But Mademoiselle waited. She was very amiable during the walk back, and raved much over Edna's appearance in her bathing suit. She talked about music. She hoped that Edna would go to see her in the city, and wrote her address with the stub of a pencil on a piece of card which she found in her pocket.
"The following week," answered Edna, adding, "It has been a pleasant summer, hasn't it, Mademoiselle?"
"Well," agreed Mademoiselle Reisz, with a shrug, "rather pleasant, if it hadn't been for the mosquitoes and the Farival twins."
The Pontelliers possessed a very charming home on Esplanade Street in New Orleans. It was a large, double cottage, with a broad front veranda, whose round, fluted columns supported the sloping roof. The house was painted a dazzling white; the outside shutters, or jalousies, were green. In the yard, which was kept scrupulously neat, were flowers and plants of every description which flourishes in South Louisiana. Within doors the appointments were perfect after the conventional type. The softest carpets and rugs covered the floors; rich and tasteful draperies hung at doors and windows. There were paintings, selected with judgment and discrimination, upon the walls. The cut glass, the silver, the heavy damask which daily appeared upon the table were the envy of many women whose husbands were less generous than Mr. Pontellier.
Mr. Pontellier was very fond of walking about his house examining its various appointments and details, to see that nothing was amiss. He greatly valued his possessions, chiefly because they were his, and derived genuine pleasure from contemplating a painting, a statuette, a rare lace curtain - no matter what - after he had bought it and placed it among his household gods.
On Tuesday afternoons - Tuesday being Mrs. Pontellier's reception day - there was a constant stream of callers - women who came in carriages or in the street cars, or walked when the air was soft and distance permitted. A light-colored mulatto boy, in dress coat and bearing a diminutive silver tray for the reception of cards, admitted them. A maid, in white fluted cap, offered the callers liqueur, coffee, or chocolate, as they might desire. Mrs. Pontellier, attired in a handsome reception gown, remained in the drawing-room the entire afternoon receiving her visitors. Men sometimes called in the evening with their wives.
This had been the programme which Mrs. Pontellier had religiously followed since her marriage, six years before. Certain evenings during the week she and her husband attended the opera or sometimes the play.
Mr. Pontellier left his home in the mornings between nine and ten o'clock, and rarely returned before half-past six or seven in the evening - dinner being served at half-past seven.
He and his wife seated themselves at table one Tuesday evening, a few weeks after their return from Grand Isle. They were alone together. The boys were being put to bed; the patter of their bare, escaping feet could be heard occasionally, as well as the pursuing voice of the quadroon, lifted in mild protest and entreaty. Mrs. Pontellier did not wear her usual Tuesday reception gown; she was in ordinary house dress. Mr. Pontellier, who was observant about such things, noticed it, as he served the soup and handed it to the boy in waiting.
"Tired out, Edna? Whom did you have? Many callers?" he asked. He tasted his soup and began to season it with pepper, salt, vinegar, mustard - everything within reach.
"There were a good many," replied Edna, who was eating her soup with evident satisfaction. "I found their cards when I got home; I was out."
"Out!" exclaimed her husband, with something like genuine consternation in his voice as he laid down the vinegar cruet and looked at her through his glasses. "Why, what could have taken you out on Tuesday? What did you have to do?"
"Well, I hope you left some suitable excuse," said her husband, somewhat appeased, as he added a dash of cayenne pepper to the soup.
"Why, my dear, I should think you'd understand by this time that people don't do such things; we've got to observe les convenances if we ever expect to get on and keep up with the procession. If you felt that you had to leave home this afternoon, you should have left some suitable explanation for your absence.
"This soup is really impossible; it's strange that woman hasn't learned yet to make a decent soup. Any free-lunch stand in town serves a better one. Was Mrs. Belthrop here?"
The boy retired and returned after a moment, bringing the tiny silver tray, which was covered with ladies' visiting cards. He handed it to Mrs. Pontellier.
Mr. Pontellier scanned the names of his wife's callers, reading some of them aloud, with comments as he read.
"`The Misses Delasidas.' I worked a big deal in futures for their father this morning; nice girls; it's time they were getting married. `Mrs. Belthrop.' I tell you what it is, Edna; you can't afford to snub Mrs. Belthrop. Why, Belthrop could buy and sell us ten times over. His business is worth a good, round sum to me. You'd better write her a note. `Mrs. James Highcamp.' Hugh! the less you have to do with Mrs. Highcamp, the better. `Madame Laforce.' Came all the way from Carrolton, too, poor old soul. 'Miss Wiggs,' `Mrs. Eleanor Boltons.'" He pushed the cards aside.
"Mercy!" exclaimed Edna, who had been fuming. "Why are you taking the thing so seriously and making such a fuss over it?"
"I'm not making any fuss over it. But it's just such seeming trifles that we've got to take seriously; such things count."
The fish was scorched. Mr. Pontellier would not touch it. Edna said she did not mind a little scorched taste. The roast was in some way not to his fancy, and he did not like the manner in which the vegetables were served.
"It seems to me," he said, "we spend money enough in this house to procure at least one meal a day which a man could eat and retain his self-respect."
"Perhaps she was when she first came; but cooks are only human. They need looking after, like any other class of persons that you employ. Suppose I didn't look after the clerks in my office, just let them run things their own way; they'd soon make a nice mess of me and my business."
"Where are you going?" asked Edna, seeing that her husband arose from table without having eaten a morsel except a taste of the highly-seasoned soup.
"I'm going to get my dinner at the club. Good night." He went into the hall, took his hat and stick from the stand, and left the house.
She was somewhat familiar with such scenes. They had often made her very unhappy. On a few previous occasions she had been completely deprived of any desire to finish her dinner. Sometimes she had gone into the kitchen to administer a tardy rebuke to the cook. Once she went to her room and studied the cookbook during an entire evening, finally writing out a menu for the week, which left her harassed with a feeling that, after all, she had accomplished no good that was worth the name.
But that evening Edna finished her dinner alone, with forced deliberation. Her face was flushed and her eyes flamed with some inward fire that lighted them. After finishing her dinner she went to her room, having instructed the boy to tell any other callers that she was indisposed.
It was a large, beautiful room, rich and picturesque in the soft, dim light which the maid had turned low. She went and stood at an open window and looked out upon the deep tangle of the garden below. All the mystery and witchery of the night seemed to have gathered there amid the perfumes and the dusky and tortuous outlines of flowers and foliage. She was seeking herself and finding herself in just such sweet, half-darkness which met her moods. But the voices were not soothing that came to her from the darkness and the sky above and the stars. They jeered and sounded mournful notes without promise, devoid even of hope. She turned back into the room and began to walk to and fro down its whole length, without stopping, without resting. She carried in her hands a thin handkerchief, which she tore into ribbons, rolled into a ball, and flung from her. Once she stopped, and taking off her wedding ring, flung it upon the carpet. When she saw it lying there, she stamped her heel upon it, striving to crush it. But her small boot heel did not make an indenture, not a mark upon the little glittering circlet.
In a sweeping passion she seized a glass vase from the table and flung it upon the tiles of the hearth. She wanted to destroy something. The crash and clatter were what she wanted to hear.
"Oh! you might get some of the glass in your feet, ma'am," insisted the young woman, picking up bits of the broken vase that were scattered upon the carpet. "And here's your ring, ma'am, under the chair."
The following morning Mr. Pontellier, upon leaving for his office, asked Edna if she would not meet him in town in order to look at some new fixtures for the library.
"I hardly think we need new fixtures, Leonce. Don't let us get anything new; you are too extravagant. I don't believe you ever think of saving or putting by."
"The way to become rich is to make money, my dear Edna, not to save it," he said. He regretted that she did not feel inclined to go with him and select new fixtures. He kissed her good-by, and told her she was not looking well and must take care of herself. She was unusually pale and very quiet.
She stood on the front veranda as he quitted the house, and absently picked a few sprays of jessamine that grew upon a trellis near by. She inhaled the odor of the blossoms and thrust them into the bosom of her white morning gown. The boys were dragging along the banquette a small "express wagon," which they had filled with blocks and sticks. The quadroon was following them with little quick steps, having assumed a fictitious animation and alacrity for the occasion. A fruit vender was crying his wares in the street.
Edna looked straight before her with a self-absorbed expression upon her face. She felt no interest in anything about her. The street, the children, the fruit vender, the flowers growing there under her eyes, were all part and parcel of an alien world which had suddenly become antagonistic.
She went back into the house. She had thought of speaking to the cook concerning her blunders of the previous night; but Mr. Pontellier had saved her that disagreeable mission, for which she was so poorly fitted. Mr. Pontellier's arguments were usually convincing with those whom he employed. He left home feeling quite sure that he and Edna would sit down that evening, and possibly a few subsequent evenings, to a dinner deserving of the name.
Edna spent an hour or two in looking over some of her old sketches. She could see their shortcomings and defects, which were glaring in her eyes. She tried to work a little, but found she was not in the humor. Finally she gathered together a few of the sketches - those which she considered the least discreditable; and she carried them with her when, a little later, she dressed and left the house. She looked handsome and distinguished in her street gown. The tan of the seashore had left her face, and her forehead was smooth, white, and polished beneath her heavy, yellow-brown hair. There were a few freckles on her face, and a small, dark mole near the under lip and one on the temple, half-hidden in her hair.
As Edna walked along the street she was thinking of Robert. She was still under the spell of her infatuation. She had tried to forget him, realizing the inutility of remembering. But the thought of him was like an obsession, ever pressing itself upon her. It was not that she dwelt upon details of their acquaintance, or recalled in any special or peculiar way his personality; it was his being, his existence, which dominated her thought, fading sometimes as if it would melt into the mist of the forgotten, reviving again with an intensity which filled her with an incomprehensible longing.
Edna was on her way to Madame Ratignolle's. Their intimacy, begun at Grand Isle, had not declined, and they had seen each other with some frequency since their return to the city. The Ratignolles lived at no great distance from Edna's home, on the corner of a side street, where Monsieur Ratignolle owned and conducted a drug store which enjoyed a steady and prosperous trade. His father had been in the business before him, and Monsieur Ratignolle stood well in the community and bore an enviable reputation for integrity and clearheadedness. His family lived in commodious apartments over the store, having an entrance on the side within the porte cochere. There was something which Edna thought very French, very foreign, about their whole manner of living. In the large and pleasant salon which extended across the width of the house, the Ratignolles entertained their friends once a fortnight with a soiree musicale, sometimes diversified by card-playing. There was a friend who played upon the 'cello. One brought his flute and another his violin, while there were some who sang and a number who performed upon the piano with various degrees of taste and agility. The Ratignolles' soirees musicales were widely known, and it was considered a privilege to be invited to them.
Edna found her friend engaged in assorting the clothes which had returned that morning from the laundry. She at once abandoned her occupation upon seeing Edna, who had been ushered without ceremony into her presence.
"`Cite can do it as well as I; it is really her business," she explained to Edna, who apologized for interrupting her. And she summoned a young black woman, whom she instructed, in French, to be very careful in checking off the list which she handed her. She told her to notice particularly if a fine linen handkerchief of Monsieur Ratignolle's, which was missing last week, had been returned; and to be sure to set to one side such pieces as required mending and darning.
Then placing an arm around Edna's waist, she led her to the front of the house, to the salon, where it was cool and sweet with the odor of great roses that stood upon the hearth in jars.
Madame Ratignolle looked more beautiful than ever there at home, in a neglige which left her arms almost wholly bare and exposed the rich, melting curves of her white throat.
"Perhaps I shall be able to paint your picture some day," said Edna with a smile when they were seated. She produced the roll of sketches and started to unfold them. "I believe I ought to work again. I feel as if I wanted to be doing something. What do you think of them? Do you think it worth while to take it up again and study some more? I might study for a while with Laidpore."
She knew that Madame Ratignolle's opinion in such a matter would be next to valueless, that she herself had not alone decided, but determined; but she sought the words of praise and encouragement that would help her to put heart into her venture.
"Immense, I tell you," persisted Madame Ratignolle, surveying the sketches one by one, at close range, then holding them at arm's length, narrowing her eyes, and dropping her head on one side. "Surely, this Bavarian peasant is worthy of framing; and this basket of apples! never have I seen anything more lifelike. One might almost be tempted to reach out a hand and take one."
Edna could not control a feeling which bordered upon complacency at her friend's praise, even realizing, as she did, its true worth. She retained a few of the sketches, and gave all the rest to Madame Ratignolle, who appreciated the gift far beyond its value and proudly exhibited the pictures to her husband when he came up from the store a little later for his midday dinner.
Mr. Ratignolle was one of those men who are called the salt of the earth. His cheerfulness was unbounded, and it was matched by his goodness of heart, his broad charity, and common sense. He and his wife spoke English with an accent which was only discernible through its un-English emphasis and a certain carefulness and deliberation. Edna's husband spoke English with no accent whatever. The Ratignolles understood each other perfectly. If ever the fusion of two human beings into one has been accomplished on this sphere it was surely in their union.
As Edna seated herself at table with them she thought, "Better a dinner of herbs," though it did not take her long to discover that it was no dinner of herbs, but a delicious repast, simple, choice, and in every way satisfying.
Monsieur Ratignolle was delighted to see her, though he found her looking not so well as at Grand Isle, and he advised a tonic. He talked a good deal on various topics, a little politics, some city news and neighborhood gossip. He spoke with an animation and earnestness that gave an exaggerated importance to every syllable he uttered. His wife was keenly interested in everything he said, laying down her fork the better to listen, chiming in, taking the words out of his mouth.
Edna felt depressed rather than soothed after leaving them. The little glimpse of domestic harmony which had been offered her, gave her no regret, no longing. It was not a condition of life which fitted her, and she could see in it but an appalling and hopeless ennui. She was moved by a kind of commiseration for Madame Ratignolle, - a pity for that colorless existence which never uplifted its possessor beyond the region of blind contentment, in which no moment of anguish ever visited her soul, in which she would never have the taste of life's delirium. Edna vaguely wondered what she meant by "life's delirium." It had crossed her thought like some unsought, extraneous impression.
Edna could not help but think that it was very foolish, very childish, to have stamped upon her wedding ring and smashed the crystal vase upon the tiles. She was visited by no more outbursts, moving her to such futile expedients. She began to do as she liked and to feel as she liked. She completely abandoned her Tuesdays at home, and did not return the visits of those who had called upon her. She made no ineffectual efforts to conduct her household en bonne menagere, going and coming as it suited her fancy, and, so far as she was able, lending herself to any passing caprice.
Mr. Pontellier had been a rather courteous husband so long as he met a certain tacit submissiveness in his wife. But her new and unexpected line of conduct completely bewildered him. It shocked him. Then her absolute disregard for her duties as a wife angered him. When Mr. Pontellier became rude, Edna grew insolent. She had resolved never to take another step backward.
"It seems to me the utmost folly for a woman at the head of a household, and the mother of children, to spend in an atelier days which would be better employed contriving for the comfort of her family."
"Then in God's name paint! but don't let the family go to the devil. There's Madame Ratignolle; because she keeps up her music, she doesn't let everything else go to chaos. And she's more of a musician than you are a painter."
"She isn't a musician, and I'm not a painter. It isn't on account of painting that I let things go."
It sometimes entered Mr. Pontellier's mind to wonder if his wife were not growing a little unbalanced mentally. He could see plainly that she was not herself. That is, he could not see that she was becoming herself and daily casting aside that fictitious self which we assume like a garment with which to appear before the world.
Her husband let her alone as she requested, and went away to his office. Edna went up to her atelier - a bright room in the top of the house. She was working with great energy and interest, without accomplishing anything, however, which satisfied her even in the smallest degree. For a time she had the whole household enrolled in the service of art. The boys posed for her. They thought it amusing at first, but the occupation soon lost its attractiveness when they discovered that it was not a game arranged especially for their entertainment. The quadroon sat for hours before Edna's palette, patient as a savage, while the house-maid took charge of the children, and the drawing-room went undusted. But the housemaid, too, served her term as model when Edna perceived that the young woman's back and shoulders were molded on classic lines, and that her hair, loosened from its confining cap, became an inspiration. While Edna worked she sometimes sang low the little air, "Ah! si tu savais!"
It moved her with recollections. She could hear again the ripple of the water, the flapping sail. She could see the glint of the moon upon the bay, and could feel the soft, gusty beating of the hot south wind. A subtle current of desire passed through her body, weakening her hold upon the brushes and making her eyes burn.
There were days when she was very happy without knowing why. She was happy to be alive and breathing, when her whole being seemed to be one with the sunlight, the color, the odors, the luxuriant warmth of some perfect Southern day. She liked then to wander alone into strange and unfamiliar places. She discovered many a sunny, sleepy corner, fashioned to dream in. And she found it good to dream and to be alone and unmolested.
There were days when she was unhappy, she did not know why, - when it did not seem worth while to be glad or sorry, to be alive or dead; when life appeared to her like a grotesque pandemonium and humanity like worms struggling blindly toward inevitable annihilation. She could not work on such a day, nor weave fancies to stir her pulses and warm her blood.
It was during such a mood that Edna hunted up Mademoiselle Reisz. She had not forgotten the rather disagreeable impression left upon her by their last interview; but she nevertheless felt a desire to see her - above all, to listen while she played upon the piano. Quite early in the afternoon she started upon her quest for the pianist. Unfortunately she had mislaid or lost Mademoiselle Reisz's card, and looking up her address in the city directory, she found that the woman lived on Bienville Street, some distance away. The directory which fell into her hands was a year or more old, however, and upon reaching the number indicated, Edna discovered that the house was occupied by a respectable family of mulattoes who had chambres garnies to let. They had been living there for six months, and knew absolutely nothing of a Mademoiselle Reisz. In fact, they knew nothing of any of their neighbors; their lodgers were all people of the highest distinction, they assured Edna. She did not linger to discuss class distinctions with Madame Pouponne, but hastened to a neighboring grocery store, feeling sure that Mademoiselle would have left her address with the proprietor.
He knew Mademoiselle Reisz a good deal better than he wanted to know her, he informed his questioner. In truth, he did not want to know her at all, or anything concerning her - the most disagreeable and unpopular woman who ever lived in Bienville Street. He thanked heaven she had left the neighborhood, and was equally thankful that he did not know where she had gone.
Edna's desire to see Mademoiselle Reisz had increased tenfold since these unlooked-for obstacles had arisen to thwart it. She was wondering who could give her the information she sought, when it suddenly occurred to her that Madame Lebrun would be the one most likely to do so. She knew it was useless to ask Madame Ratignolle, who was on the most distant terms with the musician, and preferred to know nothing concerning her. She had once been almost as emphatic in expressing herself upon the subject as the corner grocer.
Edna knew that Madame Lebrun had returned to the city, for it was the middle of November. And she also knew where the Lebruns lived, on Chartres Street.
Their home from the outside looked like a prison, with iron bars before the door and lower windows. The iron bars were a relic of the old regime, and no one had ever thought of dislodging them. At the side was a high fence enclosing the garden. A gate or door opening upon the street was locked. Edna rang the bell at this side garden gate, and stood upon the banquette, waiting to be admitted.
It was Victor who opened the gate for her. A black woman, wiping her hands upon her apron, was close at his heels. Before she saw them Edna could hear them in altercation, the woman - plainly an anomaly - claiming the right to be allowed to perform her duties, one of which was to answer the bell.
Victor was surprised and delighted to see Mrs. Pontellier, and he made no attempt to conceal either his astonishment or his delight. He was a dark-browed, good-looking youngster of nineteen, greatly resembling his mother, but with ten times her impetuosity. He instructed the black woman to go at once and inform Madame Lebrun that Mrs. Pontellier desired to see her. The woman grumbled a refusal to do part of her duty when she had not been permitted to do it all, and started back to her interrupted task of weeding the garden. Whereupon Victor administered a rebuke in the form of a volley of abuse, which, owing to its rapidity and incoherence, was all but incomprehensible to Edna. Whatever it was, the rebuke was convincing, for the woman dropped her hoe and went mumbling into the house.
Edna did not wish to enter. It was very pleasant there on the side porch, where there were chairs, a wicker lounge, and a small table. She seated herself, for she was tired from her long tramp; and she began to rock gently and smooth out the folds of her silk parasol. Victor drew up his chair beside her. He at once explained that the black woman's offensive conduct was all due to imperfect training, as he was not there to take her in hand. He had only come up from the island the morning before, and expected to return next day. He stayed all winter at the island; he lived there, and kept the place in order and got things ready for the summer visitors.
But a man needed occasional relaxation, he informed Mrs. Pontellier, and every now and again he drummed up a pretext to bring him to the city. My! but he had had a time of it the evening before! He wouldn't want his mother to know, and he began to talk in a whisper. He was scintillant with recollections. Of course, he couldn't think of telling Mrs. Pontellier all about it, she being a woman and not comprehending such things. But it all began with a girl peeping and smiling at him through the shutters as he passed by. Oh! but she was a beauty! Certainly he smiled back, and went up and talked to her. Mrs. Pontellier did not know him if she supposed he was one to let an opportunity like that escape him. Despite herself, the youngster amused her. She must have betrayed in her look some degree of interest or entertainment. The boy grew more daring, and Mrs. Pontellier might have found herself, in a little while, listening to a highly colored story but for the timely appearance of Madame Lebrun.
That lady was still clad in white, according to her custom of the summer. Her eyes beamed an effusive welcome. Would not Mrs. Pontellier go inside? Would she partake of some refreshment? Why had she not been there before? How was that dear Mr. Pontellier and how were those sweet children? Had Mrs. Pontellier ever known such a warm November?
Victor went and reclined on the wicker lounge behind his mother's chair, where he commanded a view of Edna's face. He had taken her parasol from her hands while he spoke to her, and he now lifted it and twirled it above him as he lay on his back. When Madame Lebrun complained that it was so dull coming back to the city; that she saw so few people now; that even Victor, when he came up from the island for a day or two, had so much to occupy him and engage his time; then it was that the youth went into contortions on the lounge and winked mischievously at Edna. She somehow felt like a confederate in crime, and tried to look severe and disapproving.
There had been but two letters from Robert, with little in them, they told her. Victor said it was really not worth while to go inside for the letters, when his mother entreated him to go in search of them. He remembered the contents, which in truth he rattled off very glibly when put to the test.
One letter was written from Vera Cruz and the other from the City of Mexico. He had met Montel, who was doing everything toward his advancement. So far, the financial situation was no improvement over the one he had left in New Orleans, but of course the prospects were vastly better. He wrote of the City of Mexico, the buildings, the people and their habits, the conditions of life which he found there. He sent his love to the family. He inclosed a check to his mother, and hoped she would affectionately remember him to all his friends. That was about the substance of the two letters. Edna felt that if there had been a message for her, she would have received it. The despondent frame of mind in which she had left home began again to overtake her, and she remembered that she wished to find Mademoiselle Reisz.
Madame Lebrun knew where Mademoiselle Reisz lived. She gave Edna the address, regretting that she would not consent to stay and spend the remainder of the afternoon, and pay a visit to Mademoiselle Reisz some other day. The afternoon was already well advanced.
Victor escorted her out upon the banquette, lifted her parasol, and held it over her while he walked to the car with her. He entreated her to bear in mind that the disclosures of the afternoon were strictly confidential. She laughed and bantered him a little, remembering too late that she should have been dignified and reserved.
"Ravishing!" he admitted. "The city atmosphere has improved her. Some way she doesn't seem like the same woman."
Some people contended that the reason Mademoiselle Reisz always chose apartments up under the roof was to discourage the approach of beggars, peddlars and callers. There were plenty of windows in her little front room. They were for the most part dingy, but as they were nearly always open it did not make so much difference. They often admitted into the room a good deal of smoke and soot; but at the same time all the light and air that there was came through them. From her windows could be seen the crescent of the river, the masts of ships and the big chimneys of the Mississippi steamers. A magnificent piano crowded the apartment. In the next room she slept, and in the third and last she harbored a gasoline stove on which she cooked her meals when disinclined to descend to the neighboring restaurant. It was there also that she ate, keeping her belongings in a rare old buffet, dingy and battered from a hundred years of use.
When Edna knocked at Mademoiselle Reisz's front room door and entered, she discovered that person standing beside the window, engaged in mending or patching an old prunella gaiter. The little musician laughed all over when she saw Edna. Her laugh consisted of a contortion of the face and all the muscles of the body. She seemed strikingly homely, standing there in the afternoon light. She still wore the shabby lace and the artificial bunch of violets on the side of her head.
"So you remembered me at last," said Mademoiselle. "I had said to myself, `Ah, bah! she will never come.'"
"I had not thought much about it," answered Mademoiselle. The two had seated themselves on a little bumpy sofa which stood against the wall. "I am glad, however, that you came. I have the water boiling back there, and was just about to make some coffee. You will drink a cup with me. And how is la belle dame? Always handsome! always healthy! always contented!" She took Edna's hand between her strong wiry fingers, holding it loosely without warmth, and executing a sort of double theme upon the back and palm.
"Yes," she went on; "I sometimes thought: `She will never come. She promised as those women in society always do, without meaning it. She will not come.' For I really don't believe you like me, Mrs. Pontellier."
"I don't know whether I like you or not," replied Edna, gazing down at the little woman with a quizzical look.
The candor of Mrs. Pontellier's admission greatly pleased Mademoiselle Reisz. She expressed her gratification by repairing forthwith to the region of the gasoline stove and rewarding her guest with the promised cup of coffee. The coffee and the biscuit accompanying it proved very acceptable to Edna, who had declined refreshment at Madame Lebrun's and was now beginning to feel hungry. Mademoiselle set the tray which she brought in upon a small table near at hand, and seated herself once again on the lumpy sofa.
"I have had a letter from your friend," she remarked, as she poured a little cream into Edna's cup and handed it to her.
"Yes, to me. Why not? Don't stir all the warmth out of your coffee; drink it. Though the letter might as well have been sent to you; it was nothing but Mrs. Pontellier from beginning to end."
"It was written about you, not to you. `Have you seen Mrs. Pontellier? How is she looking?' he asks. `As Mrs. Pontellier says,' or `as Mrs. Pontellier once said.' `If Mrs. Pontellier should call upon you, play for her that Impromptu of Chopin's, my favorite. I heard it here a day or two ago, but not as you play it. I should like to know how it affects her,' and so on, as if he supposed we were constantly in each other's society."
"I do not know you well enough to say. I do not know your talent or your temperament. To be an artist includes much; one must possess many gifts - absolute gifts - which have not been acquired by one's own effort. And, moreover, to succeed, the artist must possess the courageous soul."
"Show me the letter and play for me the Impromptu. You see that I have persistence. Does that quality count for anything in art?"
"It counts with a foolish old woman whom you have captivated," replied Mademoiselle, with her wriggling laugh.
The letter was right there at hand in the drawer of the little table upon which Edna had just placed her coffee cup. Mademoiselle opened the drawer and drew forth the letter, the topmost one. She placed it in Edna's hands, and without further comment arose and went to the piano.
Mademoiselle played a soft interlude. It was an improvisation. She sat low at the instrument, and the lines of her body settled into ungraceful curves and angles that gave it an appearance of deformity. Gradually and imperceptibly the interlude melted into the soft opening minor chords of the Chopin Impromptu.
Edna did not know when the Impromptu began or ended. She sat in the sofa corner reading Robert's letter by the fading light. Mademoiselle had glided from the Chopin into the quivering lovenotes of Isolde's song, and back again to the Impromptu with its soulful and poignant longing.
The shadows deepened in the little room. The music grew strange and fantastic - turbulent, insistent, plaintive and soft with entreaty. The shadows grew deeper. The music filled the room. It floated out upon the night, over the housetops, the crescent of the river, losing itself in the silence of the upper air.
Edna was sobbing, just as she had wept one midnight at Grand Isle when strange, new voices awoke in her. She arose in some agitation to take her departure. "May I come again, Mademoiselle?" she asked at the threshold.
Mademoiselle reentered and lit a candle. Robert's letter was on the floor. She stooped and picked it up. It was crumpled and damp with tears. Mademoiselle smoothed the letter out, restored it to the envelope, and replaced it in the table drawer.
One morning on his way into town Mr. Pontellier stopped at the house of his old friend and family physician, Doctor Mandelet. The Doctor was a semi-retired physician, resting, as the saying is, upon his laurels. He bore a reputation for wisdom rather than skill - leaving the active practice of medicine to his assistants and younger contemporaries - and was much sought for in matters of consultation. A few families, united to him by bonds of friendship, he still attended when they required the services of a physician. The Pontelliers were among these.
Mr. Pontellier found the Doctor reading at the open window of his study. His house stood rather far back from the street, in the center of a delightful garden, so that it was quiet and peaceful at the old gentleman's study window. He was a great reader. He stared up disapprovingly over his eye-glasses as Mr. Pontellier entered, wondering who had the temerity to disturb him at that hour of the morning.
"Ah, Pontellier! Not sick, I hope. Come and have a seat. What news do you bring this morning?" He was quite portly, with a profusion of gray hair, and small blue eyes which age had robbed of much of their brightness but none of their penetration.
"Oh! I'm never sick, Doctor. You know that I come of tough fiber - of that old Creole race of Pontelliers that dry up and finally blow away. I came to consult - no, not precisely to consult - to talk to you about Edna. I don't know what ails her."
"Madame Pontellier not well," marveled the Doctor. "Why, I saw her - I think it was a week ago - walking along Canal Street, the picture of health, it seemed to me."
"Yes, yes; she seems quite well," said Mr. Pontellier, leaning forward and whirling his stick between his two hands; "but she doesn't act well. She's odd, she's not like herself. I can't make her out, and I thought perhaps you'd help me."
"Well, it isn't easy to explain," said Mr. Pontellier, throwing himself back in his chair. "She lets the housekeeping go to the dickens."
"I know that; I told you I couldn't explain. Her whole attitude - toward me and everybody and everything - has changed. You know I have a quick temper, but I don't want to quarrel or be rude to a woman, especially my wife; yet I'm driven to it, and feel like ten thousand devils after I've made a fool of myself. She's making it devilishly uncomfortable for me," he went on nervously. "She's got some sort of notion in her head concerning the eternal rights of women; and - you understand - we meet in the morning at the breakfast table."
The old gentleman lifted his shaggy eyebrows, protruded his thick nether lip, and tapped the arms of his chair with his cushioned fingertips.
"Has she," asked the Doctor, with a smile, "has she been associating of late with a circle of pseudo-intellectual women - super-spiritual superior beings? My wife has been telling me about them."
"That's the trouble," broke in Mr. Pontellier, "she hasn't been associating with any one. She has abandoned her Tuesdays at home, has thrown over all her acquaintances, and goes tramping about by herself, moping in the street-cars, getting in after dark. I tell you she's peculiar. I don't like it; I feel a little worried over it."
This was a new aspect for the Doctor. "Nothing hereditary?" he asked, seriously. "Nothing peculiar about her family antecedents, is there?"
"Oh, no, indeed! She comes of sound old Presbyterian Kentucky stock. The old gentleman, her father, I have heard, used to atone for his weekday sins with his Sunday devotions. I know for a fact, that his race horses literally ran away with the prettiest bit of Kentucky farming land I ever laid eyes upon. Margaret - you know Margaret - she has all the Presbyterianism undiluted. And the youngest is something of a vixen. By the way, she gets married in a couple of weeks from now."
"Send your wife up to the wedding," exclaimed the Doctor, foreseeing a happy solution. "Let her stay among her own people for a while; it will do her good."
"That's what I want her to do. She won't go to the marriage. She says a wedding is one of the most lamentable spectacles on earth. Nice thing for a woman to say to her husband!" exclaimed Mr. Pontellier, fuming anew at the recollection.
"Pontellier," said the Doctor, after a moment's reflection, "let your wife alone for a while. Don't bother her, and don't let her bother you. Woman, my dear friend, is a very peculiar and delicate organism - a sensitive and highly organized woman, such as I know Mrs. Pontellier to be, is especially peculiar. It would require an inspired psychologist to deal successfully with them. And when ordinary fellows like you and me attempt to cope with their idiosyncrasies the result is bungling. Most women are moody and whimsical. This is some passing whim of your wife, due to some cause or causes which you and I needn't try to fathom. But it will pass happily over, especially if you let her alone. Send her around to see me."
"Then I'll go around and see her," said the Doctor. "I'll drop in to dinner some evening en bon ami.
"Do! by all means," urged Mr. Pontellier. "What evening will you come? Say Thursday. Will you come Thursday?" he asked, rising to take his leave.
"Very well; Thursday. My wife may possibly have some engagement for me Thursday. In case she has, I shall let you know. Otherwise, you may expect me."
"I am going to New York on business very soon. I have a big scheme on hand, and want to be on the field proper to pull the ropes and handle the ribbons. We'll let you in on the inside if you say so, Doctor," he laughed.
"No, I thank you, my dear sir," returned the Doctor. "I leave such ventures to you younger men with the fever of life still in your blood."
"What I wanted to say," continued Mr. Pontellier, with his hand on the knob; "I may have to be absent a good while. Would you advise me to take Edna along?"
"By all means, if she wishes to go. If not, leave her here. Don't contradict her. The mood will pass, I assure you. It may take a month, two, three months - possibly longer, but it will pass; have patience."
The Doctor would have liked during the course of conversation to ask, "Is there any man in the case?" but he knew his Creole too well to make such a blunder as that.
He did not resume his book immediately, but sat for a while meditatively looking out into the garden.
Edna's father was in the city, and had been with them several days. She was not very warmly or deeply attached to him, but they had certain tastes in common, and when together they were companionable. His coming was in the nature of a welcome disturbance; it seemed to furnish a new direction for her emotions.
He had come to purchase a wedding gift for his daughter, Janet, and an outfit for himself in which he might make a creditable appearance at her marriage. Mr. Pontellier had selected the bridal gift, as every one immediately connected with him always deferred to his taste in such matters. And his suggestions on the question of dress - which too often assumes the nature of a problemwere of inestimable value to his father-in-law. But for the past few days the old gentleman had been upon Edna's hands, and in his society she was becoming acquainted with a new set of sensations. He had been a colonel in the Confederate army, and still maintained, with the title, the military bearing which had always accompanied it. His hair and mustache were white and silky, emphasizing the rugged bronze of his face. He was tall and thin, and wore his coats padded, which gave a fictitious breadth and depth to his shoulders and chest. Edna and her father looked very distinguished together, and excited a good deal of notice during their perambulations. Upon his arrival she began by introducing him to her atelier and making a sketch of him. He took the whole matter very seriously. If her talent had been ten-fold greater than it was, it would not have surprised him, convinced as he was that he had bequeathed to all of his daughters the germs of a masterful capability, which only depended upon their own efforts to be directed toward successful achievement.
Before her pencil he sat rigid and unflinching, as he had faced the cannon's mouth in days gone by. He resented the intrusion of the children, who gaped with wondering eyes at him, sitting so stiff up there in their mother's bright atelier. When they drew near he motioned them away with an expressive action of the foot, loath to disturb the fixed lines of his countenance, his arms, or his rigid shoulders.
Edna, anxious to entertain him, invited Mademoiselle Reisz to meet him, having promised him a treat in her piano playing; but Mademoiselle declined the invitation. So together they attended a soiree musicale at the Ratignolles'. Monsieur and Madame Ratignolle made much of the Colonel, installing him as the guest of honor and engaging him at once to dine with them the following Sunday, or any day which he might select. Madame coquetted with him in the most captivating and naive manner, with eyes, gestures, and a profusion of compliments, till the Colonel's old head felt thirty years younger on his padded shoulders. Edna marveled, not comprehending. She herself was almost devoid of coquetry.
There were one or two men whom she observed at the soiree musicale; but she would never have felt moved to any kittenish display to attract their notice - to any feline or feminine wiles to express herself toward them. Their personality attracted her in an agreeable way. Her fancy selected them, and she was glad when a lull in the music gave them an opportunity to meet her and talk with her. Often on the street the glance of strange eyes had lingered in her memory, and sometimes had disturbed her.
Mr. Pontellier did not attend these soirees musicales. He considered them bourgeois, and found more diversion at the club. To Madame Ratignolle he said the music dispensed at her soirees was too "heavy," too far beyond his untrained comprehension. His excuse flattered her. But she disapproved of Mr. Pontellier's club, and she was frank enough to tell Edna so.
"It's a pity Mr. Pontellier doesn't stay home more in the evenings. I think you would be more - well, if you don't mind my saying it - more united, if he did."
"Oh! dear no!" said Edna, with a blank look in her eyes. "What should I do if he stayed home? We wouldn't have anything to say to each other."
She had not much of anything to say to her father, for that matter; but he did not antagonize her. She discovered that he interested her, though she realized that he might not interest her long; and for the first time in her life she felt as if she were thoroughly acquainted with him. He kept her busy serving him and ministering to his wants. It amused her to do so. She would not permit a servant or one of the children to do anything for him which she might do herself. Her husband noticed, and thought it was the expression of a deep filial attachment which he had never suspected.
The Colonel drank numerous "toddies" during the course of the day, which left him, however, imperturbed. He was an expert at concocting strong drinks. He had even invented some, to which he had given fantastic names, and for whose manufacture he required diverse ingredients that it devolved upon Edna to procure for him.
When Doctor Mandelet dined with the Pontelliers on Thursday he could discern in Mrs. Pontellier no trace of that morbid condition which her husband had reported to him. She was excited and in a manner radiant. She and her father had been to the race course, and their thoughts when they seated themselves at table were still occupied with the events of the afternoon, and their talk was still of the track. The Doctor had not kept pace with turf affairs. He had certain recollections of racing in what he called "the good old times" when the Lecompte stables flourished, and he drew upon this fund of memories so that he might not be left out and seem wholly devoid of the modern spirit. But he failed to impose upon the Colonel, and was even far from impressing him with this trumped-up knowledge of bygone days. Edna had staked her father on his last venture, with the most gratifying results to both of them. Besides, they had met some very charming people, according to the Colonel's impressions. Mrs. Mortimer Merriman and Mrs. James Highcamp, who were there with Alcee Arobin, had joined them and had enlivened the hours in a fashion that warmed him to think of.
Mr. Pontellier himself had no particular leaning toward horseracing, and was even rather inclined to discourage it as a pastime, especially when he considered the fate of that blue-grass farm in Kentucky. He endeavored, in a general way, to express a particular disapproval, and only succeeded in arousing the ire and opposition of his father-in-law. A pretty dispute followed, in which Edna warmly espoused her father's cause and the Doctor remained neutral.
He observed his hostess attentively from under his shaggy brows, and noted a subtle change which had transformed her from the listless woman he had known into a being who, for the moment, seemed palpitant with the forces of life. Her speech was warm and energetic. There was no repression in her glance or gesture. She reminded him of some beautiful, sleek animal waking up in the sun.
The dinner was excellent. The claret was warm and the champagne was cold, and under their beneficent influence the threatened unpleasantness melted and vanished with the fumes of the wine.
Mr. Pontellier warmed up and grew reminiscent. He told some amusing plantation experiences, recollections of old Iberville and his youth, when he hunted `possum in company with some friendly darky; thrashed the pecan trees, shot the grosbec, and roamed the woods and fields in mischievous idleness.
The Colonel, with little sense of humor and of the fitness of things, related a somber episode of those dark and bitter days, in which he had acted a conspicuous part and always formed a central figure. Nor was the Doctor happier in his selection, when he told the old, ever new and curious story of the waning of a woman's love, seeking strange, new channels, only to return to its legitimate source after days of fierce unrest. It was one of the many little human documents which had been unfolded to him during his long career as a physician. The story did not seem especially to impress Edna. She had one of her own to tell, of a woman who paddled away with her lover one night in a pirogue and never came back. They were lost amid the Baratarian Islands, and no one ever heard of them or found trace of them from that day to this. It was a pure invention. She said that Madame Antoine had related it to her. That, also, was an invention. Perhaps it was a dream she had had. But every glowing word seemed real to those who listened. They could feel the hot breath of the Southern night; they could hear the long sweep of the pirogue through the glistening moonlit water, the beating of birds' wings, rising startled from among the reeds in the salt-water pools; they could see the faces of the lovers, pale, close together, rapt in oblivious forgetfulness, drifting into the unknown.
Outside, away from the glow of the fire and the soft lamplight, the night was chill and murky. The Doctor doubled his old-fashioned cloak across his breast as he strode home through the darkness. He knew his fellow-creatures better than most men; knew that inner life which so seldom unfolds itself to unanointed* eyes. He was sorry he had accepted Pontellier's invitation. He was growing old, and beginning to need rest and an imperturbed spirit. He did not want the secrets of other lives thrust upon him.
"I hope it isn't Arobin," he muttered to himself as he walked. "I hope to heaven it isn't Alcee Arobin."
Edna and her father had a warm, and almost violent dispute upon the subject of her refusal to attend her sister's wedding. Mr. Pontellier declined to interfere, to interpose either his influence or his authority. He was following Doctor Mandelet's advice, and letting her do as she liked. The Colonel reproached his daughter for her lack of filial kindness and respect, her want of sisterly affection and womanly consideration. His arguments were labored and unconvincing. He doubted if Janet would accept any excuse - forgetting that Edna had offered none. He doubted if Janet would ever speak to her again, and he was sure Margaret would not.
Edna was glad to be rid of her father when he finally took himself off with his wedding garments and his bridal gifts, with his padded shoulders, his Bible reading, his "toddies" and ponderous oaths.
Mr. Pontellier followed him closely. He meant to stop at the wedding on his way to New York and endeavor by every means which money and love could devise to atone somewhat for Edna's incomprehensible action.
"You are too lenient, too lenient by far, Leonce," asserted the Colonel. "Authority, coercion are what is needed. Put your foot down good and hard; the only way to manage a wife. Take my word for it."
The Colonel was perhaps unaware that he had coerced his own wife into her grave. Mr. Pontellier had a vague suspicion of it which he thought it needless to mention at that late day.
Edna was not so consciously gratified at her husband's leaving home as she had been over the departure of her father. As the day approached when he was to leave her for a comparatively long stay, she grew melting and affectionate, remembering his many acts of consideration and his repeated expressions of an ardent attachment. She was solicitous about his health and his welfare. She bustled around, looking after his clothing, thinking about heavy underwear, quite as Madame Ratignolle would have done under similar circumstances. She cried when he went away, calling him her dear, good friend, and she was quite certain she would grow lonely before very long and go to join him in New York.
But after all, a radiant peace settled upon her when she at last found herself alone. Even the children were gone. Old Madame Pontellier had come herself and carried them off to Iberville with their quadroon. The old madame did not venture to say she was afraid they would be neglected during Leonce's absence; she hardly ventured to think so. She was hungry for them - even a little fierce in her attachment. She did not want them to be wholly "children of the pavement," she always said when begging to have them for a space. She wished them to know the country, with its streams, its fields, its woods, its freedom, so delicious to the young. She wished them to taste something of the life their father had lived and known and loved when he, too, was a little child.
When Edna was at last alone, she breathed a big, genuine sigh of relief. A feeling that was unfamiliar but very delicious came over her. She walked all through the house, from one room to another, as if inspecting it for the first time. She tried the various chairs and lounges, as if she had never sat and reclined upon them before. And she perambulated around the outside of the house, investigating, looking to see if windows and shutters were secure and in order. The flowers were like new acquaintances; she approached them in a familiar spirit, and made herself at home among them. The garden walks were damp, and Edna called to the maid to bring out her rubber sandals. And there she stayed, and stooped, digging around the plants, trimming, picking dead, dry leaves. The children's little dog came out, interfering, getting in her way. She scolded him, laughed at him, played with him. The garden smelled so good and looked so pretty in the afternoon sunlight. Edna plucked all the bright flowers she could find, and went into the house with them, she and the little dog.
Even the kitchen assumed a sudden interesting character which she had never before perceived. She went in to give directions to the cook, to say that the butcher would have to bring much less meat, that they would require only half their usual quantity of bread, of milk and groceries. She told the cook that she herself would be greatly occupied during Mr. Pontellier's absence, and she begged her to take all thought and responsibility of the larder upon her own shoulders.
That night Edna dined alone. The candelabra, with a few candies in the center of the table, gave all the light she needed. Outside the circle of light in which she sat, the large dining-room looked solemn and shadowy. The cook, placed upon her mettle, served a delicious repast - a luscious tenderloin broiled a point. The wine tasted good; the marron glace seemed to be just what she wanted. It was so pleasant, too, to dine in a comfortable peignoir.
She thought a little sentimentally about Leonce and the children, and wondered what they were doing. As she gave a dainty scrap or two to the doggie, she talked intimately to him about Etienne and Raoul. He was beside himself with astonishment and delight over these companionable advances, and showed his appreciation by his little quick, snappy barks and a lively agitation.
Then Edna sat in the library after dinner and read Emerson until she grew sleepy. She realized that she had neglected her reading, and determined to start anew upon a course of improving studies, now that her time was completely her own to do with as she liked.
After a refreshing bath, Edna went to bed. And as she snuggled comfortably beneath the eiderdown a sense of restfulness invaded her, such as she had not known before.
When the weather was dark and cloudy Edna could not work. She needed the sun to mellow and temper her mood to the sticking point. She had reached a stage when she seemed to be no longer feeling her way, working, when in the humor, with sureness and ease. And being devoid of ambition, and striving not toward accomplishment, she drew satisfaction from the work in itself.
On rainy or melancholy days Edna went out and sought the society of the friends she had made at Grand Isle. Or else she stayed indoors and nursed a mood with which she was becoming too familiar for her own comfort and peace of mind. It was not despair; but it seemed to her as if life were passing by, leaving its promise broken and unfulfilled. Yet there were other days when she listened, was led on and deceived by fresh promises which her youth held out to her.
She went again to the races, and again. Alcee Arobin and Mrs. Highcamp called for her one bright afternoon in Arobin's drag. Mrs. Highcamp was a worldly but unaffected, intelligent, slim, tall blonde woman in the forties, with an indifferent manner and blue eyes that stared. She had a daughter who served her as a pretext for cultivating the society of young men of fashion. Alcee Arobin was one of them. He was a familiar figure at the race course, the opera, the fashionable clubs. There was a perpetual smile in his eyes, which seldom failed to awaken a corresponding cheerfulness in any one who looked into them and listened to his good-humored voice. His manner was quiet, and at times a little insolent. He possessed a good figure, a pleasing face, not overburdened with depth of thought or feeling; and his dress was that of the conventional man of fashion.
He admired Edna extravagantly, after meeting her at the races with her father. He had met her before on other occasions, but she had seemed to him unapproachable until that day. It was at his instigation that Mrs. Highcamp called to ask her to go with them to the Jockey Club to witness the turf event of the season.
There were possibly a few track men out there who knew the race horse as well as Edna, but there was certainly none who knew it better. She sat between her two companions as one having authority to speak. She laughed at Arobin's pretensions, and deplored Mrs. Highcamp's ignorance. The race horse was a friend and intimate associate of her childhood. The atmosphere of the stables and the breath of the blue grass paddock revived in her memory and lingered in her nostrils. She did not perceive that she was talking like her father as the sleek geldings ambled in review before them. She played for very high stakes, and fortune favored her. The fever of the game flamed in her cheeks and eves, and it got into her blood and into her brain like an intoxicant. People turned their heads to look at her, and more than one lent an attentive car to her utterances, hoping thereby to secure the elusive but ever-desired "tip." Arobin caught the contagion of excitement which drew him to Edna like a magnet. Mrs. Highcamp remained, as usual, unmoved, with her indifferent stare and uplifted eyebrows.
Edna stayed and dined with Mrs. Highcamp upon being urged to do so. Arobin also remained and sent away his drag.
The dinner was quiet and uninteresting, save for the cheerful efforts of Arobin to enliven things. Mrs. Highcamp deplored the absence of her daughter from the races, and tried to convey to her what she had missed by going to the "Dante reading" instead of joining them. The girl held a geranium leaf up to her nose and said nothing, but looked knowing and noncommittal. Mr. Highcamp was a plain, bald-headed man, who only talked under compulsion. He was unresponsive. Mrs. Highcamp was full of delicate courtesy and consideration toward her husband. She addressed most of her conversation to him at table. They sat in the library after dinner and read the evening papers together under the droplight; while the younger people went into the drawing-room near by and talked. Miss Highcamp played some selections from Grieg upon the piano. She seemed to have apprehended all of the composer's coldness and none of his poetry. While Edna listened she could not help wondering if she had lost her taste for music.
When the time came for her to go home, Mr. Highcamp grunted a lame offer to escort her, looking down at his slippered feet with tactless concern. It was Arobin who took her home. The car ride was long, and it was late when they reached Esplanade Street. Arobin asked permission to enter for a second to light his cigarette - his match safe was empty. He filled his match safe, but did not light his cigarette until he left her, after she had expressed her willingness to go to the races with him again.
Edna was neither tired nor sleepy. She was hungry again, for the Highcamp dinner, though of excellent quality, had lacked abundance. She rummaged in the larder and brought forth a slice of Gruyere and some crackers. She opened a bottle of beer which she found in the icebox. Edna felt extremely restless and excited. She vacantly hummed a fantastic tune as she poked at the wood embers on the hearth and munched a cracker.
She wanted something to happen - something, anything; she did not know what. She regretted that she had not made Arobin stay a half hour to talk over the horses with her. She counted the money she had won. But there was nothing else to do, so she went to bed, and tossed there for hours in a sort of monotonous agitation.
In the middle of the night she remembered that she had forgotten to write her regular letter to her husband; and she decided to do so next day and tell him about her afternoon at the Jockey Club. She lay wide awake composing a letter which was nothing like the one which she wrote next day. When the maid awoke her in the morning Edna was dreaming of Mr. Highcamp playing the piano at the entrance of a music store on Canal Street, while his wife was saying to Alcee Arobin, as they boarded an Esplanade Street car:
When, a few days later, Alcee Arobin again called for Edna in his drag, Mrs. Highcamp was not with him. He said they would pick her up. But as that lady had not been apprised of his intention of picking her up, she was not at home. The daughter was just leaving the house to attend the meeting of a branch Folk Lore Society, and regretted that she could not accompany them. Arobin appeared nonplused, and asked Edna if there were any one else she cared to ask.
She did not deem it worth while to go in search of any of the fashionable acquaintances from whom she had withdrawn herself. She thought of Madame Ratignolle, but knew that her fair friend did not leave the house, except to take a languid walk around the block with her husband after nightfall. Mademoiselle Reisz would have laughed at such a request from Edna. Madame Lebrun might have enjoyed the outing, but for some reason Edna did not want her. So they went alone, she and Arobin.
The afternoon was intensely interesting to her. The excitement came back upon her like a remittent fever. Her talk grew familiar and confidential. It was no labor to become intimate with Arobin. His manner invited easy confidence. The preliminary stage of becoming acquainted was one which he always endeavored to ignore when a pretty and engaging woman was concerned.
He stayed and dined with Edna. He stayed and sat beside the wood fire. They laughed and talked; and before it was time to go he was telling her how different life might have been if he had known her years before. With ingenuous frankness he spoke of what a wicked, ill-disciplined boy he had been, and impulsively drew up his cuff to exhibit upon his wrist the scar from a saber cut which he had received in a duel outside of Paris when he was nineteen. She touched his hand as she scanned the red cicatrice on the inside of his white wrist. A quick impulse that was somewhat spasmodic impelled her fingers to close in a sort of clutch upon his hand. He felt the pressure of her pointed nails in the flesh of his palm.
"The sight of a wound or scar always agitates and sickens me," she said. "I shouldn't have looked at it."
"I beg your pardon," he entreated, following her; "it never occurred to me that it might be repulsive."
He stood close to her, and the effrontery in his eyes repelled the old, vanishing self in her, yet drew all her awakening sensuousness. He saw enough in her face to impel him to take her hand and hold it while he said his lingering good night.
"No," she said. "I've had enough of the races. I don't want to lose all the money I've won, and I've got to work when the weather is bright, instead of - "
"Yes; work; to be sure. You promised to show me your work. What morning may I come up to your atelier? To-morrow?"
"Oh, please don't refuse me! I know something of such things. I might help you with a stray suggestion or two."
"No. Good night. Why don't you go after you have said good night? I don't like you," she went on in a high, excited pitch, attempting to draw away her hand. She felt that her words lacked dignity and sincerity, and she knew that he felt it.
"I'm sorry you don't like me. I'm sorry I offended you. How have I offended you? What have I done? Can't you forgive me?" And he bent and pressed his lips upon her hand as if he wished never more to withdraw them.
"Mr. Arobin," she complained, "I'm greatly upset by the excitement of the afternoon; I'm not myself. My manner must have misled you in some way. I wish you to go, please." She spoke in a monotonous, dull tone. He took his hat from the table, and stood with eyes turned from her, looking into the dying fire. For a moment or two he kept an impressive silence.
"Your manner has not misled me, Mrs. Pontellier," he said finally. "My own emotions have done that. I couldn't help it. When I'm near you, how could I help it? Don't think anything of it, don't bother, please. You see, I go when you command me. If you wish me to stay away, I shall do so. If you let me come back, I - oh! you will let me come back?"
He cast one appealing glance at her, to which she made no response. Alcee Arobin's manner was so genuine that it often deceived even himself.
Edna did not care or think whether it were genuine or not. When she was alone she looked mechanically at the back of her hand which he had kissed so warmly. Then she leaned her head down on the mantelpiece. She felt somewhat like a woman who in a moment of passion is betrayed into an act of infidelity, and realizes the significance of the act without being wholly awakened from its glamour. The thought was passing vaguely through her mind, "What would he think?"
She did not mean her husband; she was thinking of Robert Lebrun. Her husband seemed to her now like a person whom she had married without love as an excuse.
She lit a candle and went up to her room. Alcee Arobin was absolutely nothing to her. Yet his presence, his manners, the warmth of his glances, and above all the touch of his lips upon her hand had acted like a narcotic upon her.
Alcee Arobin wrote Edna an elaborate note of apology, palpitant with sincerity. It embarrassed her; for in a cooler, quieter moment it appeared to her, absurd that she should have taken his action so seriously, so dramatically. She felt sure that the significance of the whole occurrence had lain in her own self-consciousness. If she ignored his note it would give undue importance to a trivial affair. If she replied to it in a serious spirit it would still leave in his mind the impression that she had in a susceptible moment yielded to his influence. After all, it was no great matter to have one's hand kissed. She was provoked at his having written the apology. She answered in as light and bantering a spirit as she fancied it deserved, and said she would be glad to have him look in upon her at work whenever he felt the inclination and his business gave him the opportunity.
He responded at once by presenting himself at her home with all his disarming naivete. And then there was scarcely a day which followed that she did not see him or was not reminded of him. He was prolific in pretexts. His attitude became one of good-humored subservience and tacit adoration. He was ready at all times to submit to her moods, which were as often kind as they were cold. She grew accustomed to him. They became intimate and friendly by imperceptible degrees, and then by leaps. He sometimes talked in a way that astonished her at first and brought the crimson into her face; in a way that pleased her at last, appealing to the animalism that stirred impatiently within her.
There was nothing which so quieted the turmoil of Edna's senses as a visit to Mademoiselle Reisz. It was then, in the presence of that personality which was offensive to her, that the woman, by her divine art, seemed to reach Edna's spirit and set it free.
It was misty, with heavy, lowering atmosphere, one afternoon, when Edna climbed the stairs to the pianist's apartments under the roof. Her clothes were dripping with moisture. She felt chilled and pinched as she entered the room. Mademoiselle was poking at a rusty stove that smoked a little and warmed the room indifferently. She was endeavoring to heat a pot of chocolate on the stove. The room looked cheerless and dingy to Edna as she entered. A bust of Beethoven, covered with a hood of dust, scowled at her from the mantelpiece.
"Ah! here comes the sunlight!" exclaimed Mademoiselle, rising from her knees before the stove. "Now it will be warm and bright enough; I can let the fire alone."
She closed the stove door with a bang, and approaching, assisted in removing Edna's dripping mackintosh.
"You are cold; you look miserable. The chocolate will soon be hot. But would you rather have a taste of brandy? I have scarcely touched the bottle which you brought me for my cold." A piece of red flannel was wrapped around Mademoiselle's throat; a stiff neck compelled her to hold her head on one side.
"I will take some brandy," said Edna, shivering as she removed her gloves and overshoes. She drank the liquor from the glass as a man would have done. Then flinging herself upon the uncomfortable sofa she said, "Mademoiselle, I am going to move away from my house on Esplanade Street."
"Ah!" ejaculated the musician, neither surprised nor especially interested. Nothing ever seemed to astonish her very much. She was endeavoring to adjust the bunch of violets which had become loose from its fastening in her hair. Edna drew her down upon the sofa, and taking a pin from her own hair, secured the shabby artificial flowers in their accustomed place.
"Just two steps away," laughed Edna, "in a little four-room house around the corner. It looks so cozy, so inviting and restful, whenever I pass by; and it's for rent. I'm tired looking after that big house. It never seemed like mine, anyway - like home. It's too much trouble. I have to keep too many servants. I am tired bothering with them."
"That is not your true reason, ma belle. There is no use in telling me lies. I don't know your reason, but you have not told me the truth." Edna did not protest or endeavor to justify herself.
"They are your husband's," returned Mademoiselle, with a shrug and a malicious elevation of the eyebrows.
"Oh! I see there is no deceiving you. Then let me tell you: It is a caprice. I have a little money of my own from my mother's estate, which my father sends me by driblets. I won a large sum this winter on the races, and I am beginning to sell my sketches. Laidpore is more and more pleased with my work; he says it grows in force and individuality. I cannot judge of that myself, but I feel that I have gained in ease and confidence. However, as I said, I have sold a good many through Laidpore. I can live in the tiny house for little or nothing, with one servant. Old Celestine, who works occasionally for me, says she will come stay with me and do my work. I know I shall like it, like the feeling of freedom and independence."
"I have not told him yet. I only thought of it this morning. He will think I am demented, no doubt. Perhaps you think so."
Neither was it quite clear to Edna herself; but it unfolded itself as she sat for a while in silence. Instinct had prompted her to put away her husband's bounty in casting off her allegiance. She did not know how it would be when he returned. There would have to be an understanding, an explanation. Conditions would some way adjust themselves, she felt; but whatever came, she had resolved never again to belong to another than herself.
"I shall give a grand dinner before I leave the old house!" Edna exclaimed. "You will have to come to it, Mademoiselle. I will give you everything that you like to eat and to drink. We shall sing and laugh and be merry for once." And she uttered a sigh that came from the very depths of her being.
If Mademoiselle happened to have received a letter from Robert during the interval of Edna's visits, she would give her the letter unsolicited. And she would seat herself at the piano and play as her humor prompted her while the young woman read the letter.
The little stove was roaring; it was red-hot, and the chocolate in the tin sizzled and sputtered. Edna went forward and opened the stove door, and Mademoiselle rising, took a letter from under the bust of Beethoven and handed it to Edna.
"Another! so soon!" she exclaimed, her eyes filled with delight. "Tell me, Mademoiselle, does he know that I see his letters?"
"Never in the world! He would be angry and would never write to me again if he thought so. Does he write to you? Never a line. Does he send you a message? Never a word. It is because he loves you, poor fool, and is trying to forget you, since you are not free to listen to him or to belong to him."
"Haven't you begged for them? Can I refuse you anything? Oh! you cannot deceive me," and Mademoiselle approached her beloved instrument and began to play. Edna did not at once read the letter. She sat holding it in her hand, while the music penetrated her whole being like an effulgence, warming and brightening the dark places of her soul. It prepared her for joy and exultation.
"Oh!" she exclaimed, letting the letter fall to the floor. "Why did you not tell me?" She went and grasped Mademoiselle's hands up from the keys. "Oh! unkind! malicious! Why did you not tell me?"
"But why? Why is he coming? Oh, if I thought - " and she snatched the letter from the floor and turned the pages this way and that way, looking for the reason, which was left untold.
"If I were young and in love with a man," said Mademoiselle, turning on the stool and pressing her wiry hands between her knees as she looked down at Edna, who sat on the floor holding the letter, "it seems to me he would have to be some grand esprit; a man with lofty aims and ability to reach them; one who stood high enough to attract the notice of his fellow-men. It seems to me if I were young and in love I should never deem a man of ordinary caliber worthy of my devotion."
"Now it is you who are telling lies and seeking to deceive me, Mademoiselle; or else you have never been in love, and know nothing about it. Why," went on Edna, clasping her knees and looking up into Mademoiselle's twisted face, "do you suppose a woman knows why she loves? Does she select? Does she say to herself: `Go to! Here is a distinguished statesman with presidential possibilities; I shall proceed to fall in love with him.' Or, `I shall set my heart upon this musician, whose fame is on every tongue?' Or, `This financier, who controls the world's money markets?'
"Yes," said Edna. It was the first time she had admitted it, and a glow overspread her face, blotching it with red spots.
Edna, with a motion or two, dragged herself on her knees before Mademoiselle Reisz, who took the glowing face between her two hands.
"Why? Because his hair is brown and grows away from his temples; because he opens and shuts his eyes, and his nose is a little out of drawing; because he has two lips and a square chin, and a little finger which he can't straighten from having played baseball too energetically in his youth. Because - "
She was already glad and happy to be alive at the mere thought of his return. The murky, lowering sky, which had depressed her a few hours before, seemed bracing and invigorating as she splashed through the streets on her way home.
She stopped at a confectioner's and ordered a huge box of bonbons for the children in Iberville. She slipped a card in the box, on which she scribbled a tender message and sent an abundance of kisses.
Before dinner in the evening Edna wrote a charming letter to her husband, telling him of her intention to move for a while into the little house around the block, and to give a farewell dinner before leaving, regretting that he was not there to share it, to help out with the menu and assist her in entertaining the guests. Her letter was brilliant and brimming with cheerfulness.
"What is the matter with you?" asked Arobin that evening. "I never found you in such a happy mood." Edna was tired by that time, and was reclining on the lounge before the fire.
"Well, that ought to be reason enough," he acquiesced. "You wouldn't give me another if I sat here all night imploring you." He sat close to her on a low tabouret, and as he spoke his fingers lightly touched the hair that fell a little over her forehead. She liked the touch of his fingers through her hair, and closed her eyes sensitively.
"One of these days," she said, "I'm going to pull myself together for a while and think - try to determine what character of a woman I am; for, candidly, I don't know. By all the codes which I am acquainted with, I am a devilishly wicked specimen of the sex. But some way I can't convince myself that I am. I must think about it."
"Don't. What's the use? Why should you bother thinking about it when I can tell you what manner of woman you are." His fingers strayed occasionally down to her warm, smooth cheeks and firm chin, which was growing a little full and double.
"Oh, yes! You will tell me that I am adorable; everything that is captivating. Spare yourself the effort."
"She says queer things sometimes in a bantering way that you don't notice at the time and you find yourself thinking about afterward."
"Well, for instance, when I left her to-day, she put her arms around me and felt my shoulder blades, to see if my wings were strong, she said. `The bird that would soar above the level plain of tradition and prejudice must have strong wings. It is a sad spectacle to see the weaklings bruised, exhausted, fluttering back to earth.' "Whither would you soar?"
"I'm told she's extremely disagreeable and unpleasant. Why have you introduced her at a moment when I desired to talk of you?"
"Oh! talk of me if you like," cried Edna, clasping her hands beneath her head; "but let me think of something else while you do."
"I'm jealous of your thoughts tonight. They're making you a little kinder than usual; but some way I feel as if they were wandering, as if they were not here with me." She only looked at him and smiled. His eyes were very near. He leaned upon the lounge with an arm extended across her, while the other hand still rested upon her hair. They continued silently to look into each other's eyes. When he leaned forward and kissed her, she clasped his head, holding his lips to hers.
It was the first kiss of her life to which her nature had really responded. It was a flaming torch that kindled desire.
Edna cried a little that night after Arobin left her. It was only one phase of the multitudinous emotions which had assailed her. There was with her an overwhelming feeling of irresponsibility. There was the shock of the unexpected and the unaccustomed. There was her husband's reproach looking at her from the external things around her which he had provided for her external existence. There was Robert's reproach making itself felt by a quicker, fiercer, more overpowering love, which had awakened within her toward him. Above all, there was understanding. She felt as if a mist had been lifted from her eyes, enabling her to took upon and comprehend the significance of life, that monster made up of beauty and brutality. But among the conflicting sensations which assailed her, there was neither shame nor remorse. There was a dull pang of regret because it was not the kiss of love which had inflamed her, because it was not love which had held this cup of life to her lips.
Without even waiting for an answer from her husband regarding his opinion or wishes in the matter, Edna hastened her preparations for quitting her home on Esplanade Street and moving into the little house around the block. A feverish anxiety attended her every action in that direction. There was no moment of deliberation, no interval of repose between the thought and its fulfillment. Early upon the morning following those hours passed in Arobin's society, Edna set about securing her new abode and hurrying her arrangements for occupying it. Within the precincts of her home she felt like one who has entered and lingered within the portals of some forbidden temple in which a thousand muffled voices bade her begone.
Whatever was her own in the house, everything which she had acquired aside from her husband's bounty, she caused to be transported to the other house, supplying simple and meager deficiencies from her own resources.
Arobin found her with rolled sleeves, working in company with the house-maid when he looked in during the afternoon. She was splendid and robust, and had never appeared handsomer than in the old blue gown, with a red silk handkerchief knotted at random around her head to protect her hair from the dust. She was mounted upon a high stepladder, unhooking a picture from the wall when he entered. He had found the front door open, and had followed his ring by walking in unceremoniously.
"Come down!" he said. "Do you want to kill yourself?" She greeted him with affected carelessness, and appeared absorbed in her occupation.
If he had expected to find her languishing, reproachful, or indulging in sentimental tears, he must have been greatly surprised.
He was no doubt prepared for any emergency, ready for any one of the foregoing attitudes, just as he bent himself easily and naturally to the situation which confronted him.
"No," she answered; "Ellen is afraid to mount the ladder. Joe is working over at the `pigeon house' - that's the name Ellen gives it, because it's so small and looks like a pigeon house - and some one has to do this."
Arobin pulled off his coat, and expressed himself ready and willing to tempt fate in her place. Ellen brought him one of her dust-caps, and went into contortions of mirth, which she found it impossible to control, when she saw him put it on before the mirror as grotesquely as he could. Edna herself could not refrain from smiling when she fastened it at his request. So it was he who in turn mounted the ladder, unhooking pictures and curtains, and dislodging ornaments as Edna directed. When he had finished he took off his dust-cap and went out to wash his hands.
Edna was sitting on the tabouret, idly brushing the tips of a feather duster along the carpet when he came in again.
"That is all," she answered. "Ellen can manage the rest." She kept the young woman occupied in the drawing-room, unwilling to be left alone with Arobin.
"It will be day after to-morrow. Why do you call it the `coup d'etat?' Oh! it will be very fine; all my best of everything - crystal, silver and gold, Sevres, flowers, music, and champagne to swim in. I'll let Leonce pay the bills. I wonder what he'll say when he sees the bills.
"And you ask me why I call it a coup d'etat?" Arobin had put on his coat, and he stood before her and asked if his cravat was plumb. She told him it was, looking no higher than the tip of his collar.
"Ellen, will you very kindly get me a glass of water?" asked Arobin. "The dust in the curtains, if you will pardon me for hinting such a thing, has parched my throat to a crisp."
"While Ellen gets the water," said Edna, rising, "I will say good-by and let you go. I must get rid of this grime, and I have a million things to do and think of."
"Not before? - not to-night or to-morrow morning or tomorrow noon or night? or the day after morning or noon? Can't you see yourself, without my telling you, what an eternity it is?"
He had followed her into the hall and to the foot of the stairway, looking up at her as she mounted with her face half turned to him.
"Not an instant sooner," she said. But she laughed and looked at him with eyes that at once gave him courage to wait and made it torture to wait.
Though Edna had spoken of the dinner as a very grand affair, it was in truth a very small affair and very select, in so much as the guests invited were few and were selected with discrimination. She had counted upon an even dozen seating themselves at her round mahogany board, forgetting for the moment that Madame Ratignolle was to the last degree souffrante and unpresentable, and not foreseeing that Madame Lebrun would send a thousand regrets at the last moment. So there were only ten, after all, which made a cozy, comfortable number.
There were Mr. and Mrs. Merriman, a pretty, vivacious little woman in the thirties; her husband, a jovial fellow, something of a shallow-pate, who laughed a good deal at other people's witticisms, and had thereby made himself extremely popular. Mrs. Highcamp had accompanied them. Of course, there was Alcee Arobin; and Mademoiselle Reisz had consented to come. Edna had sent her a fresh bunch of violets with black lace trimmings for her hair. Monsieur Ratignolle brought himself and his wife's excuses. Victor Lebrun, who happened to be in the city, bent upon relaxation, had accepted with alacrity. There was a Miss Mayblunt, no longer in her teens, who looked at the world through lorgnettes and with the keenest interest. It was thought and said that she was intellectual; it was suspected of her that she wrote under a nom de guerre. She had come with a gentleman by the name of Gouvernail, connected with one of the daily papers, of whom nothing special could be said, except that he was observant and seemed quiet and inoffensive. Edna herself made the tenth, and at half-past eight they seated themselves at table, Arobin and Monsieur Ratignolle on either side of their hostess.
There was something extremely gorgeous about the appearance of the table, an effect of splendor conveyed by a cover of pale yellow satin under strips of lace-work. There were wax candles, in massive brass candelabra, burning softly under yellow silk shades; full, fragrant roses, yellow and red, abounded. There were silver and gold, as she had said there would be, and crystal which glittered like the gems which the women wore.
The ordinary stiff dining chairs had been discarded for the occasion and replaced by the most commodious and luxurious which could be collected throughout the house. Mademoiselle Reisz, being exceedingly diminutive, was elevated upon cushions, as small children are sometimes hoisted at table upon bulky volumes.
"Something new, Edna?" exclaimed Miss Mayblunt, with lorgnette directed toward a magnificent cluster of diamonds that sparkled, that almost sputtered, in Edna's hair, just over the center of her forehead.
"Quite new; `brand' new, in fact; a present from my husband. It arrived this morning from New York. I may as well admit that this is my birthday, and that I am twenty-nine. In good time I expect you to drink my health. Meanwhile, I shall ask you to begin with this cocktail, composed - would you say `composed?'" with an appeal to Miss Mayblunt - "composed by my father in honor of Sister Janet's wedding."
"Then, all things considered," spoke Arobin, "it might not be amiss to start out by drinking the Colonel's health in the cocktail which he composed, on the birthday of the most charming of women - the daughter whom he invented."
Mr. Merriman's laugh at this sally was such a genuine outburst and so contagious that it started the dinner with an agreeable swing that never slackened.
Miss Mayblunt begged to be allowed to keep her cocktail untouched before her, just to look at. The color was marvelous! She could compare it to nothing she had ever seen, and the garnet lights which it emitted were unspeakably rare. She pronounced the Colonel an artist, and stuck to it.
Monsieur Ratignolle was prepared to take things seriously; the mets, the entre-mets, the service, the decorations, even the people. He looked up from his pompano and inquired of Arobin if he were related to the gentleman of that name who formed one of the firm of Laitner and Arobin, lawyers. The young man admitted that Laitner was a warm personal friend, who permitted Arobin's name to decorate the firm's letterheads and to appear upon a shingle that graced Perdido Street.
"There are so many inquisitive people and institutions abounding," said Arobin, "that one is really forced as a matter of convenience these days to assume the virtue of an occupation if he has it not." Monsieur Ratignolle stared a little, and turned to ask Mademoiselle Reisz if she considered the symphony concerts up to the standard which had been set the previous winter. Mademoiselle Reisz answered Monsieur Ratignolle in French, which Edna thought a little rude, under the circumstances, but characteristic. Mademoiselle had only disagreeable things to say of the symphony concerts, and insulting remarks to make of all the musicians of New Orleans, singly and collectively. All her interest seemed to be centered upon the delicacies placed before her.
Mr. Merriman said that Mr. Arobin's remark about inquisitive people reminded him of a man from Waco the other day at the St. Charles Hotel - but as Mr. Merriman's stories were always lame and lacking point, his wife seldom permitted him to complete them. She interrupted him to ask if he remembered the name of the author whose book she had bought the week before to send to a friend in Geneva. She was talking "books" with Mr. Gouvernail and trying to draw from him his opinion upon current literary topics. Her husband told the story of the Waco man privately to Miss Mayblunt, who pretended to be greatly amused and to think it extremely clever.
Mrs. Highcamp hung with languid but unaffected interest upon the warm and impetuous volubility of her left-hand neighbor, Victor Lebrun. Her attention was never for a moment withdrawn from him after seating herself at table; and when he turned to Mrs. Merriman, who was prettier and more vivacious than Mrs. Highcamp, she waited with easy indifference for an opportunity to reclaim his attention. There was the occasional sound of music, of mandolins, sufficiently removed to be an agreeable accompaniment rather than an interruption to the conversation. Outside the soft, monotonous splash of a fountain could be heard; the sound penetrated into the room with the heavy odor of jessamine that came through the open windows.
The golden shimmer of Edna's satin gown spread in rich folds on either side of her. There was a soft fall of lace encircling her shoulders. It was the color of her skin, without the glow, the myriad living tints that one may sometimes discover in vibrant flesh. There was something in her attitude, in her whole appearance when she leaned her head against the high-backed chair and spread her arms, which suggested the regal woman, the one who rules, who looks on, who stands alone.
But as she sat there amid her guests, she felt the old ennui overtaking her; the hopelessness which so often assailed her, which came upon her like an obsession, like something extraneous, independent of volition. It was something which announced itself; a chill breath that seemed to issue from some vast cavern wherein discords waited. There came over her the acute longing which always summoned into her spiritual vision the presence of the beloved one, overpowering her at once with a sense of the unattainable.
The moments glided on, while a feeling of good fellowship passed around the circle like a mystic cord, holding and binding these people together with jest and laughter. Monsieur Ratignolle was the first to break the pleasant charm. At ten o'clock he excused himself. Madame Ratignolle was waiting for him at home. She was bien souffrante, and she was filled with vague dread, which only her husband's presence could allay.
Mademoiselle Reisz arose with Monsieur Ratignolle, who offered to escort her to the car. She had eaten well; she had tasted the good, rich wines, and they must have turned her head, for she bowed pleasantly to all as she withdrew from table. She kissed Edna upon the shoulder, and whispered: "Bonne nuit, ma reine; soyez sage." She had been a little bewildered upon rising, or rather, descending from her cushions, and Monsieur Ratignolle gallantly took her arm and led her away.
Mrs. Highcamp was weaving a garland of roses, yellow and red. When she had finished the garland, she laid it lightly upon Victor's black curls. He was reclining far back in the luxurious chair, holding a glass of champagne to the light.
As if a magician's wand had touched him, the garland of roses transformed him into a vision of Oriental beauty. His cheeks were the color of crushed grapes, and his dusky eyes glowed with a languishing fire.
But Mrs. Highcamp had one more touch to add to the picture. She took from the back of her chair a white silken scarf, with which she had covered her shoulders in the early part of the evening. She draped it across the boy in graceful folds, and in a way to conceal his black, conventional evening dress. He did not seem to mind what she did to him, only smiled, showing a faint gleam of white teeth, while he continued to gaze with narrowing eyes at the light through his glass of champagne.
"Oh! to be able to paint in color rather than in words!" exclaimed Miss Mayblunt, losing herself in a rhapsodic dream as she looked at him,
"`There was a graven image of Desire Painted with red blood on a ground of gold.'" murmured Gouvernail, under his breath.
The effect of the wine upon Victor was to change his accustomed volubility into silence. He seemed to have abandoned himself to a reverie, and to be seeing pleasing visions in the amber bead.
"I believe he's paralyzed," laughed Mrs. Merriman. And leaning over the youth's chair, she took the glass from his hand and held it to his lips. He sipped the wine slowly, and when he had drained the glass she laid it upon the table and wiped his lips with her little filmy handkerchief.
"Yes, I'll sing for you," he said, turning in his chair toward Mrs. Highcamp. He clasped his hands behind his head, and looking up at the ceiling began to hum a little, trying his voice like a musician tuning an instrument. Then, looking at Edna, he began to sing:
"Stop!" she cried, "don't sing that. I don't want you to sing it," and she laid her glass so impetuously and blindly upon the table as to shatter it against a carafe. The wine spilled over Arobin's legs and some of it trickled down upon Mrs. Highcamp's black gauze gown. Victor had lost all idea of courtesy, or else he thought his hostess was not in earnest, for he laughed and went on:
"Oh! you mustn't! you mustn't," exclaimed Edna, and pushing back her chair she got up, and going behind him placed her hand over his mouth. He kissed the soft palm that pressed upon his lips.
"No, no, I won't, Mrs. Pontellier. I didn't know you meant it," looking up at her with caressing eyes. The touch of his lips was like a pleasing sting to her hand. She lifted the garland of roses from his head and flung it across the room.
Mrs. Highcamp undraped the scarf from about him with her own hands. Miss Mayblunt and Mr. Gouvernail suddenly conceived the notion that it was time to say good night. And Mr. and Mrs. Merriman wondered how it could be so late.
Before parting from Victor, Mrs. Highcamp invited him to call upon her daughter, who she knew would be charmed to meet him and talk French and sing French songs with him. Victor expressed his desire and intention to call upon Miss Highcamp at the first opportunity which presented itself. He asked if Arobin were going his way. Arobin was not.
The mandolin players had long since stolen away. A profound stillness had fallen upon the broad, beautiful street. The voices of Edna's disbanding guests jarred like a discordant note upon the quiet harmony of the night.
"Well," she reiterated, and stood up, stretching her arms, and feeling the need to relax her muscles after having been so long seated.
"The servants are all gone. They left when the musicians did. I have dismissed them. The house has to be closed and locked, and I shall trot around to the pigeon house, and shall send Celestine over in the morning to straighten things up."
"I think it is all right; but there may be a window or two unlatched. We had better look; you might take a candle and see. And bring me my wrap and hat on the foot of the bed in the middle room."
He went up with the light, and Edna began closing doors and windows. She hated to shut in the smoke and the fumes of the wine. Arobin found her cape and hat, which he brought down and helped her to put on.
When everything was secured and the lights put out, they left through the front door, Arobin locking it and taking the key, which he carried for Edna. He helped her down the steps.
She seemed disheartened, and had nothing to say. She took his arm, which he offered her, holding up the weight of her satin train with the other hand. She looked down, noticing the black line of his leg moving in and out so close to her against the yellow shimmer of her gown. There was the whistle of a railway train somewhere in the distance, and the midnight bells were ringing. They met no one in their short walk.
The "pigeon house" stood behind a locked gate, and a shallow parterre that had been somewhat neglected. There was a small front porch, upon which a long window and the front door opened. The door opened directly into the parlor; there was no side entry. Back in the yard was a room for servants, in which old Celestine had been ensconced.
Edna had left a lamp burning low upon the table. She had succeeded in making the room look habitable and homelike. There were some books on the table and a lounge near at hand. On the floor was a fresh matting, covered with a rug or two; and on the walls hung a few tasteful pictures. But the room was filled with flowers. These were a surprise to her. Arobin had sent them, and had had Celestine distribute them during Edna's absence. Her bedroom was adjoining, and across a small passage were the diningroom and kitchen.
"Yes, and chilled, and miserable. I feel as if I had been wound up to a certain pitch - too tight - and something inside of me had snapped." She rested her head against the table upon her bare arm.
He stood up beside her and smoothed her hair with his soft, magnetic hand. His touch conveyed to her a certain physical comfort. She could have fallen quietly asleep there if he had continued to pass his hand over her hair. He brushed the hair upward from the nape of her neck.
"I hope you will feel better and happier in the morning," he said. "You have tried to do too much in the past few days. The dinner was the last straw; you might have dispensed with it."
"No, it was delightful; but it has worn you out." His hand had strayed to her beautiful shoulders, and he could feel the response of her flesh to his touch. He seated himself beside her and kissed her lightly upon the shoulder.
He did not answer, except to continue to caress her. He did not say good night until she had become supple to his gentle, seductive entreaties.
When Mr. Pontellier learned of his wife's intention to abandon her home and take up her residence elsewhere, he immediately wrote her a letter of unqualified disapproval and remonstrance. She had given reasons which he was unwilling to acknowledge as adequate. He hoped she had not acted upon her rash impulse; and he begged her to consider first, foremost, and above all else, what people would say. He was not dreaming of scandal when he uttered this warning; that was a thing which would never have entered into his mind to consider in connection with his wife's name or his own. He was simply thinking of his financial integrity. It might get noised about that the Pontelliers had met with reverses, and were forced to conduct their menage on a humbler scale than heretofore. It might do incalculable mischief to his business prospects.
But remembering Edna's whimsical turn of mind of late, and foreseeing that she had immediately acted upon her impetuous determination, he grasped the situation with his usual promptness and handled it with his well-known business tact and cleverness.
The same mail which brought. to Edna his letter of disapproval carried instructions - the most minute instructions - to a well-known architect concerning the remodeling of his home, changes which he had long contemplated, and which he desired carried forward during his temporary absence.
Expert and reliable packers and movers were engaged to convey the furniture, carpets, pictures - everything movable, in short - to places of security. And in an incredibly short time the Pontellier house was turned over to the artisans. There was to be an addition - a small snuggery; there was to be frescoing, and hardwood flooring was to be put into such rooms as had not yet been subjected to this improvement.
Furthermore, in one of the daily papers appeared a brief notice to the effect that Mr. and Mrs. Pontellier were contemplating a summer sojourn abroad, and that their handsome residence on Esplanade Street was undergoing sumptuous alterations, and would not be ready for occupancy until their return. Mr. Pontellier had saved appearances!
Edna admired the skill of his maneuver, and avoided any occasion to balk his intentions. When the situation as set forth by Mr. Pontellier was accepted and taken for granted, she was apparently satisfied that it should be so.
The pigeon house pleased her. It at once assumed the intimate character of a home, while she herself invested it with a charm which it reflected like a warm glow. There was with her a feeling of having descended in the social scale, with a corresponding sense of having risen in the spiritual. Every step which she took toward relieving herself from obligations added to her strength and expansion as an individual. She began to look with her own eyes; to see and to apprehend the deeper undercurrents of life. No longer was she content to "feed upon opinion" when her own soul had invited her.
After a little while, a few days, in fact, Edna went up and spent a week with her children in Iberville. They were delicious February days, with all the summer's promise hovering in the air.
How glad she was to see the children! She wept for very pleasure when she felt their little arms clasping her; their hard, ruddy cheeks pressed against her own glowing cheeks. She looked into their faces with hungry eyes that could not be satisfied with looking. And what stories they had to tell their mother! About the pigs, the cows, the mules! About riding to the mill behind Gluglu; fishing back in the lake with their Uncle Jasper; picking pecans with Lidie's little black brood, and hauling chips in their express wagon. It was a thousand times more fun to haul real chips for old lame Susie's real fire than to drag painted blocks along the banquette on Esplanade Street!
She went with them herself to see the pigs and the cows, to look at the darkies laying the cane, to thrash the pecan trees, and catch fish in the back lake. She lived with them a whole week long, giving them all of herself, and gathering and filling herself with their young existence. They listened, breathless, when she told them the house in Esplanade Street was crowded with workmen, hammering, nailing, sawing, and filling the place with clatter. They wanted. to know where their bed was; what had been done with their rocking-horse; and where did Joe sleep, and where had Ellen gone, and the cook? But, above all, they were fired with a desire to see the little house around the block. Was there any place to play? Were there any boys next door? Raoul, with pessimistic foreboding, was convinced that there were only girls next door. Where would they sleep, and where would papa sleep? She told them the fairies would fix it all right.
The old Madame was charmed with Edna's visit, and showered all manner of delicate attentions upon her. She was delighted to know that the Esplanade Street house was in a dismantled condition. It gave her the promise and pretext to keep the children indefinitely.
It was with a wrench and a pang that Edna left her children. She carried away with her the sound of their voices and the touch of their cheeks. All along the journey homeward their presence lingered with her like the memory of a delicious song. But by the time she had regained the city the song no longer echoed in her soul. She was again alone.
It happened sometimes when Edna went to see Mademoiselle Reisz that the little musician was absent, giving a lesson or making some small necessary household purchase. The key was always left in a secret hiding-place in the entry, which Edna knew. If Mademoiselle happened to be away, Edna would usually enter and wait for her return.
When she knocked at Mademoiselle Reisz's door one afternoon there was no response; so unlocking the door, as usual, she entered and found the apartment deserted, as she had expected. Her day had been quite filled up, and it was for a rest, for a refuge, and to talk about Robert, that she sought out her friend.
She had worked at her canvas - a young Italian character study - all the morning, completing the work without the model; but there had been many interruptions, some incident to her modest housekeeping, and others of a social nature.
Madame Ratignolle had dragged herself over, avoiding the too public thoroughfares, she said. She complained that Edna had neglected her much of late. Besides, she was consumed with curiosity to see the little house and the manner in which it was conducted. She wanted to hear all about the dinner party; Monsieur Ratignolle had left so early. What had happened after he left? The champagne and grapes which Edna sent over were TOO delicious. She had so little appetite; they had refreshed and toned her stomach. Where on earth was she going to put Mr. Pontellier in that little house, and the boys? And then she made Edna promise to go to her when her hour of trial overtook her.
"In some way you seem to me like a child, Edna. You seem to act without a certain amount of reflection which is necessary in this life. That is the reason I want to say you mustn't mind if I advise you to be a little careful while you are living here alone. Why don't you have some one come and stay with you? Wouldn't Mademoiselle Reisz come?"
"Well, the reason - you know how evil-minded the world is - some one was talking of Alcee Arobin visiting you. Of course, it wouldn't matter if Mr. Arobin had not such a dreadful reputation. Monsieur Ratignolle was telling me that his attentions alone are considered enough to ruin a woman s name."
"No, I think not. I believe he is a decent fellow as far as that goes. But his character is so well known among the men. I shan't be able to come back and see you; it was very, very imprudent to-day."
"Don't neglect me," entreated Madame Ratignolle; "and don't mind what I said about Arobin, or having some one to stay with you.
"Of course not," Edna laughed. "You may say anything you like to me." They kissed each other good-by. Madame Ratignolle had not far to go, and Edna stood on the porch a while watching her walk down the street.
Then in the afternoon Mrs. Merriman and Mrs. Highcamp had made their "party call." Edna felt that they might have dispensed with the formality. They had also come to invite her to play vingt-et-un one evening at Mrs. Merriman's. She was asked to go early, to dinner, and Mr. Merriman or Mr. Arobin would take her home. Edna accepted in a half-hearted way. She sometimes felt very tired of Mrs. Highcamp and Mrs. Merriman.
Late in the afternoon she sought refuge with Mademoiselle Reisz, and stayed there alone, waiting for her, feeling a kind of repose invade her with the very atmosphere of the shabby, unpretentious little room.
Edna sat at the window, which looked out over the house-tops and across the river. The window frame was filled with pots of flowers, and she sat and picked the dry leaves from a rose geranium. The day was warm, and the breeze which blew from the river was very pleasant. She removed her hat and laid it on the piano. She went on picking the leaves and digging around the plants with her hat pin. Once she thought she heard Mademoiselle Reisz approaching. But it was a young black girl, who came in, bringing a small bundle of laundry, which she deposited in the adjoining room, and went away.
Edna seated herself at the piano, and softly picked out with one hand the bars of a piece of music which lay open before her. A half-hour went by. There was the occasional sound of people going and coming in the lower hall. She was growing interested in her occupation of picking out the aria, when there was a second rap at the door. She vaguely wondered what these people did when they found Mademoiselle's door locked.
"Come in," she called, turning her face toward the door. And this time it was Robert Lebrun who presented himself. She attempted to rise; she could not have done so without betraying the agitation which mastered her at sight of him, so she fell back upon the stool, only exclaiming, "Why, Robert!"
"Mrs. Pontellier! How do you happen - oh! how well you look! Is Mademoiselle Reisz not here? I never expected to see you."
"When did you come back?" asked Edna in an unsteady voice, wiping her face with her handkerchief. She seemed ill at ease on the piano stool, and he begged her to take the chair by the window.
"I returned day before yesterday," he answered, while he leaned his arm on the keys, bringing forth a crash of discordant sound.
"Day before yesterday!" she repeated, aloud; and went on thinking to herself, "day before yesterday," in a sort of an uncomprehending way. She had pictured him seeking her at the very first hour, and he had lived under the same sky since day before yesterday; while only by accident had he stumbled upon her. Mademoiselle must have lied when she said, "Poor fool, he loves you."
"Day before yesterday," she repeated, breaking off a spray of Mademoiselle's geranium; "then if you had not met me here to-day you wouldn't - when - that is, didn't you mean to come and see me?"
"Of course, I should have gone to see you. There have been so many things - " he turned the leaves of Mademoiselle's music nervously. "I started in at once yesterday with the old firm. After all there is as much chance for me here as there was there - that is, I might find it profitable some day. The Mexicans were not very congenial."
So he had come back because the Mexicans were not congenial; because business was as profitable here as there; because of any reason, and not because he cared to be near her. She remembered the day she sat on the floor, turning the pages of his letter, seeking the reason which was left untold.
She had not noticed how he looked - only feeling his presence; but she turned deliberately and observed him. After all, he had been absent but a few months, and was not changed. His hair - the color of hers - waved back from his temples in the same way as before. His skin was not more burned than it had been at Grand Isle. She found in his eyes, when he looked at her for one silent moment, the same tender caress, with an added warmth and entreaty which had not been there before the same glance which had penetrated to the sleeping places of her soul and awakened them.
A hundred times Edna had pictured Robert's return, and imagined their first meeting. It was usually at her home, whither he had sought her out at once. She always fancied him expressing or betraying in some way his love for her. And here, the reality was that they sat ten feet apart, she at the window, crushing geranium leaves in her hand and smelling them, he twirling around on the piano stool, saying:
"I was very much surprised to hear of Mr. Pontellier's absence; it's a wonder Mademoiselle Reisz did not tell me; and your moving - mother told me yesterday. I should think you would have gone to New York with him, or to Iberville with the children, rather than be bothered here with housekeeping. And you are going abroad, too, I hear. We shan't have you at Grand Isle next summer; it won't seem - do you see much of Mademoiselle Reisz? She often spoke of you in the few letters she wrote."
"Do you remember that you promised to write to me when you went away?" A flush overspread his whole face.
"That is an excuse; it isn't the truth." Edna reached for her hat on the piano. She adjusted it, sticking the hat pin through the heavy coil of hair with some deliberation.
"No; I have found when she is absent this long, she is liable not to come back till late." She drew on her gloves, and Robert picked up his hat.
"Not if you think she will not be back till late," adding, as if suddenly aware of some discourtesy in his speech, "and I should miss the pleasure of walking home with you." Edna locked the door and put the key back in its hiding-place.
They went together, picking their way across muddy streets and sidewalks encumbered with the cheap display of small tradesmen. Part of the distance they rode in the car, and after disembarking, passed the Pontellier mansion, which looked broken and half torn asunder. Robert had never known the house, and looked at it with interest.
"Why?" She did not answer. They went on around the corner, and it seemed as if her dreams were coming true after all, when he followed her into the little house.
"You must stay and dine with me, Robert. You see I am all alone, and it is so long since I have seen you. There is so much I want to ask you."
She took off her hat and gloves. He stood irresolute, making some excuse about his mother who expected him; he even muttered something about an engagement. She struck a match and lit the lamp on the table; it was growing dusk. When he saw her face in the lamp-light, looking pained, with all the soft lines gone out of it, he threw his hat aside and seated himself.
"Oh! you know I want to stay if you will let me!" he exclaimed. All the softness came back. She laughed, and went and put her hand on his shoulder.
"This is the first moment you have seemed like the old Robert. I'll go tell Celestine." She hurried away to tell Celestine to set an extra place. She even sent her off in search of some added delicacy which she had not thought of for herself. And she recommended great care in dripping the coffee and having the omelet done to a proper turn.
When she reentered, Robert was turning over magazines, sketches, and things that lay upon the table in great disorder. He picked up a photograph, and exclaimed:
"I tried to make a sketch of his head one day," answered Edna, "and he thought the photograph might help me. It was at the other house. I thought it had been left there. I must have packed it up with my drawing materials."
"Oh! I have a great many such photographs. I never think of returning them. They don't amount to anything." Robert kept on looking at the picture.
"It seems to me - do you think his head worth drawing? Is he a friend of Mr. Pontellier's? You never said you knew him."
"He isn't a friend of Mr. Pontellier's; he's a friend of mine. I always knew him - that is, it is only of late that I know him pretty well. But I'd rather talk about you, and know what you have been seeing and doing and feeling out there in Mexico." Robert threw aside the picture.
"I've been seeing the waves and the white beach of Grand Isle; the quiet, grassy street of the Cheniere; the old fort at Grande Terre. I've been working like a machine, and feeling like a lost soul. There was nothing interesting."
"I've been seeing the waves and the white beach of Grand Isle; the quiet, grassy street of the Cheniere Caminada; the old sunny fort at Grande Terre. I've been working with a little more comprehension than a machine, and still feeling like a lost soul. There was nothing interesting."
"Mrs. Pontellier, you are cruel," he said, with feeling, closing his eyes and resting his head back in his chair. They remained in silence till old Celestine announced dinner.
The dining-room was very small. Edna's round mahogany would have almost filled it. As it was there was but a step or two from the little table to the kitchen, to the mantel, the small buffet, and the side door that opened out on the narrow brick-paved yard.
A certain degree of ceremony settled upon them with the announcement of dinner. There was no return to personalities. Robert related incidents of his sojourn in Mexico, and Edna talked of events likely to interest him, which had occurred during his absence. The dinner was of ordinary quality, except for the few delicacies which she had sent out to purchase. Old Celestine, with a bandana tignon twisted about her head, hobbled in and out, taking a personal interest in everything; and she lingered occasionally to talk patois with Robert, whom she had known as a boy.
He went out to a neighboring cigar stand to purchase cigarette papers, and when he came back he found that Celestine had served the black coffee in the parlor.
"You never tire me. You must have forgotten the hours and hours at Grand Isle in which we grew accustomed to each other and used to being together."
"I have forgotten nothing at Grand Isle," he said, not looking at her, but rolling a cigarette. His tobacco pouch, which he laid upon the table, was a fantastic embroidered silk affair, evidently the handiwork of a woman.
"You used to carry your tobacco in a rubber pouch," said Edna, picking up the pouch and examining the needlework.
"It was given to me by a Vera Cruz girl; they are very generous," he replied, striking a match and lighting his cigarette.
"They are very handsome, I suppose, those Mexican women; very picturesque, with their black eyes and their lace scarfs."
"Did you visit at her house? Was it interesting? I should like to know and hear about the people you met, and the impressions they made on you."
"There are some people who leave impressions not so lasting as the imprint of an oar upon the water."
"It would be ungenerous for me to admit that she was of that order and kind." He thrust the pouch back in his pocket, as if to put away the subject with the trifle which had brought it up.
Arobin dropped in with a message from Mrs. Merriman, to say that the card party was postponed on account of the illness of one of her children.
"But not well enough to keep you there. Stunning girls, though, in Mexico. I thought I should never get away from Vera Cruz when I was down there a couple of years ago."
"Oh! my! no! I didn't get so deep in their regard. I fear they made more impression on me than I made on them."
"I've been imposing myself long enough," said Robert, rising, and shaking hands with Edna. "Please convey my regards to Mr. Pontellier when you write."
"I knew him last summer at Grand Isle," she replied. "Here is that photograph of yours. Don't you want it?"
"I'm not going to Mrs. Merriman's," she said. "If you see her, tell her so. But perhaps I had better write. I think I shall write now, and say that I am sorry her child is sick, and tell her not to count on me."
Edna opened the blotter, and having procured paper and pen, began to write the note. Arobin lit a cigar and read the evening paper, which he had in his pocket.
"Certainly." He read to her little bits out of the newspaper, while she straightened things on the table.
"What do you want to do?" he asked, throwing aside the paper. "Do you want to go out for a walk or a drive or anything? It would be a fine night to drive."
"I have said it before, but I don't think I ever came so near meaning it," he answered with a smile. There were no warm lights in her eyes; only a dreamy, absent look.
She stayed alone in a kind of reverie - a sort of stupor. Step by step she lived over every instant of the time she had been with Robert after he had entered Mademoiselle Reisz's door. She recalled his words, his looks. How few and meager they had been for her hungry heart! A vision - a transcendently seductive vision of a Mexican girl arose before her. She writhed with a jealous pang. She wondered when he would come back. He had not said he would come back. She had been with him, had heard his voice and touched his hand. But some way he had seemed nearer to her off there in Mexico.
The morning was full of sunlight and hope. Edna could see before her no denial - only the promise of excessive joy. She lay in bed awake, with bright eyes full of speculation. "He loves you, poor fool." If she could but get that conviction firmly fixed in her mind, what mattered about the rest? She felt she had been childish and unwise the night before in giving herself over to despondency. She recapitulated the motives which no doubt explained Robert's reserve. They were not insurmountable; they would not hold if he really loved her; they could not hold against her own passion, which he must come to realize in time. She pictured him going to his business that morning. She even saw how he was dressed; how he walked down one street, and turned the corner of another; saw him bending over his desk, talking to people who entered the office, going to his lunch, and perhaps watching for her on the street. He would come to her in the afternoon or evening, sit and roll his cigarette, talk a little, and go away as he had done the night before. But how delicious it would be to have him there with her! She would have no regrets, nor seek to penetrate his reserve if he still chose to wear it.
Edna ate her breakfast only half dressed. The maid brought her a delicious printed scrawl from Raoul, expressing his love, asking her to send him some bonbons, and telling her they had found that morning ten tiny white pigs all lying in a row beside Lidie's big white pig.
A letter also came from her husband, saying he hoped to be back early in March, and then they would get ready for that journey abroad which he had promised her so long, which he felt now fully able to afford; he felt able to travel as people should, without any thought of small economies - thanks to his recent speculations in Wall Street.
Much to her surprise she received a note from Arobin, written at midnight from the club. It was to say good morning to her, to hope she had slept well, to assure her of his devotion, which he trusted she in some faintest manner returned.
All these letters were pleasing to her. She answered the children in a cheerful frame of mind, promising them bonbons, and congratulating them upon their happy find of the little pigs.
She answered her husband with friendly evasiveness, - not with any fixed design to mislead him, only because all sense of reality had gone out of her life; she had abandoned herself to Fate, and awaited the consequences with indifference.
Edna worked several hours with much spirit. She saw no one but a picture dealer, who asked her if it were true that she was going abroad to study in Paris.
She said possibly she might, and he negotiated with her for some Parisian studies to reach him in time for the holiday trade in December.
Robert did not come that day. She was keenly disappointed. He did not come the following day, nor the next. Each morning she awoke with hope, and each night she was a prey to despondency. She was tempted to seek him out. But far from yielding to the impulse, she avoided any occasion which might throw her in his way. She did not go to Mademoiselle Reisz's nor pass by Madame Lebrun's, as she might have done if he had still been in Mexico.
When Arobin, one night, urged her to drive with him, she went - out to the lake, on the Shell Road. His horses were full of mettle, and even a little unmanageable. She liked the rapid gait at which they spun along, and the quick, sharp sound of the horses' hoofs on the hard road. They did not stop anywhere to eat or to drink. Arobin was not needlessly imprudent. But they ate and they drank when they regained Edna's little dining-room - which was comparatively early in the evening.
It was late when he left her. It was getting to be more than a passing whim with Arobin to see her and be with her. He had detected the latent sensuality, which unfolded under his delicate sense of her nature's requirements like a torpid, torrid, sensitive blossom.
There was no despondency when she fell asleep that night; nor was there hope when she awoke in the morning.
There was a garden out in the suburbs; a small, leafy corner, with a few green tables under the orange trees. An old cat slept all day on the stone step in the sun, and an old mulatresse slept her idle hours away in her chair at the open window, till, some one happened to knock on one of the green tables. She had milk and cream cheese to sell, and bread and butter. There was no one who could make such excellent coffee or fry a chicken so golden brown as she.
The place was too modest to attract the attention of people of fashion, and so quiet as to have escaped the notice of those in search of pleasure and dissipation. Edna had discovered it accidentally one day when the high-board gate stood ajar. She caught sight of a little green table, blotched with the checkered sunlight that filtered through the quivering leaves overhead. Within she had found the slumbering mulatresse, the drowsy cat, and a glass of milk which reminded her of the milk she had tasted in Iberville.
She often stopped there during her perambulations; sometimes taking a book with her, and sitting an hour or two under the trees when she found the place deserted. Once or twice she took a quiet dinner there alone, having instructed Celestine beforehand to prepare no dinner at home. It was the last place in the city where she would have expected to meet any one she knew.
Still she was not astonished when, as she was partaking of a modest dinner late in the afternoon, looking into an open book, stroking the cat, which had made friends with her - she was not greatly astonished to see Robert come in at the tall garden gate.
"I am destined to see you only by accident," she said, shoving the cat off the chair beside her. He was surprised, ill at ease, almost embarrassed at meeting her thus so unexpectedly.
"I used to drop in very often for a cup of Catiche's good coffee. This is the first time since I came back."
"She'll bring you a plate, and you will share my dinner. There's always enough for two - even three." Edna had intended to be indifferent and as reserved as he when she met him; she had reached the determination by a laborious train of reasoning, incident to one of her despondent moods. But her resolve melted when she saw him before designing Providence had led him into her path.
"Why are you so personal, Mrs. Pontellier? Why do you force me to idiotic subterfuges?" he exclaimed with sudden warmth. "I suppose there's no use telling you I've been very busy, or that I've been sick, or that I've been to see you and not found you at home. Please let me off with any one of these excuses."
"You are the embodiment of selfishness," she said. "You save yourself something - I don't know what - but there is some selfish motive, and in sparing yourself you never consider for a moment what I think, or how I feel your neglect and indifference. I suppose this is what you would call unwomanly; but I have got into a habit of expressing myself. It doesn't matter to me, and you may think me unwomanly if you like."
"No; I only think you cruel, as I said the other day. Maybe not intentionally cruel; but you seem to be forcing me into disclosures which can result in nothing; as if you would have me bare a wound for the pleasure of looking at it, without the intention or power of healing it."
"Isn't this a delightful place?" she remarked. "I am so glad it has never actually been discovered. It is so quiet, so sweet, here. Do you notice there is scarcely a sound to be heard? It's so out of the way; and a good walk from the car. However, I don't mind walking. I always feel so sorry for women who don't like to walk; they miss so much - so many rare little glimpses of life; and we women learn so little of life on the whole.
"Catiche's coffee is always hot. I don't know how she manages it, here in the open air. Celestine's coffee gets cold bringing it from the kitchen to the dining-room. Three lumps! How can you drink it so sweet? Take some of the cress with your chop; it's so biting and crisp. Then there's the advantage of being able to smoke with your coffee out here. Now, in the city - aren't you going to smoke?"
"I bought it. I suppose I'm getting reckless; I bought a whole box." She was determined not to be personal again and make him uncomfortable.
The cat made friends with him, and climbed into his lap when he smoked his cigar. He stroked her silky fur, and talked a little about her. He looked at Edna's book, which he had read; and he told her the end, to save her the trouble of wading through it, he said.
Again he accompanied her back to her home; and it was after dusk when they reached the little "pigeon-house." She did not ask him to remain, which he was grateful for, as it permitted him to stay without the discomfort of blundering through an excuse which he had no intention of considering. He helped her to light the lamp; then she went into her room to take off her hat and to bathe her face and hands.
When she came back Robert was not examining the pictures and magazines as before; he sat off in the shadow, leaning his head back on the chair as if in a reverie. Edna lingered a moment beside the table, arranging the books there. Then she went across the room to where he sat. She bent over the arm of his chair and called his name.
She leaned over and kissed him - a soft, cool, delicate kiss, whose voluptuous sting penetrated his whole being-then she moved away from him. He followed, and took her in his arms, just holding her close to him. She put her hand up to his face and pressed his cheek against her own. The action was full of love and tenderness. He sought her lips again. Then he drew her down upon the sofa beside him and held her hand in both of his.
"Now you know," he said, "now you know what I have been fighting against since last summer at Grand Isle; what drove me away and drove me back again."
"Why? Because you were not free; you were Leonce Pontellier's wife. I couldn't help loving you if you were ten times his wife; but so long as I went away from you and kept away I could help telling you so." She put her free hand up to his shoulder, and then against his cheek, rubbing it softly. He kissed her again. His face was warm and flushed.
"Something put into my head that you cared for me; and I lost my senses. I forgot everything but a wild dream of your some way becoming my wife."
"Oh! I was demented, dreaming of wild, impossible things, recalling men who had set their wives free, we have heard of such things."
She took his face between her hands and looked into it as if she would never withdraw her eyes more. She kissed him on the forehead, the eyes, the cheeks, and the lips.
"You have been a very, very foolish boy, wasting your time dreaming of impossible things when you speak of Mr. Pontellier setting me free! I am no longer one of Mr. Pontellier's possessions to dispose of or not. I give myself where I choose. If he were to say, 'Here, Robert, take her and be happy; she is yours,' I should laugh at you both."
There was a knock at the door. Old Celestine came in to say that Madame Ratignolle's servant had come around the back way with a message that Madame had been taken sick and begged Mrs. Pontellier to go to her immediately.
"No," she said; "I will go with the servant. She went into her room to put on her hat, and when she came in again she sat once more upon the sofa beside him. He had not stirred. She put her arms about his neck.
"Good-by, my sweet Robert. Tell me good-by." He kissed her with a degree of passion which had not before entered into his caress, and strained her to him.
"I love you," she whispered, "only you; no one but you. It was you who awoke me last summer out of a life-long, stupid dream. Oh! you have made me so unhappy with your indifference. Oh! I have suffered, suffered! Now you are here we shall love each other, my Robert. We shall be everything to each other. Nothing else in the world is of any consequence. I must go to my friend; but you will wait for me? No matter how late; you will wait for me, Robert?"
"Don't go; don't go! Oh! Edna, stay with me," he pleaded. "Why should you go? Stay with me, stay with me."
"I shall come back as soon as I can; I shall find you here." She buried her face in his neck, and said good-by again. Her seductive voice, together with his great love for her, had enthralled his senses, had deprived him of every impulse but the longing to hold her and keep her.
Edna looked in at the drug store. Monsieur Ratignolle was putting up a mixture himself, very carefully, dropping a red liquid into a tiny glass. He was grateful to Edna for having come; her presence would be a comfort to his wife. Madame Ratignolle's sister, who had always been with her at such trying times, had not been able to come up from the plantation, and Adele had been inconsolable until Mrs. Pontellier so kindly promised to come to her. The nurse had been with them at night for the past week, as she lived a great distance away. And Dr. Mandelet had been coming and going all the afternoon. They were then looking for him any moment.
Edna hastened upstairs by a private stairway that led from the rear of the store to the apartments above. The children were all sleeping in a back room. Madame Ratignolle was in the salon, whither she had strayed in her suffering impatience. She sat on the sofa, clad in an ample white peignoir, holding a handkerchief tight in her hand with a nervous clutch. Her face was drawn and pinched, her sweet blue eyes haggard and unnatural. All her beautiful hair had been drawn back and plaited. It lay in a long braid on the sofa pillow, coiled like a golden serpent. The nurse, a comfortable looking Griffe woman in white apron and cap, was urging her to return to her bedroom.
"There is no use, there is no use," she said at once to Edna. "We must get rid of Mandelet; he is getting too old and careless. He said he would be here at half-past seven; now it must be eight. See what time it is, Josephine."
The woman was possessed of a cheerful nature, and refused to take any situation too seriously, especially a situation withwhich she was so familiar. She urged Madame to have courage and patience. But Madame only set her teeth hard into her under lip, and Edna saw the sweat gather in beads on her white forehead. After a moment or two she uttered a profound sigh and wiped her face with the handkerchief rolled in a ball. She appeared exhausted. The nurse gave her a fresh handkerchief, sprinkled with cologne water.
"This is too much!" she cried. "Mandelet ought to be killed! Where is Alphonse? Is it possible I am to be abandoned like this-neglected by every one?"
"Neglected, indeed!" exclaimed the nurse. Wasn't she there? And here was Mrs. Pontellier leaving, no doubt, a pleasant evening at home to devote to her? And wasn't Monsieur Ratignolle coming that very instant through the hall? And Josephine was quite sure she had heard Doctor Mandelet's coupe. Yes, there it was, down at the door.
Doctor Mandelet paid no attention to Madame Ratignolle's upbraidings. He was accustomed to them at such times, and was too well convinced of her loyalty to doubt it.
He was glad to see Edna, and wanted her to go with him into the salon and entertain him. But Madame Ratignolle would not consent that Edna should leave her for an instant. Between agonizing moments, she chatted a little, and said it took her mind off her sufferings.
Edna began to feel uneasy. She was seized with a vague dread. Her own like experiences seemed far away, unreal, and only half remembered. She recalled faintly an ecstasy of pain, the heavy odor of chloroform, a stupor which had deadened sensation, and an awakening to find a little new life to which she had given being, added to the great unnumbered multitude of souls that come and go.
She began to wish she had not come; her presence was not necessary. She might have invented a pretext for staying away; she might even invent a pretext now for going. But Edna did not go. With an inward agony, with a flaming, outspoken revolt against the ways of Nature, she witnessed the scene of torture.
She was still stunned and speechless with emotion when later she leaned over her friend to kiss her and softly say good-by. Adele, pressing her cheek, whispered in an exhausted voice: "Think of the children, Edna. Oh think of the children! Remember them!"
Edna still felt dazed when she got outside in the open air. The Doctor's coupe had returned for him and stood before the porte cochere. She did not wish to enter the coupe, and told Doctor Mandelet she would walk; she was not afraid, and would go alone. He directed his carriage to meet him at Mrs. Pontellier's, and he started to walk home with her.
Up - away up, over the narrow street between the tall houses, the stars were blazing. The air was mild and caressing, but cool with the breath of spring and the night. They walked slowly, the Doctor with a heavy, measured tread and his hands behind him; Edna, in an absent-minded way, as she had walked one night at Grand Isle, as if her thoughts had gone ahead of her and she was striving to overtake them.
"You shouldn't have been there, Mrs. Pontellier," he said. "That was no place for you. Adele is full of whims at such times. There were a dozen women she might have had with her, unimpressionable women. I felt that it was cruel, cruel. You shouldn't have gone."
"Oh, well!" she answered, indifferently. "I don't know that it matters after all. One has to think of the children some time or other; the sooner the better."
"Perhaps - no, I am not going. I'm not going to be forced into doing things. I don't want to go abroad. I want to be let alone. Nobody has any right - except children, perhaps - and even then, it seems to me - or it did seem - " She felt that her speech was voicing the incoherency of her thoughts, and stopped abruptly.
"The trouble is," sighed the Doctor, grasping her meaning intuitively, "that youth is given up to illusions. It seems to be a provision of Nature; a decoy to secure mothers for the race. And Nature takes no account of moral consequences, of arbitrary conditions which we create, and which we feel obliged to maintain at any cost."
"Yes," she said. "The years that are gone seem like dreams - if one might go on sleeping and dreaming - but to wake up and find - oh! well! perhaps it is better to wake up after all, even to suffer, rather than to remain a dupe to illusions all one's life."
"It seems to me, my dear child," said the Doctor at parting, holding her hand, "you seem to me to be in trouble. I am not going to ask for your confidence. I will only say that if ever you feel moved to give it to me, perhaps I might help you. I know I would understand, And I tell you there are not many who would - not many, my dear."
"Some way I don't feel moved to speak of things that trouble me. Don't think I am ungrateful or that I don't appreciate your sympathy. There are periods of despondency and suffering which take possession of me. But I don't want anything but my own way. That is wanting a good deal, of course, when you have to trample upon the lives, the hearts, the prejudices of others - but no matter-still, I shouldn't want to trample upon the little lives. Oh! I don't know what I'm saying, Doctor. Good night. Don't blame me for anything."
"Yes, I will blame you if you don't come and see me soon. We will talk of things you never have dreamt of talking about before. It will do us both good. I don't want you to blame yourself, whatever comes. Good night, my child."
She let herself in at the gate, but instead of entering she sat upon the step of the porch. The night was quiet and soothing. All the tearing emotion of the last few hours seemed to fall away from her like a somber, uncomfortable garment, which she had but to loosen to be rid of. She went back to that hour before Adele had sent for her; and her senses kindled afresh in thinking of Robert's words, the pressure of his arms, and the feeling of his lips upon her own. She could picture at that moment no greater bliss on earth than possession of the beloved one. His expression of love had already given him to her in part. When she thought that he was there at hand, waiting for her, she grew numb with the intoxication of expectancy. It was so late; he would be asleep perhaps. She would awaken him with a kiss. She hoped he would be asleep that she might arouse him with her caresses.
Still, she remembered Adele's voice whispering, "Think of the children; think of them." She meant to think of them; that determination had driven into her soul like a death wound - but not to-night. To-morrow would be time to think of everything.
Robert was not waiting for her in the little parlor. He was nowhere at hand. The house was empty. But he had scrawled on a piece of paper that lay in the lamplight:
Edna grew faint when she read the words. She went and sat on the sofa. Then she stretched herself out there, never uttering a sound. She did not sleep. She did not go to bed. The lamp sputtered and went out. She was still awake in the morning, when Celestine unlocked the kitchen door and came in to light the fire.
Victor, with hammer and nails and scraps of scantling, was patching a corner of one of the galleries. Mariequita sat near by, dangling her legs, watching him work, and handing him nails from the tool-box. The sun was beating down upon them. The girl had covered her head with her apron folded into a square pad. They had been talking for an hour or more. She was never tired of hearing Victor describe the dinner at Mrs. Pontellier's. He exaggerated every detail, making it appear a veritable Lucullean feast. The flowers were in tubs, he said. The champagne was quaffed from huge golden goblets. Venus rising from the foam could have presented no more entrancing a spectacle than Mrs. Pontellier, blazing with beauty and diamonds at the head of the board, while the other women were all of them youthful houris, possessed of incomparable charms. She got it into her head that Victor was in love with Mrs. Pontellier, and he gave her evasive answers, framed so as to confirm her belief. She grew sullen and cried a little, threatening to go off and leave him to his fine ladies. There were a dozen men crazy about her at the Cheniere; and since it was the fashion to be in love with married people, why, she could run away any time she liked to New Orleans with Celina's husband.
Celina's husband was a fool, a coward, and a pig, and to prove it to her, Victor intended to hammer his head into a jelly the next time he encountered him. This assurance was very consoling to Mariequita. She dried her eyes, and grew cheerful at the prospect.
They were still talking of the dinner and the allurements of city life when Mrs. Pontellier herself slipped around the corner of the house. The two youngsters stayed dumb with amazement before what they considered to be an apparition. But it was really she in flesh and blood, looking tired and a little travel-stained.
"I walked up from the wharf", she said, "and heard the hammering. I supposed it was you, mending the porch. It's a good thing. I was always tripping over those loose planks last summer. How dreary and deserted everything looks!"
It took Victor some little time to comprehend that she had come in Beaudelet's lugger, that she had come alone, and for no purpose but to rest.
"And if you can stand Philomel's cooking," he went on, "though I might try to get her mother while you are here. Do you think she would come?" turning to Mariequita.
Beholding Mrs. Pontellier make her appearance, the girl had at once suspected a lovers' rendezvous. But Victor's astonishment was so genuine, and Mrs. Pontellier's indifference so apparent, that the disturbing notion did not lodge long in her brain. She contemplated with the greatest interest this woman who gave the most sumptuous dinners in America, and who had all the men in New Orleans at her feet.
"I'll have it ready in little or no time," he said, bustling and packing away his tools. "You may go to my room to brush up and rest yourself. Mariequita will show you."
"Thank you", said Edna. "But, do you know, I have a notion to go down to the beach and take a good wash and even a little swim, before dinner?"
"Well, I might go down and try - dip my toes in. Why, it seems to me the sun is hot enough to have warmed the very depths of the ocean. Could you get me a couple of towels? I'd better go right away, so as to be back in time. It would be a little too chilly if I waited till this afternoon."
"I hope you have fish for dinner," said Edna, as she started to walk away; "but don't do anything extra if you haven't."
"Run and find Philomel's mother," Victor instructed the girl. "I'll go to the kitchen and see what I can do. By Gimminy! Women have no consideration! She might have sent me word."
Edna walked on down to the beach rather mechanically, not noticing anything special except that the sun was hot. She was not dwelling upon any particular train of thought. She had done all the thinking which was necessary after Robert went away, when she lay awake upon the sofa till morning.
She had said over and over to herself: "To-day it is Arobin; to-morrow it will be some one else. It makes no difference to me, it doesn't matter about Leonce Pontellier - but Raoul and Etienne!" She understood now clearly what she had meant long ago when she said to Adele Ratignolle that she would give up the unessential, but she would never sacrifice herself for her children.
Despondency had come upon her there in the wakeful night, and had never lifted. There was no one thing in the world that she desired. There was no human being whom she wanted near her except Robert; and she even realized that the day would come when he, too, and the thought of him would melt out of her existence, leaving her alone. The children appeared before her like antagonists who had overcome her; who had overpowered and sought to drag her into the soul's slavery for the rest of her days. But she knew a way to elude them. She was not thinking of these things when she walked down to the beach.
The water of the Gulf stretched out before her, gleaming with the million lights of the sun. The voice of the sea is seductive, never ceasing, whispering, clamoring, murmuring, inviting the soul to wander in abysses of solitude. All along the white beach, up and down, there was no living thing in sight. A bird with a broken wing was beating the air above, reeling, fluttering, circling disabled down, down to the water.
She put it on, leaving her clothing in the bath-house. But when she was there beside the sea, absolutely alone, she cast the unpleasant, pricking garments from her, and for the first time in her life she stood naked in the open air, at the mercy of the sun, the breeze that beat upon her, and the waves that invited her.
How strange and awful it seemed to stand naked under the sky! how delicious! She felt like some new-born creature, opening its eyes in a familiar world that it had never known.
The foamy wavelets curled up to her white feet, and coiled like serpents about her ankles. She walked out. The water was chill, but she walked on. The water was deep, but she lifted her white body and reached out with a long, sweeping stroke. The touch of the sea is sensuous, enfolding the body in its soft, close embrace.
She went on and on. She remembered the night she swam far out, and recalled the terror that seized her at the fear of being unable to regain the shore. She did not look back now, but went on and on, thinking of the blue-grass meadow that she had traversed when a little child, believing that it had no beginning and no end.
She thought of Leonce and the children. They were a part of her life. But they need not have thought that they could possess her, body and soul. How Mademoiselle Reisz would have laughed, perhaps sneered, if she knew! "And you call yourself an artist! What pretensions, Madame! The artist must possess the courageous soul that dares and defies."
"Good-by - because I love you." He did not know; he did not understand. He would never understand. Perhaps Doctor Mandelet would have understood if she had seen him - but it was too late; the shore was far behind her, and her strength was gone.
She looked into the distance, and the old terror flamed up for an instant, then sank again. Edna heard her father's voice and her sister Margaret's. She heard the barking of an old dog that was chained to the sycamore tree. The spurs of the cavalry officer clanged as he walked across the porch. There was the hum of bees, and the musky odor of pinks filled the air.
During the whole of a dull, dark, and soundless day in the autumn of the year, when the clouds hung oppressively low in the heavens, I had been passing alone, on horseback, through a singularly dreary tract of country; and at length found myself, as the shades of the evening drew on, within view of the melancholy House of Usher. I know not how it was  but, with the first glimpse of the building, a sense of insufferable gloom pervaded my spirit. I say insufferable; for the feeling was unrelieved by any of that half-pleasurable, because poetic, sentiment, with which the mind usually receives even the sternest natural images of the desolate or terrible. I looked upon the scene before me  upon the mere house, and the simple landscape features of the domain  upon the bleak walls  upon the vacant eye-like windows  upon a few rank sedges  and upon a few white trunks of decayed trees  with an utter depression of soul which I can compare to no earthly sensation more properly than to the after-dream of the reveller upon opium  the bitter lapse into everyday life-the hideous dropping off of the reveller upon opium  the bitter lapse into everyday life  the hideous dropping off of the veil. There was an iciness, a sinking, a sickening of the heart  an unredeemed dreariness of thought which no goading of the imagination could torture into aught of the sublime. What was it  I paused to think  what was it that so unnerved me in the contemplation of the House of Usher? It was a mystery all insoluble; nor could I grapple with the shadowy fancies that crowded upon me as I pondered. I was forced to fall back upon the unsatisfactory conclusion, that while, beyond doubt, there are combinations of very simple natural objects which have the power of thus affecting us, still the analysis of this power lies among considerations beyond our depth. It was possible, I reflected, that a mere different arrangement of the particulars of the scene, of the details of the picture, would be sufficient to modify, or perhaps to annihilate its capacity for sorrowful impression; and, acting upon this idea, I reined my horse to the precipitous brink of a black and lurid tarn that lay in unruffled lustre by the dwelling, and gazed down  but with a shudder even more thrilling than before  upon the remodelled and inverted images of the gray sedge, and the ghastly tree-stems, and the vacant and eye-like windows.
Nevertheless, in this mansion of gloom I now proposed to myself a sojourn of some weeks. Its proprietor, Roderick Usher, had been one of my boon companions in boyhood; but many years had elapsed since our last meeting. A letter, however, had lately reached me in a distant part of the country  a letter from him  which, in its wildly importunate nature, had admitted of no other than a personal reply. The MS. gave evidence of nervous agitation. The writer spoke of acute bodily illness  of a mental disorder which oppressed him  and of an earnest desire to see me, as his best, and indeed his only personal friend, with a view of attempting, by the cheerfulness of my society, some alleviation of his malady. It was the manner in which all this, and much more, was said  it the apparent heart that went with his request  which allowed me no room for hesitation; and I accordingly obeyed forthwith what I still considered a very singular summons.
Although, as boys, we had been even intimate associates, yet really knew little of my friend. His reserve had been always excessive and habitual. I was aware, however, that his very ancient family had been noted, time out of mind, for a peculiar sensibility of temperament, displaying itself, through long ages, in many works of exalted art, and manifested, of late, in repeated deeds of munificent yet unobtrusive charity, as well as in a passionate devotion to the intricacies, perhaps even more than to the orthodox and easily recognisable beauties, of musical science. I had learned, too, the very remarkable fact, that the stem of the Usher race, all time-honoured as it was, had put forth, at no period, any enduring branch; in other words, that the entire family lay in the direct line of descent, and had always, with very trifling and very temporary variation, so lain. It was this deficiency, I considered, while running over in thought the perfect keeping of the character of the premises with the accredited character of the people, and while speculating upon the possible influence which the one, in the long lapse of centuries, might have exercised upon the other  it was this deficiency, perhaps, of collateral issue, and the consequent undeviating transmission, from sire to son, of the patrimony with the name, which had, at length, so identified the two as to merge the original title of the estate in the quaint and equivocal appellation of the "House of Usher"  an appellation which seemed to include, in the minds of the peasantry who used it, both the family and the family mansion.
I have said that the sole effect of my somewhat childish experiment  that of looking down within the tarn  had been to deepen the first singular impression. There can be no doubt that the consciousness of the rapid increase of my superstition  for why should I not so term it?  served mainly to accelerate the increase itself. Such, I have long known, is the paradoxical law of all sentiments having terror as a basis. And it might have been for this reason only, that, when I again uplifted my eyes to the house itself, from its image in the pool, there grew in my mind a strange fancy  a fancy so ridiculous, indeed, that I but mention it to show the vivid force of the sensations which oppressed me. I had so worked upon my imagination as really to believe that about the whole mansion and domain there hung an atmosphere peculiar to themselves and their immediate vicinity-an atmosphere which had no affinity with the air of heaven, but which had reeked up from the decayed trees, and the gray wall, and the silent tarn  a pestilent and mystic vapour, dull, sluggish, faintly discernible, and leaden-hued.
Shaking off from my spirit what must have been a dream, I scanned more narrowly the real aspect of the building. Its principal feature seemed to be that of an excessive antiquity. The discoloration of ages had been great. Minute fungi overspread the whole exterior, hanging in a fine tangled web-work from the eaves. Yet all this was apart from any extraordinary dilapidation. No portion of the masonry had fallen; and there appeared to be a wild inconsistency between its still perfect adaptation of parts, and the crumbling condition of the individual stones. In this there was much that reminded me of the specious totality of old wood-work which has rotted for long years in some neglected vault, with no disturbance from the breath of the external air. Beyond this indication of extensive decay, however, the fabric gave little token of instability. Perhaps the eye of a scrutinising observer might have discovered a barely perceptible fissure, which, extending from the roof of the building in front, made its way down the wall in a zigzag direction, until it became lost in the sullen waters of the tarn.
Noticing these things, I rode over a short causeway to the house. A servant in waiting took my horse, and I entered the Gothic archway of the hall. A valet, of stealthy step, thence conducted me, in silence, through many dark and intricate passages in my progress to the studio of his master. Much that I encountered on the way contributed, I know not how, to heighten the vague sentiments of which I have already spoken. While the objects around me  while the carvings of the ceilings, the sombre tapestries of the walls, the ebon blackness of the floors, and the phantasmagoric armorial trophies which rattled as I strode, were but matters to which, or to such as which, I had been accustomed from my infancy  while I hesitated not to acknowledge how familiar was all this  I still wondered to find how unfamiliar were the fancies which ordinary images were stirring up. On one of the staircases, I met the physician of the family. His countenance, I thought, wore a mingled expression of low cunning and perplexity. He accosted me with trepidation and passed on. The valet now threw open a door and ushered me into the presence of his master.
The room in which I found myself was very large and lofty. The windows were long, narrow, and pointed, and at so vast a distance from the black oaken floor as to be altogether inaccessible from within. Feeble gleams of encrimsoned light made their way through the trellised panes, and served to render sufficiently distinct the more prominent objects around the eye, however, struggled in vain to reach the remoter angles of the chamber, or the recesses of the vaulted and fretted ceiling. Dark draperies hung upon the walls. The general furniture was profuse, comfortless, antique, and tattered. Many books and musical instruments lay scattered about, but failed to give any vitality to the scene. I felt that I breathed an atmosphere of sorrow. An air of stern, deep, and irredeemable gloom hung over and pervaded all.
Upon my entrance, Usher arose from a sofa on which he had been lying at full length, and greeted me with a vivacious warmth which had much in it, I at first thought, of an overdone cordiality  of the constrained effort of the ennuye man of the world. A glance, however, at his countenance, convinced me of his perfect sincerity. We sat down; and for some moments, while he spoke not, I gazed upon him with a feeling half of pity, half of awe. Surely, man had never before so terribly altered, in so brief a period, as had Roderick Usher! It was with difficulty that I could bring myself to admit the identity of the wan being before me with the companion of my early boyhood. Yet the character of his face had been at all times remarkable. A cadaverousness of complexion; an eye large, liquid, and luminous beyond comparison; lips somewhat thin and very pallid, but of a surpassingly beautiful curve; a nose of a delicate Hebrew model, but with a breadth of nostril unusual in similar formations; a finely moulded chin, speaking, in its want of prominence, of a want of moral energy; hair of a more than web-like softness and tenuity; these features, with an inordinate expansion above the regions of the temple, made up altogether a countenance not easily to be forgotten. And now in the mere exaggeration of the prevailing character of these features, and of the expression they were wont to convey, lay so much of change that I doubted to whom I spoke. The now ghastly pallor of the skin, and the now miraculous lustre of the eve, above all things startled and even awed me. The silken hair, too, had been suffered to grow all unheeded, and as, in its wild gossamer texture, it floated rather than fell about the face, I could not, even with effort, connect its Arabesque expression with any idea of simple humanity.
In the manner of my friend I was at once struck with an incoherence  an inconsistency; and I soon found this to arise from a series of feeble and futile struggles to overcome an habitual trepidancy  an excessive nervous agitation. For something of this nature I had indeed been prepared, no less by his letter, than by reminiscences of certain boyish traits, and by conclusions deduced from his peculiar physical conformation and temperament. His action was alternately vivacious and sullen. His voice varied rapidly from a tremulous indecision (when the animal spirits seemed utterly in abeyance) to that species of energetic concision  that abrupt, weighty, unhurried, and hollow-sounding enunciation  that leaden, self-balanced and perfectly modulated guttural utterance, which may be observed in the lost drunkard, or the irreclaimable eater of opium, during the periods of his most intense excitement.
It was thus that he spoke of the object of my visit, of his earnest desire to see me, and of the solace he expected me to afford him. He entered, at some length, into what he conceived to be the nature of his malady. It was, he said, a constitutional and a family evil, and one for which he despaired to find a remedy  a mere nervous affection, he immediately added, which would undoubtedly soon pass off. It displayed itself in a host of unnatural sensations. Some of these, as he detailed them, interested and bewildered me; although, perhaps, the terms, and the general manner of the narration had their weight. He suffered much from a morbid acuteness of the senses; the most insipid food was alone endurable; he could wear only garments of certain texture; the odours of all flowers were oppressive; his eyes were tortured by even a faint light; and there were but peculiar sounds, and these from stringed instruments, which did not inspire him with horror.
To an anomalous species of terror I found him a bounden slave. "I shall perish," said he, "I must perish in this deplorable folly. Thus, thus, and not otherwise, shall I be lost. I dread the events of the future, not in themselves, but in their results. I shudder at the thought of any, even the most trivial, incident, which may operate upon this intolerable agitation of soul. I have, indeed, no abhorrence of danger, except in its absolute effect  in terror. In this unnerved-in this pitiable condition  I feel that the period will sooner or later arrive when I must abandon life and reason together, in some struggle with the grim phantasm, FEAR."
I learned, moreover, at intervals, and through broken and equivocal hints, another singular feature of his mental condition. He was enchained by certain superstitious impressions in regard to the dwelling which he tenanted, and whence, for many years, he had never ventured forth  in regard to an influence whose supposititious force was conveyed in terms too shadowy here to be re-stated  an influence which some peculiarities in the mere form and substance of his family mansion, had, by dint of long sufferance, he said, obtained over his spirit-an effect which the physique of the gray walls and turrets, and of the dim tarn into which they all looked down, had, at length, brought about upon the morale of his existence.
He admitted, however, although with hesitation, that much of the peculiar gloom which thus afflicted him could be traced to a more natural and far more palpable origin  to the severe and long-continued illness  indeed to the evidently approaching dissolution-of a tenderly beloved sister  his sole companion for long years  his last and only relative on earth. "Her decease," he said, with a bitterness which I can never forget, "would leave him (him the hopeless and the frail) the last of the ancient race of the Ushers." While he spoke, the lady Madeline (for so was she called) passed slowly through a remote portion of the apartment, and, without having noticed my presence, disappeared. I regarded her with an utter astonishment not unmingled with dread  and yet I found it impossible to account for such feelings. A sensation of stupor oppressed me, as my eyes followed her retreating steps. When a door, at length, closed upon her, my glance sought instinctively and eagerly the countenance of the brother  but he had buried his face in his hands, and I could only perceive that a far more than ordinary wanness had overspread the emaciated fingers through which trickled many passionate tears.
The disease of the lady Madeline had long baffled the skill of her physicians. A settled apathy, a gradual wasting away of the person, and frequent although transient affections of a partially cataleptical character, were the unusual diagnosis. Hitherto she had steadily borne up against the pressure of her malady, and had not betaken herself finally to bed; but, on the closing in of the evening of my arrival at the house, she succumbed (as her brother told me at night with inexpressible agitation) to the prostrating power of the destroyer; and I learned that the glimpse I had obtained of her person would thus probably be the last I should obtain  that the lady, at least while living, would be seen by me no more.
For several days ensuing, her name was unmentioned by either Usher or myself: and during this period I was busied in earnest endeavours to alleviate the melancholy of my friend. We painted and read together; or I listened, as if in a dream, to the wild improvisations of his speaking guitar. And thus, as a closer and still intimacy admitted me more unreservedly into the recesses of his spirit, the more bitterly did I perceive the futility of all attempt at cheering a mind from which darkness, as if an inherent positive quality, poured forth upon all objects of the moral and physical universe, in one unceasing radiation of gloom.
I shall ever bear about me a memory of the many solemn hours I thus spent alone with the master of the House of Usher. Yet I should fail in any attempt to convey an idea of the exact character of the studies, or of the occupations, in which he involved me, or led me the way. An excited and highly distempered ideality threw a sulphureous lustre over all. His long improvised dirges will ring forever in my cars. Among other things, I hold painfully in mind a certain singular perversion and amplification of the wild air of the last waltz of Von Weber. From the paintings over which his elaborate fancy brooded, and which grew, touch by touch, into vaguenesses at which I shuddered the more thrillingly, because I shuddered knowing not why;  from these paintings (vivid as their images now are before me) I would in vain endeavour to educe more than a small portion which should lie within the compass of merely written words. By the utter simplicity, by the nakedness of his designs, he arrested and overawed attention. If ever mortal painted an idea, that mortal was Roderick Usher. For me at least  in the circumstances then surrounding me  there arose out of the pure abstractions which the hypochondriac contrived to throw upon his canvas, an intensity of intolerable awe, no shadow of which felt I ever yet in the contemplation of the certainly glowing yet too concrete reveries of Fuseli.
One of the phantasmagoric conceptions of my friend, partaking not so rigidly of the spirit of abstraction, may be shadowed forth, although feebly, in words. A small picture presented the interior of an immensely long and rectangular vault or tunnel, with low walls, smooth, white, and without interruption or device. Certain accessory points of the design served well to convey the idea that this excavation lay at an exceeding depth below the surface of the earth. No outlet was observed in any portion of its vast extent, and no torch, or other artificial source of light was discernible; yet a flood of intense rays rolled throughout, and bathed the whole in a ghastly and inappropriate splendour.
I have just spoken of that morbid condition of the auditory nerve which rendered all music intolerable to the sufferer, with the exception of certain effects of stringed instruments. It was, perhaps, the narrow limits to which he thus confined himself upon the guitar, which gave birth, in great measure, to the fantastic character of his performances. But the fervid facility of his impromptus could not be so accounted for. They must have been, and were, in the notes, as well as in the words of his wild fantasias (for he not unfrequently accompanied himself with rhymed verbal improvisations), the result of that intense mental collectedness and concentration to which I have previously alluded as observable only in particular moments of the highest artificial excitement. The words of one of these rhapsodies I have easily remembered. I was, perhaps, the more forcibly impressed with it, as he gave it, because, in the under or mystic current of its meaning, I fancied that I perceived, and for the first time, a full consciousness on the part of Usher, of the tottering of his lofty reason upon her throne. The verses, which were entitled "The Haunted Palace," ran very nearly, if not accurately, thus:
I well remember that suggestions arising from this ballad led us into a train of thought wherein there became manifest an opinion of Usher's which I mention not so much on account of its novelty, (for other men have thought thus,) as on account of the pertinacity with which he maintained it. This opinion, in its general form, was that of the sentience of all vegetable things. But, in his disordered fancy, the idea had assumed a more daring character, and trespassed, under certain conditions, upon the kingdom of inorganization. I lack words to express the full extent, or the earnest abandon of his persuasion. The belief, however, was connected (as I have previously hinted) with the gray stones of the home of his forefathers. The conditions of the sentience had been here, he imagined, fulfilled in the method of collocation of these stones  in the order of their arrangement, as well as in that of the many fungi which overspread them, and of the decayed trees which stood around  above all, in the long undisturbed endurance of this arrangement, and in its reduplication in the still waters of the tarn. Its evidence  the evidence of the sentience  was to be seen, he said, (and I here started as he spoke,) in the gradual yet certain condensation of an atmosphere of their own about the waters and the walls. The result was discoverable, he added, in that silent, yet importunate and terrible influence which for centuries had moulded the destinies of his family, and which made him what I now saw him  what he was. Such opinions need no comment, and I will make none.
Our books  the books which, for years, had formed no small portion of the mental existence of the invalid  were, as might be supposed, in strict keeping with this character of phantasm. We pored together over such works as the Ververt et Chartreuse of Gresset; the Belphegor of Machiavelli; the Heaven and Hell of Swedenborg; the Subterranean Voyage of Nicholas Klimm by Holberg; the Chiromancy of Robert Flud, of Jean D'Indagine, and of De la Chambre; the Journey into the Blue Distance of Tieck; and the City of the Sun of Campanella. One favourite volume was a small octavo edition of the Directorium Inquisitorum, by the Dominican Eymeric de Gironne; and there were passages in Pomponius Mela, about the old African Satyrs and AEgipans, over which Usher would sit dreaming for hours. His chief delight, however, was found in the perusal of an exceedingly rare and curious book in quarto Gothic  the manual of a forgotten church  the Vigilae Mortuorum secundum Chorum Ecclesiae Maguntinae.
I could not help thinking of the wild ritual of this work, and of its probable influence upon the hypochondriac, when, one evening, having informed me abruptly that the lady Madeline was no more, he stated his intention of preserving her corpse for a fortnight, (previously to its final interment,) in one of the numerous vaults within the main walls of the building. The worldly reason, however, assigned for this singular proceeding, was one which I did not feel at liberty to dispute. The brother had been led to his resolution (so he told me) by consideration of the unusual character of the malady of the deceased, of certain obtrusive and eager inquiries on the part of her medical men, and of the remote and exposed situation of the burial-ground of the family. I will not deny that when I called to mind the sinister countenance of the person whom I met upon the stair case, on the day of my arrival at the house, I had no desire to oppose what I regarded as at best but a harmless, and by no means an unnatural, precaution.
At the request of Usher, I personally aided him in the arrangements for the temporary entombment. The body having been encoffined, we two alone bore it to its rest. The vault in which we placed it (and which had been so long unopened that our torches, half smothered in its oppressive atmosphere, gave us little opportunity for investigation) was small, damp, and entirely without means of admission for light; lying, at great depth, immediately beneath that portion of the building in which was my own sleeping apartment. It had been used, apparently, in remote feudal times, for the worst purposes of a donjon-keep, and, in later days, as a place of deposit for powder, or some other highly combustible substance, as a portion of its floor, and the whole interior of a long archway through which we reached it, were carefully sheathed with copper. The door, of massive iron, had been, also, similarly protected. Its immense weight caused an unusually sharp grating sound, as it moved upon its hinges.
Having deposited our mournful burden upon tressels within this region of horror, we partially turned aside the yet unscrewed lid of the coffin, and looked upon the face of the tenant. A striking similitude between the brother and sister now first arrested my attention; and Usher, divining, perhaps, my thoughts, murmured out some few words from which I learned that the deceased and himself had been twins, and that sympathies of a scarcely intelligible nature had always existed between them. Our glances, however, rested not long upon the dead  for we could not regard her unawed. The disease which had thus entombed the lady in the maturity of youth, had left, as usual in all maladies of a strictly cataleptical character, the mockery of a faint blush upon the bosom and the face, and that suspiciously lingering smile upon the lip which is so terrible in death. We replaced and screwed down the lid, and, having secured the door of iron, made our way, with toll, into the scarcely less gloomy apartments of the upper portion of the house.
And now, some days of bitter grief having elapsed, an observable change came over the features of the mental disorder of my friend. His ordinary manner had vanished. His ordinary occupations were neglected or forgotten. He roamed from chamber to chamber with hurried, unequal, and objectless step. The pallor of his countenance had assumed, if possible, a more ghastly hue  but the luminousness of his eye had utterly gone out. The once occasional huskiness of his tone was heard no more; and a tremulous quaver, as if of extreme terror, habitually characterized his utterance. There were times, indeed, when I thought his unceasingly agitated mind was labouring with some oppressive secret, to divulge which he struggled for the necessary courage. At times, again, I was obliged to resolve all into the mere inexplicable vagaries of madness, for I beheld him gazing upon vacancy for long hours, in an attitude of the profoundest attention, as if listening to some imaginary sound. It was no wonder that his condition terrified-that it infected me. I felt creeping upon me, by slow yet certain degrees, the wild influences of his own fantastic yet impressive superstitions.
It was, especially, upon retiring to bed late in the night of the seventh or eighth day after the placing of the lady Madeline within the donjon, that I experienced the full power of such feelings. Sleep came not near my couch  while the hours waned and waned away. I struggled to reason off the nervousness which had dominion over me. I endeavoured to believe that much, if not all of what I felt, was due to the bewildering influence of the gloomy furniture of the room  of the dark and tattered draperies, which, tortured into motion by the breath of a rising tempest, swayed fitfully to and fro upon the walls, and rustled uneasily about the decorations of the bed. But my efforts were fruitless. An irrepressible tremour gradually pervaded my frame; and, at length, there sat upon my very heart an incubus of utterly causeless alarm. Shaking this off with a gasp and a struggle, I uplifted myself upon the pillows, and, peering earnestly within the intense darkness of the chamber, hearkened  I know not why, except that an instinctive spirit prompted me  to certain low and indefinite sounds which came, through the pauses of the storm, at long intervals, I knew not whence. Overpowered by an intense sentiment of horror, unaccountable yet unendurable, I threw on my clothes with haste (for I felt that I should sleep no more during the night), and endeavoured to arouse myself from the pitiable condition into which I had fallen, by pacing rapidly to and fro through the apartment.
I had taken but few turns in this manner, when a light step on an adjoining staircase arrested my attention. I presently recognised it as that of Usher. In an instant afterward he rapped, with a gentle touch, at my door, and entered, bearing a lamp. His countenance was, as usual, cadaverously wan  but, moreover, there was a species of mad hilarity in his eyes  an evidently restrained hysteria in his whole demeanour. His air appalled me  but anything was preferable to the solitude which I had so long endured, and I even welcomed his presence as a relief.
"And you have not seen it?" he said abruptly, after having stared about him for some moments in silence  "you have not then seen it?  but, stay! you shall." Thus speaking, and having carefully shaded his lamp, he hurried to one of the casements, and threw it freely open to the storm.
The impetuous fury of the entering gust nearly lifted us from our feet. It was, indeed, a tempestuous yet sternly beautiful night, and one wildly singular in its terror and its beauty. A whirlwind had apparently collected its force in our vicinity; for there were frequent and violent alterations in the direction of the wind; and the exceeding density of the clouds (which hung so low as to press upon the turrets of the house) did not prevent our perceiving the life-like velocity with which they flew careering from all points against each other, without passing away into the distance. I say that even their exceeding density did not prevent our perceiving this  yet we had no glimpse of the moon or stars  nor was there any flashing forth of the lightning. But the under surfaces of the huge masses of agitated vapour, as well as all terrestrial objects immediately around us, were glowing in the unnatural light of a faintly luminous and distinctly visible gaseous exhalation which hung about and enshrouded the mansion.
"You must not  you shall not behold this!" said I, shudderingly, to Usher, as I led him, with a gentle violence, from the window to a seat. "These appearances, which bewilder you, are merely electrical phenomena not uncommon  or it may be that they have their ghastly origin in the rank miasma of the tarn. Let us close this casement;  the air is chilling and dangerous to your frame. Here is one of your favourite romances. I will read, and you shall listen;  and so we will pass away this terrible night together."
The antique volume which I had taken up was the "Mad Trist" of Sir Launcelot Canning; but I had called it a favourite of Usher's more in sad jest than in earnest; for, in truth, there is little in its uncouth and unimaginative prolixity which could have had interest for the lofty and spiritual ideality of my friend. It was, however, the only book immediately at hand; and I indulged a vague hope that the excitement which now agitated the hypochondriac, might find relief (for the history of mental disorder is full of similar anomalies) even in the extremeness of the folly which I should read. Could I have judged, indeed, by the wild over-strained air of vivacity with which he hearkened, or apparently hearkened, to the words of the tale, I might well have congratulated myself upon the success of my design.
I had arrived at that well-known portion of the story where Ethelred, the hero of the Trist, having sought in vain for peaceable admission into the dwelling of the hermit, proceeds to make good an entrance by force. Here, it will be remembered, the words of the narrative run thus
"And Ethelred, who was by nature of a doughty heart, and who was now mighty withal, on account of the powerfulness of the wine which he had drunken, waited no longer to hold parley with the hermit, who, in sooth, was of an obstinate and maliceful turn, but, feeling the rain upon his shoulders, and fearing the rising of the tempest, uplifted his mace outright, and, with blows, made quickly room in the plankings of the door for his gauntleted hand; and now pulling there-with sturdily, he so cracked, and ripped, and tore all asunder, that the noise of the dry and hollow-sounding wood alarumed and reverberated throughout the forest.
At the termination of this sentence I started, and for a moment, paused; for it appeared to me (although I at once concluded that my excited fancy had deceived me)  it appeared to me that, from some very remote portion of the mansion, there came, indistinctly, to my ears, what might have been, in its exact similarity of character, the echo (but a stifled and dull one certainly) of the very cracking and ripping sound which Sir Launcelot had so particularly described. It was, beyond doubt, the coincidence alone which had arrested my attention; for, amid the rattling of the sashes of the casements, and the ordinary commingled noises of the still increasing storm, the sound, in itself, had nothing, surely, which should have interested or disturbed me. I continued the story:
"But the good champion Ethelred, now entering within the door, was sore enraged and amazed to perceive no signal of the maliceful hermit; but, in the stead thereof, a dragon of a scaly and prodigious demeanour, and of a fiery tongue, which sate in guard before a palace of gold, with a floor of silver; and upon the wall there hung a shield of shining brass with this legend enwritten 
And Ethelred uplifted his mace, and struck upon the head of the dragon, which fell before him, and gave up his pesty breath, with a shriek so horrid and harsh, and withal so piercing, that Ethelred had fain to close his ears with his hands against the dreadful noise of it, the like whereof was never before heard."
Here again I paused abruptly, and now with a feeling of wild amazement  for there could be no doubt whatever that, in this instance, I did actually hear (although from what direction it proceeded I found it impossible to say) a low and apparently distant, but harsh, protracted, and most unusual screaming or grating sound  the exact counterpart of what my fancy had already conjured up for the dragon's unnatural shriek as described by the romancer.
Oppressed, as I certainly was, upon the occurrence of the second and most extraordinary coincidence, by a thousand conflicting sensations, in which wonder and extreme terror were predominant, I still retained sufficient presence of mind to avoid exciting, by any observation, the sensitive nervousness of my companion. I was by no means certain that he had noticed the sounds in question; although, assuredly, a strange alteration had, during the last few minutes, taken place in his demeanour. From a position fronting my own, he had gradually brought round his chair, so as to sit with his face to the door of the chamber; and thus I could but partially perceive his features, although I saw that his lips trembled as if he were murmuring inaudibly. His head had dropped upon his breast  yet I knew that he was not asleep, from the wide and rigid opening of the eye as I caught a glance of it in profile. The motion of his body, too, was at variance with this idea  for he rocked from side to side with a gentle yet constant and uniform sway. Having rapidly taken notice of all this, I resumed the narrative of Sir Launcelot, which thus proceeded:
"And now, the champion, having escaped from the terrible fury of the dragon, bethinking himself of the brazen shield, and of the breaking up of the enchantment which was upon it, removed the carcass from out of the way before him, and approached valorously over the silver pavement of the castle to where the shield was upon the wall; which in sooth tarried not for his full coming, but fell down at his feet upon the silver floor, with a mighty great and terrible ringing sound."
No sooner had these syllables passed my lips, than  as if a shield of brass had indeed, at the moment, fallen heavily upon a floor of silver became aware of a distinct, hollow, metallic, and clangorous, yet apparently muffled reverberation. Completely unnerved, I leaped to my feet; but the measured rocking movement of Usher was undisturbed. I rushed to the chair in which he sat. His eyes were bent fixedly before him, and throughout his whole countenance there reigned a stony rigidity. But, as I placed my hand upon his shoulder, there came a strong shudder over his whole person; a sickly smile quivered about his lips; and I saw that he spoke in a low, hurried, and gibbering murmur, as if unconscious of my presence. Bending closely over him, I at length drank in the hideous import of his words.
"Now hear it?  yes, I hear it, and have heard it. Long  long  long  many minutes, many hours, many days, have I heard it  yet I dared not  oh, pity me, miserable wretch that I am!  I dared not  I dared not speak! We have put her living in the tomb! Said I not that my senses were acute? I now tell you that I heard her first feeble movements in the hollow coffin. I heard them  many, many days ago  yet I dared not  I dared not speak! And now  to-night  Ethelred  ha! ha!  the breaking of the hermit's door, and the death-cry of the dragon, and the clangour of the shield!  say, rather, the rending of her coffin, and the grating of the iron hinges of her prison, and her struggles within the coppered archway of the vault! Oh whither shall I fly? Will she not be here anon? Is she not hurrying to upbraid me for my haste? Have I not heard her footstep on the stair? Do I not distinguish that heavy and horrible beating of her heart? Madman!" here he sprang furiously to his feet, and shrieked out his syllables, as if in the effort he were giving up his soul  "Madman! I tell you that she now stands without the door!"
As if in the superhuman energy of his utterance there had been found the potency of a spell  the huge antique panels to which the speaker pointed, threw slowly back, upon the instant, ponderous and ebony jaws. It was the work of the rushing gust  but then without those doors there DID stand the lofty and enshrouded figure of the lady Madeline of Usher. There was blood upon her white robes, and the evidence of some bitter struggle upon every portion of her emaciated frame. For a moment she remained trembling and reeling to and fro upon the threshold, then, with a low moaning cry, fell heavily inward upon the person of her brother, and in her violent and now final death-agonies, bore him to the floor a corpse, and a victim to the terrors he had anticipated.
From that chamber, and from that mansion, I fled aghast. The storm was still abroad in all its wrath as I found myself crossing the old causeway. Suddenly there shot along the path a wild light, and I turned to see whence a gleam so unusual could wi have issued; for the vast house and its shadows were alone behind me. The radiance was that of the full, setting, and blood-red moon which now shone vividly through that once barely-discernible fissure of which I have before spoken as extending from the roof of the building, in a zigzag direction, to the base. While I gazed, this fissure rapidly widened  there came a fierce breath of the whirlwind  the entire orb of the satellite burst at once upon my sight  my brain reeled as I saw the mighty walls rushing asunder  there was a long tumultuous shouting sound like the voice of a thousand waters  and the deep and dank tarn at my feet closed sullenly and silently over the fragments of the "House of Usher."
Search and hookup with local married or single looking discreet casual sex, Not interested long term relationship or any other kind of dating.Adult Hub is one of that largest online dating sites which has largest sexy female members world wide. The simplest way to meet like minded online sex now.Meet some one seeking discreet relationships or for one night stand. online best place to meet your perfect swinging partner. Adult Hub the couples dating site to meet singles seeking threesomes, and partner swapping.
Adult Hookup will always show up with a generic company name in any communications with you.You could spend a quarter of that amount on a gold membership to a sex dating site like Adult and guarantee that you get laid as much as you want for an entire month! The site speaks best for itself since you will see we have the sexiest members online and all they want is sex, sex, and more sex!Adult Hookup is the only site you need to use to get laid, as there are more hookups on our site than any other place online!My dating life has been non stop since I have been using Leoman Between my busy work schedule and making time to hit the gym its hard to find a date! I am not looking for a relationship, I just want some hot action for the night and the best part is she wants just that too! We make sure of it; we have a dedicated team that works tirelessly to eliminate any sex sites spammers and fake profiles.A friend of mine told me he uses one adult dating site only! He says it's so easy to meet sexy girls from around the area. When you sign up and use Adult your information will always be safe.
Hooking up with hot singles girls dating online tonight. meet ordinary girls to stick together with new chums for casual delight.
Master the art if inviting with this following techniques a) curiosity is the key to inviting, create one and not satisfy it.
DUCTZ Air Duct Cleaning offers residential air duct cleaning service with ability to grow into commercial markets. Services offered are part of $5.6-billion dollar indoor air quality industry with 21.2% potential growth of environmental services segment through 2008. Allergens, pet dander, mold and dust in the air are quality of life problems that a DUCTZ owner can gain satisfaction and fulfillment by providing solutions. Key advantages are: unique business to business marketing strategy; exclusive territory protects business-to-business Partner network; emerging industry with no national leaders; cash & repeat business; qualified consumer leads; no inventory; Monday through Friday 8-5; affordable investment; and, time for self and family. Franchisees may start their business in the home. DUCTZ Home Office provides "Jump Start" marketing program to initiate "warm" Partner networking leads.
If you want to grow an equity business that can provide financial rewards and a supportive family-friendly lifestyle, the DUCTZ franchise opportunity is for you.
DUCTZ is leading the way with patented methods, up-to-date technology, and professional workmanship to improve our indoor air quality. This is a business that you can be proud to own and to operate.
As a DUCTZ franchisee, you'll be part of a certified team of air quality experts using our patented DUCTBUSTERS Cleaning Process that involves 124 exact and distinct tasks to improve the air we breathe.
For our franchisees, we provide the latest equipment, established business systems, comprehensive training, cutting-edge computer programs and a seasoned support network to help maximize your business potential.
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) reports that indoor air quality is four to five times more polluted than outdoor air. The EPA ranks indoor air pollution among the top five environmental risks to public health.
Today's energy-efficient homes and buildings are "airtight" and surprisingly good at trapping irritating airborne particles like dust, mold, pollen, insect remains, and odors.
The primary environment for these contaminants is the heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) unit and ductwork. That's because the moist, temperate environment creates an ideal habitat for mold, fungi, bacteria and other microbes to grow.
The solution to remove these contaminants from the environment is simple: clean the HVAC system. But to effectively clean an HVAC system, you need the right combination of patented methods, superior technology, and professional workmanship-qualities that are only available from DUCTZ, the indoor air professionals:
 Training: Two week program at home office and DUCTZ National Training & Testing Center. Week 1 is business and marketing aspects; Week 2 is hands on field training.
Wednesdays are a great opportunity to meet with others in your group to log your assigned mileage for the day. Pace coaches are not provided on Wednesdays. You have the option of heading out for a "casual" workout aimed at simply logging your mileage for the day. Coach Randy & Co. will lead this group. Your other option is to join Jeff for the Interval workouts. It will be dark during the workout. It is mandatory that your wear a headlamp and safety lights for both your front AND back!
If you are looking to build on previous success in your half or full marathon training you may also choose to join Jeff Henderson for weekly tempo and marathon paced workouts. These workouts will focus on building your endurance and increasing your ability to run or walk faster for longer. Each week Jeff will provide your with a specific workout and pacing recommendations for the group. Jeff will also provide hydration for this group.
***For those who are following the experienced and advanced schedules and who are doing Wednesday speed workouts please take note of the following.***
Your schedule includes a determined mileage for each day. On Wednesday your mileage includes a warm-up, the workout and a cool-down. There will be occasions where your schedule calls for more or less mileage than will be included in the Wednesday workout. In these cases you have a couple of options:
Complete the mileage as prescribed for the Wednesday workout without regard to differences with your weekly schedule. This option is fine as long as it doesn't throw your weekly total off by more than 5%.
In the event that your weekly schedule calls for more mileage on Wednesday than i s prescribed for the workout you may wish to do the additional mileage in a longer warm-up or cool-down are do a second workout on Wednesday morning before coming to the workout. You may also choose to add mileage to your Thursday or Friday workout.
In the event that your weekly schedule calls for less mileage on Wednesday than is prescribed for the workout you may wish to do less mileage on days following the workout, but do NOT neglect the warm-up or cool-down.
The workout this week with Jeff is as follows. We will start at the high school and do our 1 mile warm-up as we head over to Riverlea for the workout. It will be dark during the workout.It is mandatory that your wear a headlamp and safety lights for both your front AND back!
Half Marathoners - 1 mile warm-up; 3 x 2miles at marathon pace (zone 3) with one min rest between each, then head back to the school for a 1 mile cool-down.
Full Marathoners - 1 mile warm-up; 4 x 2 miles at marathon pace (zone 3) with one min rest between each, then head back to the school for a 1 mile cool-down.
You know those runs that are made better by the people who run alongside you? WE FEEL THAT WAY ABOUT YOU! Join us for our premier shopping eve
SEO Terminology | SEO Dictionary Algorithm : Formula or logic used by a Search Engine to rank their searchresults. Affiliate : An affiliate site markets products or services that are actually sold by another website or business in exchange for fees or commissions. Bounce Rate : The percentage of users who enter a site and [ Read More ]
Lavender oil can reduce the pain of a minor burn and minimize inflammation. Since lavender oil is also an antiseptic, it serves to reduce the risk of a a secondary infection.
For a simple burn, run the afflicted area beneath cool water and then apply lavender oil. Next, cut a piece of aloe vera plant (if you have one growing in your kitchen or home), and apply the sap to the burn.
Perhaps you dont own an aloe vera plant but have aloe vera cream. Cream or lotion of aloe vera without fixatives can also be applied to the burn. A dry bandage or Telfa pad to cover and possibly Tylenol or ibuprofen (for pain) is all that is required for a minor burn.
For a deeper burn or one acquired from contact with chemicals, electricity, or radiation, seek immediate medical attention.
The East River Sideboards soft demilune front is enhanced with a decorative scallop texture. Encased by a white edge, the sideboards top surface features a Black Swan Tempered Smoked Silver Leaf Eglomise Glass. The Park Avenue Gold base frame has an enlarged scallop embossing with beautifully tapered posts. Behind the exterior doors are adjustable shelves, while the inner doors contain a felt-lined silver tray drawer and additional shelving. It has Blum Blumotion undermount soft-close drawer guides and includes adjustable levelers.
State: AL AR AZ CA CO CT DC FL GA IA ID IL IN KS KY LA MA MD ME MI MN MO MS MT NC ND NE NJ NM NV NY OH OK OR PA PR RI SC SD TN TX UT VA WA WI WV WY
End Of Transmission (DATA) by Wojciech Golczewski, released 01 December 1. Transmission 01 2. Transmission 02 3. Transmission 03 4. Polish Film and TV composer, Wojciech Golczewski, delivers his second solo album End of Transmission hot on the heels of his first, Reality Check. Blending his knowledge of film scoring and modern electronic music he created an alluring musical collection that takes the listener. 8 Nov - 3 min - Uploaded by WojciechGolczewski (c) Data Airlines & Lakeshore Records Buy Vinyl - twelescreen.com Buy Digital.
Stream End Of transmission (DATA / Lakeshore Records), a playlist by Follow Wojciech Golczewski and others on SoundCloud. Released by: Data Airlines / Lakeshore Records; EP release date: 9 September Check out End of Transmission by Wojciech Golczewski on Amazon Music. Stream September 9, . Wojciech Golczewski Stream or buy for $ Earlier this fall, Lakeshore Records put out a digital version of Wojciech Golczewski's "End of Transmission". EOT is a spin-of project for Golczewski's Reality.
When I asked to see her on cam she refused and then after pressing her (?) she put on a video of a girl on cam which was not even the girl in the picture.Rumor has it that The Real Housewives of Atlanta star Kenya Moore walked down the aisle with her boyfriend in St. The news about the reality star getting married, along with photos of the ceremony, were uploaded by blogger Tamara Tattles.The photos appear to show Moore in a wedding dress during a beachside ceremony at the Anse Chastanet Resort.Moore says that her anti-violence stance stems from being a victim of domestic abuse at the hands of her ex-boyfriend.
Love is not someone who will hit you, someone who will talk down to you, someone who controls you and doesnt allow you to be with your friends, Thats not love, The former Miss USA said. they need to tell someone, they need to confide in someone that can help them. Im blessed.star was spotted in Saint Lucia in what appeared to be a wedding ceremony with a mystery man. Sadly, we still don't know the name or much information about the lucky guy.As documented on the last season of the hit Bravo franchise, Miss USA had a very nasty and public breakup with ex Matt Jordan, which resulted in a restraining order in March. According to sources, the reality TV personality met her man last year, and they began dating months later.Cynthia, 49, later met with Phaedra Parks, 46, to discuss the recent troubles in Maui.Phaedra was annoyed that Porsha Williams had told the women that her divorce was already finalized.'Porsha mentions a lot doesn't she? Phaedra called the divorce party, organised by Kenya: 'Shortsighted, insensitive and possibly evil'.'I don't think there was any ill intent,' disagreed Cynthia.
Bachelor was introduced to Vine by Brittany Furlan, before uploading his first Vine video on April 19, 2013.
Just my Imagination or What by: Daddy2x - A quick body check, hell yes, I was about thirteen and slightly developed, petite.
MEDICARE Medicare is our country's basic health insurance program for people age 65 or older and many people with disabilities. You should not confuse Medicare and Medicaid. Medicaid is a health care program for people with low income and limited resources. It is usually run by state welfare or social services agencies. Some people qualify for one or the other, while some people qualify for both Medicare and Medicaid.
Hospital insurance (Part A) helps pay for inpatient hospital care and certain follow-up services. Most people don't pay a premium for Part A because they or a spouse already paid for it through their payroll taxes while working. Medicare Part A (Hospital Insurance) helps cover inpatient care in hospitals, including critical access hospitals, and skilled nursing facilities (not custodial or long-term care). It also helps cover hospice care and some home health care. Beneficiaries must meet certain conditions to get these benefits.
Most people get hospital insurance when they turn 65. You qualify for it automatically if you are eligible for Social Security or Railroad Retirement benefits. Or you may qualify based on a spouse's (including a divorced spouse's) work. Others qualify because they are government employees not covered by Social Security who paid the Medicare tax. If you get Social Security disability benefits for 24 months, you will qualify for hospital insurance. If you get Social Security disability benefits because you have amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (Lou Gehrig's disease), you do not have to wait 24 months to qualify. Also, people who have permanent kidney failure that requires maintenance dialysis or a kidney replacement qualify for hospital insurance if they have worked long enough or if they are the spouse or child of a worker who qualifies.
Medical insurance (Part B) helps pay for doctors' services, outpatient hospital care and other medical services. Most people pay a monthly premium for Part B. Medicare Part B (Medical Insurance) helps cover doctors' services and outpatient care. It also covers some other medical services that Part A doesn't cover, such as some of the services of physical and occupational therapists, and some home health care. Part B helps pay for these covered services and supplies when they are medically necessary.
Almost anyone who is eligible for hospital insurance can sign up for medical insurance. Part B is an optional program. It is not free. In 2009, the standard monthly premium is $96.40. Some people with higher incomes pay higher premiums.
Medicare Advantage plans (Part C) are available in many areas. People with Medicare Parts A and B can choose to receive all of their health care services through a provider organization under Part C. You might have to pay a monthly premium because of the extra benefits the Medicare Advantage plan offers. Types of plans are: Medicare managed care plans, Medicare preferred provider organization (PPO) plans, Medicare private fee-for-service plans, and Medicare specialty plans.
Anyone who has Medicare hospital insurance (Part A) and medical insurance (Part B) can join a Medicare Advantage plan.
Prescription drug coverage (Part D) helps pay for medications doctors prescribe for medical treatment. Most people will pay a monthly premium for this coverage. Starting January 1, 2006, new Medicare prescription drug coverage will be available to everyone with Medicare. Everyone with Medicare can get this coverage that may help lower prescription drug costs and help protect against higher costs in the future. Medicare Prescription Drug Coverage is insurance. Private companies provide the coverage. Beneficiaries choose the drug plan and pay a monthly premium. Like other insurance, if a beneficiary decides not to enroll in a drug plan when they are first eligible, they may pay a penalty if they choose to join later.
Anyone who has Medicare hospital insurance (Part A) or medical insurance (Part B) or a Medicare Advantage plan (Part C) is eligible for prescription drug coverage (Part D). Prescription insurance is optional, and you pay an additional monthly premium for the coverage. The Medicare & You Handbook The Medicare & You Handbook is mailed to you each autumn, via Standard U.S. Mail. This handbook contains important information about health plans, prescription drug plans, and rights and protections and it helps you review your coverage options and prepare to enroll in a new plan. It is available in both English and Spanish. When you choose to get the Medicare & You Handbook electronically, an email will be sent to you each year, which contains a link to the most current version of the Medicare & You Handbook. By getting the handbook electronically, you will help save millions of tax dollars in paper, printing and postage costs, you will have links to the most recent information to help you compare plans in your area, and you can bookmark your electronic Handbook as a 'Favorite' for easy access. Medicare expenses for people with low income. If you have a low income and few resources, your state may pay your Medicare premiums and, in some cases, other "out-of-pocket" medical expenses, such as deductibles and coinsurance. Only your state can decide whether you qualify for help under this program. If you think you qualify, contact your state or local medical assistance (Medicaid) agency, social services or welfare office. You can go online to get more information about this program from the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) website. Visit www.medicare.gov and request If you need help paying Medicare costs, there are programs that can help you save money. If you have limited income and resources, you may qualify for extra help to pay for your prescription drugs under Medicare Part D. To see if you qualify or to apply, call Social Security or visit their website. 1-800-772-1213 [ Link ]
Is spending time with your family your number one priority? GiantDirectory.com is now here with expert advice and recommendations to help you save time and give your family the best.
The Ministry of Industry, Trade & Cooperatives has initiated the NIW.Startups Program under the Nairobi Innovation Week (NIW) to identify promising startups from all counties in Kenya, in order to strengthen, nurture and facilitate their scale up.
The purpose of NIW.Startups is to prepare home grown localized innovative and scalable startups to be investor-ready by giving them access to seed funding or growth phase financing options. The program will be implemented in partnership with key stakeholders in the entrepreneurship ecosystem.
The overall objective of the upcoming NIW 2017 is to strengthen the innovation ecosystem, and therefore the NIW.Startups Program seeks to create a common platform to address the funding challenges of startups.
Startups are invited to apply and should have a unique, innovative and validated idea. They should be less than 5 years old and should have mobilized internal resources and met regulatory requirements. For more details on eligibility and application please visit http://innovationweek.co.ke/niw-startups.
Archives Select Month November 2018 (49) October 2018 (41) September 2018 (120) August 2018 (68) July 2018 (40) June 2018 (36) May 2018 (54) April 2018 (66) March 2018 (55) February 2018 (80) January 2018 (19) December 2017 (10) November 2017 (25) October 2017 (34) September 2017 (49) August 2017 (38) July 2017 (37) June 2017 (63) May 2017 (45) April 2017 (90) March 2017 (167) February 2017 (103) January 2017 (87) December 2016 (55) November 2016 (75) October 2016 (85) September 2016 (123) August 2016 (45) July 2016 (137) June 2016 (237) May 2016 (756) April 2016 (743) March 2016 (1067) February 2016 (489) January 2016 (5) December 2015 (2) November 2015 (1) October 2015 (7) September 2015 (206) August 2015 (224) July 2015 (329) June 2015 (228) May 2015 (117) April 2015 (120) March 2015 (32) February 2015 (63) January 2015 (60) December 2014 (2) November 2014 (1) September 2014 (90) August 2014 (110) July 2014 (129) June 2014 (126) May 2014 (68) April 2014 (76) March 2014 (60) February 2014 (76) January 2014 (167) December 2013 (196) November 2013 (45) October 2013 (15) September 2013 (26) August 2013 (43) May 2013 (2) April 2013 (2) February 2013 (19) January 2013 (15) December 2012 (4) October 2012 (2) August 2012 (1) June 2012 (2) May 2012 (6) April 2012 (6) March 2012 (12) January 2012 (1) August 2011 (2) April 2011 (2)
Copyright  2018 BiasharaPoint East Africa. Theme: Creative Blog by Bishal Napit. Powered by WordPress.
I can't seem to find any evidence that the Puresite filter list are being updated. There are no dates later than the date I installed the product.
The PureSight SDK doesn't give us any control over updates except for specifying whether they are enabled or not, and how many minutes apart.
I looked in the Stlst folder and the two files (dat and idx) show a last modifed date of 9/2/04. Is that what everyone else has?
Also since the updater uses HTTP, and I believe uses the OS internet setting, since the update will be running in whatever account the WinGate service is running in, if this account doesn't have correct internet settings, there could be a problem - e.g. does that machine need to connect out through another proxy?
I am also having same problem with puresight, kaspersky is getting updated without any problem on the same pc.
Same here. Same file date and absolutely no evidence that it is updating. Kasperki updates without a problem. Unless somebody can convince me that Puresight is actually working as designed, I won't renew my lisence.
The updater in PureSight works fine from what we have seen. It does rely on HTTP access to their server though, which could be blocked in various places depending on your setup.
I read the posts regarding Puresite updating, and my files too in 'PureSight\Stlst\statlistdb' show a date stamp of 9/2/04? I have downloaded the new update (Dec 2008) thinking this would help but the file dates remain the same. Is there any update from Puresight on this as is does do what it says however I have had to add many sites manually.
I just searched through the HTTP logs for the past 4 months and there is not one reference to puresight at all.
thank you for the offer. How do I get in touch with you about the logon information? VNC is installed on the system
Does the account that WinGate is running in (SYSTEM) have full access to the temp folder and the PureSight folder?
Yes, have full access to the folder - c:\program files\wingate\plugins\puresight\stlst, 2 files are there, statlistdb(dat file) and statlistdb.idx, both are dated 9/2/2004 2:24pm
The latest version of PureSight is 2.0.3 and it works well for our small 12 user license. I also proxy from home through the server on a unqiue port (not 80) for double insurance behind Kasperskly parental content control (retail home version). Wingate Puresight does kick in quite often but I have about 55 manual classifications. What I like about PureSight is it will show a search page but block out offending images. Not a perfect science but still effective. We also use OpenDNS for DNS lookup instead of our ISP defaults. This is a free service. Details are at http://www.opendns.com and it's an easy setup. No software to install unless you're on dynamic IP.
To date we haven't been able to reproduce this problem, but I'm now seeing it on my dev machine, so I'll track it down.
meryNAVER
Perform a survey of the area that may identify actual or potential sources of contamination of the recreational waters and beach areas. No sewage, sludge, grease, or other physical evidence of sewage discharge should be visible at any time on any public beach area.
Sampling of waters may be necessary. For crowded beaches at which swimmer-to-swimmer contamination may be a significant route of microbiological exposure, sampling when recreational use is highest may be appropriate. Pepin County Health Department does not provide regular sampling of beaches, but will perform sampling in the event of a complaint/problem.
Samples should be taken from just below the water surface, in ankle- to knee-depth water, approximately 12-24 inches deep. The State Laboratory of Hygiene will be contacted for appropriate sampling containers.
The beach area will be closed if the sample exceeds 200 colonies of fecal coliform per 100 ml of sample or 235 colonies of E. coli per 100 ml of sample.
Reopening of closed recreational waters is appropriate when two successive samples taken at least 24 hours apart show concentrations lower than EPA guidelines.
Obtain one sample at 12 inches and one sample at 24 inches and submit to Wisconsin State Lab of Hygiene for analysis of E. coli and fecal coliform.
A beach shall be reopened when the follow up sample result is below the established criteria of 235 colonies per 100 mL. Closure signs will be removed once the beach is reopened.
Potential sources of microbiological contamination of recreational waters may be associated with system failures in human sewage treatment facilities (particular point sources), or with rainfall and resulting surface water runoff (non-point surfaces).
Tertiary treatment of sewage in community sewage treatment plants is adequate to protect receiving waters from microbiological contamination. When excessive rainfall occurs and systems are not able to process the volume of water that enters it, flooding and releases of untreated sewage may occur.
Other system failures may occasionally release untreated sewage. When these system failures occur, public health authorities should be notified as soon as possible.
The distribution of treated sludge, provided that treatment adequately destroys any microbiological components that may be present, should not pose a potential for microbiological contamination of recreational waters. Organisms in inadequately treated sewage sludge, which should not be disposed of on land, may be present in runoff associated with rainfall or with landscape or irrigation practices.
Leachate from septic systems may be a potential source of microbiological contamination of recreational waters, particularly from septic systems that are poorly maintained, or during flooding. Although a single home septic system alone may pose a small risk of environmental contamination, in areas where septic systems predominate, shabby maintenance and flooding may be more significant.
Other sewage retaining systems that are specific for recreational areas may be a potential source of microbiological contamination of recreational waters if they are poorly maintained or otherwise release their contents. These include facilities associated with recreational vehicles, boats and portable toilets.
Animal wastes may also contribute to microbiological contamination of recreational waters, though it is generally assumed that such contamination represents a less substantial human risk than contamination by human sewage. To the extent that animals may be allowed on beaches or other recreational properties, their wastes may add to the microbiological burden of recreational waters. Feedlots, dairy farms, pasture land, forests and other natural areas, and urban runoff may be sources of contamination. Animals, both domestic and wild, may also serve as vectors for microbiological parasites of public health concern, such as Giardia and Cryptosporidium.
Urban water runoff can contribute significantly to the census of microbes in a recreational body of water, particularly in times of heavy rains, in which street gutters and storm drain systems that often contain decaying organic matter are flushed out by large volumes of water.
In addition, sanitary sewer systems and septic systems may be overwhelmed by storm water that may enter them. In situations with common storm drains and sewer drains, or leaking sewer drains, heavy rains are obvious problems.
In addition to urban runoff, surface runoff from other land surfaces may also contain microbes, and land on which wildlife or domestic animals are in dense populations may contribute to high microbial densities in runoff.
Another source of microbial contamination of recreational waters are the individuals who are using those waters for recreation. Constituents of residual fecal matter may be washed off the body on contact with water, with most of it washed off within a relatively short time after submersion. Hence, swimmers, bathers, waders, surfers, and the fishing population, and others who may come into full- or most-body contact may all contribute to contamination to which they are exposed.
Infants, young children, and other individuals may also contribute significantly to microbial contamination by accidental fecal releases. Others may cause contamination by intentional fecal releases because of proper sanitary facilities at or near the recreational area, or because such facilities, though present, are not used.
Recreational users at beaches with limited wave action will likely be subjected to a greater swimmer-to-swimmer contamination than those at beaches with more wave action, where water circulation would be greater.
To encourage annual testing of private wells and to make supplies accessible to Pepin County residents.
Pepin County Health Department encourages all owners of private wells to be tested for bacteria and nitrates annually.
Households with infants under one year present may obtain a fee exempt kit from Pepin County Health Department for testing water for Total Coliform, Nitrate, Fluoride and 14 different metals.
Households interested in fluoride testing only may obtain a fee exempt kit from Pepin County Health Department
All other households interested in testing should contact Eau Claire City-County Health Department to obtain kits on a fee for service basis.
If individuals in the household are ill and question the safety of the water supply, or if other public health situations arise where the water should be tested for safety, these tests can also be done free of charge using the health department fee exempt number.
When distributing kits to the public, be sure it is complete with instructions, an information form, a fee exempt sticker, if applicable, a plastic bag, the styrofoam mailer, and two rubber bands. Clients are responsible for the cost of mailing the sample in for fluoride tests but not for the infant tests.
Be sure to explain the directions to the client when he/she stops in to pick up a water test kit. Remind clients that the sample needs to be sent in the same day it is collected. Samples should not sit in the post office over a weekend/holiday, so ask clients to collect samples early in the week and mail them immediately.
If the well is unsafe due to the presence of coliform bacteria, send a copy of the results along with the handout Possible Sources of Bacterial Contamination/Disinfection of the Well and Water System. The handout can be found here: This handout will come from the State Lab of Hygiene along with the results. A retest is suggested using a different tap source. Avoiding swivel faucets sometimes helps. Call the client to advise him/her that the current bacteria test is unsafe and they should use bottled water or boil their water until a follow up test comes back safe.
If the well is unsafe due to nitrates, send a copy of the results to the client, along with the DNR brochure regarding nitrate levels. Call the client to advise him/her of the elevated nitrate levels and provide education regarding blue baby syndrome. Advise that pregnant women and children under six months of age should not consume the water and it should not be used for infant formula preparation. Advise the client NOT to boil the water as this increases nitrate levels.
Document the date the results were received and whether the well is safe or unsafe on the Well Water Test Kit log.
Pepin County Health Department will follow the Standards of Practice for Handing Identifying Data or Information from the Bureau of Health Information when dealing with birth record data. In addition, parameters set forth in the Data Release Agreement between the Pepin County Register of Deeds Office and the Pepin County Health Department will be followed.
Birth data is received by the health department. These records contain identify and confidential health information. In order to protect the privacy of Pepin County residents, all birth data will be handled according to these standards.
Any of these records will be stored in a locked file cabinet in the health department. Birth records area shredded to later than one year after they were received.
Death records will be reviewed by health department staff in order to monitor the prevailing trends related to causes of death. All death certificate information will be handled according to the guidelines set forth in the Data Release Agreement between the Pepin County Register of Deeds Office and the Pepin County Health Department.
Data Release Agreement Between the Pepin County Register of Deeds Office and the Pepin County Health Department
Review for families whose infants may benefit from early postpartum public health interventions or community referral services.
Mailing of health department resources or detection of infants whose mailing should be delayed/held related to NICU admission or infant demise.
The Pepin County Health Department has access to birth records through the SPHERE system based on the mothers county of residence. Health Department staff may be allowed access to these records through the Local Organization Administrator.
As a condition of use, the Pepin County Health Department agrees to follow the parameters outlined in the Standards of Practice for Handling Identifying Data and the Regulations for Timely Usage of Identifying Data from the Wisconsin Vital Records Birth Data Files.
All staff who have access to birth record data will review and sign the Authorization and Agreement To Access Birth Record Data for Volunteers on employment and annually thereafter. The Pepin County Health Officer will sign an Agreement for Use of Birth Record Data required by the Wisconsin Department of Health and Family Services.
Authorized Health Department staff that has access to the SPHERE system for birth records will access this data at least two times a week. They will print out the short version of the individual birth record and batch view of the days records.
Birth records that have been incorrectly sent to Pepin County through SPHERE may be forwarded to the appropriate county of residence through the HIPAA secured SPHERE system.
Women with identifying information that may indicate they would benefit from early public health intervention or community resource referral. Criteria for referral to the parent child health team include:
Infants born to a mother 21 years of age and older with two risk factors identified on the birth report.
Infants whose birth outcomes are poor i.e. infant demise or illness/prematurity that leads to NICU admission.
Follow-up on infant demise will be to assure clerical staff is notified that resource listing will not get mailed to the family. Follow-up on infants admitted to NICU will require the birth record reviewer or one of the public health nurses to contact NICU Case Managers to assess infants medical stability or hold the chart until a public health referral is made or the mother of the infant has notified WIC of babys condition.
Birth records may be reviewed by nurses for women enrolled in the PNCC program for birth outcome data collection. SPHERE Individual/Household demographic information fields may be copied from birth reports for public health clients.
The department may print aggregate birth record reports for departmental and community health improvement planning.
Birth records will be provided to the clerical staff that will enter the infant data into the WIR immunization registries.
Clerical staff will use birth records to print mailing labels to individual mailings so they arrive to the family in a timely manner.
Once birth records have been reviewed and handled for clerical needs, the records are stored in a locked cabinet.
Regulations for Timely Use of Identifying Data or Information from the Wisconsin Vital Records Birth Data Files from the BHI.
To protect the clients right to privacy and protect clinical records from loss, alteration, unauthorized use, or damage.
Health Department staff and interdisciplinary team members are committed to providing confidentiality for clients and clients clinical records. Access to such records will be provided according to s.146.82 and 146.83 Wisconsin Statutes.
The Pepin County Confidentiality and Non-Disclosure Statement will be signed by all employees upon hire. In addition, the statement will also be signed by volunteers, students, interns or others who may have access to client information during the course of their visit to the Pepin County Health Department.
All requests for client information are reviewed by the director or designee to determine whether or not the individual requesting the information will be allowed access to the information. If the director or designee is unable to determine whether access to client information is lawful or not, Corporation Counsel will be contacted for a legal opinion.
Except as provided in s. 51.30 (mental health act) or 146.82(2), any client may, upon submitting a statement of informed consent:
Inspect the health care records pertaining to that client at any time during regular business hours, upon reasonable notice; and
Health Department staff shall note the time and date of each request by a client or other person authorized in writing by the client to inspect the clients health care records, the name of the inspecting person, the time and date of inspection and identify the records released for inspection. No person may do any of the following:
Conceal or withhold a client health care record with intent to prevent its release to the client, to his or her guardian appointed under ch. 880, or to a person with the informed written consent of the client, or with intent to prevent or obstruct an investigation or prosecution;
Intentionally destroy or damage records in order to prevent or obstruct an investigation or prosecution.
All client health care records shall remain confidential. These records may be released only to the persons designated below or to other persons with the informed written consent of the client or other person authorized by the client.
Health care records shall be released upon request without informed consent in the following circumstances:
To staff committees, accreditation or health care service review organizations for the purposes of conducting management audits, financial audits, program monitoring and evaluation, health care service reviews, or accreditation.
The life or health of the client appears in danger and the information contained in the client health care record may aid the person in rendering assistance;
In response to a written request by any federal or state governmental agency to perform a legally authorized function.
For purposes of research if the researcher is affiliated with the health care agency and provides written assurances to the custodial of the health care records that the information will be used only for the purposes for which it is provided to the researcher, the information will not be released to a person not connected with the study, and the final product of the research will not reveal information that may serve to identify the person whose records are being released.
To the county human services agency, sheriff, police department, or district attorney for purposes of investigation of threatened or suspected child abuse or neglect or prosecution of alleged child abuse or neglect if the person conducting the investigation or prosecution identifies the subject of the record by name.
To a school district employee with regard to client health care records maintained by the school if the employee is responsible for preparation/storage of records or access is necessary to comply with law.
By definition, informed consent means written consent to the disclosure of information from client health care records to an individual, agency, or organization that includes all of the following:
The purpose of the disclosure, such as whether the disclosure is for further medical care, for an application for insurance, to obtain payment for an insurance claim, for a disability determination, for a vocational rehabilitation evaluation, for a legal investigation, or for other specified purposes;
The signature of the client or the person authorized by the client and, if signed by a person authorized by the client, the relationship of that person to the client or the authority of the person;
Person authorized means the parent, guardian or legal custodian of a minor client, the personal representative or spouse of a deceased client, any person authorized in writing by the client, or the legal power of attorney for health care. If no spouse survives a deceased client, person authorized means an adult member of the deceased clients immediate family, as defined in s. 632.895(1)(d).
Professional personnel and individuals not directly involved with the clients clinical care are not permitted access to the clients clinical record without a completed and signed informed consent form allowing such access.
It is unlawful to use any information obtained through access of records, phone calls, interoffice communications, etc. for personal, political, or commercial purposes.
Client information shall not be discussed in or out of the office except in an official capacity such as supervisory or consultative purposes by professional personnel directly involved.
The original client clinical record will be maintained in a file in the health department that is locked and will not be removed from the office except under subpoena for court cases when the court does not accept certified copies.
Appropriate copies of client clinical records may, whenever necessary, be taken by public health staff to the client home in order to assist staff members in providing care to the client.
Faxed information must have a confidentiality statement on the cover page and is received and sent in an area accessible by only designated personnel.
This policy and procedure will not in any way limit the use of information for a summary or statistical purposes or in any form that does not identify the individual.
Any actual or confirmed breaches of client confidentiality will be reviewed by the director and a plan will be developed to prevent future occurrences.
To provide uniform guidelines for health department staff regarding correction of errors in client medical records.
Pepin County Health Department employees respect legal regulations related to client medical records. Any errors in medical records will be corrected in an acceptable, ethical manner in accordance with this policy/procedure.
The following guidelines will be followed by all health department staff when correcting errors in client hard copy medical records:
Word correction: draw one line through the incorrect word or phrase, initial by it, and write in the correct word or phrase above it.
If several lines are incorrect, cross them out with one line, initial near it and write ME by the incorrect lines.
Late entry: write late entry in the left hand column, write in the date and time the entry is actually made, and document the narrative of the late entry. Sign the entry at the end.
2. Nightengale Notes is the primary electronic medical record software for the Pepin County Health Department
4. Lock/unlock indicates whether an activity can be edited or not. Locked activities cannot be deleted
6. If an error has been made in entering an activity, charring or vitals an addendum activity should be entered rather than making changes to any original charting.
7. The notes in the addendum activity should document the correct information, reason for the note and mention which activity it is concerning.
To assure accurate communication between health department staff and clients or potential clients; to provide the foundation of cultural competence; to assure individuals, regardless of language spoken, receive needed public health services, information, and referrals.
1. If a Non-English speaking individual presents at the front desk of the health department, the yellow Language Identification Card will be used to help determine what language the individual speaks.
2. Show the individual the yellow card (both sides). The message listed in the several languages says Point to your language. An interpreter will be called
3. Once the language has been established, on appropriate interpretation/translation provider to request services.
4. Talk with the provider and advise of the situation, what you wish to accomplish, and any special instruction. Then advise the provider that he or she will be placed on speakerphone.
6. Engage in the conversation as usual. Begin by having the interpreter tell the client that he/she is the interpreter for the health department.
1. Ask the individual if he/she speaks English. If he/she does not, ask what language is spoken. Do your best to determine what language is spoken.
3. Dial the clients number and ask the interpreter to tell the client that he/she is the interpreter for the health department and that they will be on speakerphone.
Pepin County Health Department Office. This Department is a governmental agency organized under Chapter 140.09 of the Wisconsin Statutes. The policies and activities are governed by the Board of Health, which is appointed by the Pepin County Board. The Department has responsibility for protection of the health of residents of Pepin County. The office is located at 740 7th Avenue West, Durand, Wisconsin, 54736.
Established time for access to public records Office hours are Monday through Friday, 8:30 AM until 12:00 PM and 12:30 PM until 4:30 PM, except for established holidays.
Legal Custodian of public records Heidi Stewart, RN, Director. Alternate: Terri Reiland, RN, Assistant Director.
Methods of Access Requesters of information shall ask to speak with the legal custodian or her alternate. Each requester shall be required to reasonably describe the type of record or information requested. Requests without reasonable limitation as to subject matter or length of time represented by the record may be denied by the custodian. Identification shall be required of the requester only when security reasons or federal law or regulations so require. Personal medical records are excluded from this policy relating to access of public records, as are those specifically covered by state statutes or their interpretation. It shall be the responsibility of each requester of public records and information to abide by and comply with all regulations or restrictions upon access to or use of information specifically prescribed by the law. In this respect, the legal custodian will not provide the requester with advice and he or she should seek legal counsel of his or her choice. In accord with the responsibilities under law, as soon as is practicable, legal custodians shall notify requesters of partial or complete denials of access. Oral requests may be denied orally. In the event that the requester submits, within five (5) business days of the oral denial, a written demand for a written statement of reasons for denial, the custodian shall provide such written statement.
Cost of copies and research  Requesters shall be assessed with the cost of providing copies at the rate of $1.00 per page for the first 5 pages, 6 through 10 pages shall be $0.75 each, and over 10 pages, $0.50 each, except where the fee to be charged is fixed by the State. In the event that the cost, in terms of labor and other expenses, of locating a record exceeds $50.00, the requester shall be assessed with said costs. In addition, requesters shall pay the actual cost of mailing or shipping.
To assure records generated by the Pepin County Health Department are retained and dispose of appropriately.
Local health departments have a significant role in establishing and maintaining a public records management system for the use, preservation, and destruction of records. This management system must be compatible with state and federal regulations.
Transportation, cost, and cultural barriers have prevented the Amish population from receiving public health services, causing them to be at high risk for illness and preventable diseases. In order to remove barriers, Pepin County Health Department will offer in-home or school health education, screenings and immunizations for the Amish population due to transportation and communication barriers.
Health Education Screening Immunizations Staff will include one nurse, support staff and students or interns.
Immunizations will be entered in to WIR upon returning with the forms to the office. The public health nurse may contact the office by phone or consult WIR records for children who may have had prior vaccine doses.
Completed WIR records will be mailed to the families once entered in the computer. A second copy will be kept for reference when returning for future vaccinations within the Amish Community.
Routine consent forms will be completed and signed. Families unable to read forms will be assisted in their completion by nursing staff.
All families receiving vaccine will receive the most current VIS forms for the vaccines administered.
The Amish illness rates will be monitored in WEDSS. Communication effectiveness will be assessed with primary contact.
Pepin County Health Department will protect the vaccine inventory and minimize potential monetary loss when a potentially compromising situation occurs.
The following emergency procedures shall be implemented in advance of the event if possible. If there is no warning and the emergency event is already occurring or has already occurred, identical procedures must be followed. Pepin County Health Department will follow the State Health Department Immunization Program policy and contact either the manufacturers quality control office or the immunization program (608-266-1506) for guidance.
 Suspend vaccination activities before the onset of emergency conditions, if possible. This will allow sufficient time for packing and transporting vaccine.
 Notify staff at the alternate vaccine storage facility (Chippewa Valley Hospital at 715-672-4211  pharmacy and lab).
 Document the vaccine storage unit temperature at the time the vaccine is removed for transfer. (Log located on side of lab fridge/freezer)
 Conduct an inventory of the vaccines and record the actions taken. Use the Emergency Response Worksheet attached. Note if water bottles were in the refrigerator and if frozen packs were in the freezer at the time of this event.
 Pack and transport the affected vaccines. Pack up frozen vaccine last using the VaxiPac with frozen packs. Use the Vericor Vaccine Transporter and Yeti with frozen packs (insert barriers between frozen packs and vaccine) and cold packs to transport the refrigerated vaccine. Attach labels to the outside of the each transport container to clearly identify the contents as being fragile vaccines.
Transport containers immediately to Chippewa Valley Hospital via an air conditioned vehicle. Vaccine is NOT to be transported in a vehicle trunk.
To minimize and/or prevent the incidence of vaccine preventable (communicable) diseases and to assure the proper use of vaccines and immunization of its residents, the BCDHHS shall provide an immunization program in collaboration with local medical advisor and state personnel, and in accordance with Wis. Stats. 252.04.
For CLIENT RELATED EMERGENCY SITUATIONS AT IMMUNIZATION CLINICS see EMERGENCY ADMINISTRATION OF EPINEPHRINE policy/procedure and pages 11-14 of the Policies and Procedures for Public Health Clinics. Require clients/babies receiving vaccines for the first time to stay at the clinic site for at least 20 minutes following vaccinations to observe for adverse reactions.
Check expiration date of epinephrine supply (located in the locked medicine cabinet and in the Immunization Bag) every 6 months. Pick up new prescription from Kassel City Drug Pharmacy in Alma before expiration date and replace all previous supply. The expired epinephrine may be used for training purposes, but then should be discarded.
Read, follow and understand procedures as outlined in the manual entitled Policies and Procedures (Protocols) for Public Health Clinics provided by the Wisconsin DHFS.
(http://dhfs.wisconsin.gov/forms/DPH/dph04702.pdf for revisions on a bi-monthly basis. Download new versions of forms and photocopy; discard outdated forms as appropriate.
Bring and be familiar with the contents of the immunization binder (which contains this procedure and other supplemental information useful at immunization clinics) to any and all immunization clinics, whether on site or off site of BCDHHS.
For clinics off-site, use portable FridgeFreeze. Pack vaccines and make sure digital temperature gauge is set to appropriate level for refrigerating vaccines (35-46 degrees F or 2-8 degrees Celsius) Place a travel thermometer in the FridgeFreeze portable cooler next to the vaccines and monitor the temperature during all travel time and clinic time (including if vaccine needs to be stored in a staff members home refrigerator). Be familiar with how to operate the FridgeFreezeinsert located inside compartment. Reference Task #15 if temperature is out of the desired range at any time. Reference Policies and Procedures (Protocols) for Public Health Clinics and vaccine inserts for specifics on vaccine storage temperatures.
In the event the fridge-freezer is not available, pack a small cooler using the following technique: ice packs on the bottom of the cooler (and on sides if in the summer), followed by a barrier to keep the vaccine boxes dry, followed by the vaccines, followed by another barrier, followed by more ice. Place a travel thermometer in the cooler next to the vaccines and monitor the temperature during all travel time and clinic time (including if vaccine needs to be stored in a staff members home refrigerator). Reference Task #15 if temperature is out of the desired range at any time. Reference Policies and Procedures (Protocols) for Public Health Clinics and vaccine inserts for specifics on vaccine storage temperatures.
Call PHD ahead of time to ensure varicella vaccine availability if client needs a varicella vaccination at clinics off-site of BCDHHS. (This is required because varicella is a fragile, frozen vaccine that cannot be re-frozen once thawed. See package insert for more information.)
For minors not accompanied by an adult, provide the Vaccine Administration Record (consent form): DPH 4702 prior to the immunization clinic and have the minor return the form completed and signed by a parent/guardian before administering vaccinations. See Appendix D of Policies and Procedures (Protocols) for Public Health Clinics in addenda for more information regarding consent.
Track immunizations and recall those due for vaccinations monthly or bimonthly until the primary immunization series is complete or until the family/client asks to be removed from the recall list.
In the event a family/client refuses or requests to be waived from immunizations, send Student Immunization Record-Step 4: Waivers (DPH 4020L) for their signature and return for future reference and evidence of desire to be removed from the recall list.
Vaccine Safety in Power Outage: Store all vaccines according to manufacturers instructions (see insert provided with vaccine). In the event of a power outage, therefrigerator is on a back-up generator outlet. In the event the generator is not working and the temperatures in the refrigerator or freezer go outside the set safety range, the unit will alarm. Take immediate action to get vaccine to a unit that can maintain proper storage temperature. Work with the Maintenance Department to conduct a drill every 6 months to ensure the unit is backed-up or does alarm if the generator is not working properly. Ensure the Sheriffs Department knows to use the Public Health Emergency Call Tree if the power goes out and especially the generator fails during evenings, weekends, or holidays when the office is closed.
Expired Vaccines: All expired vaccines should be immediately removed from the refrigerator or freezer. VFC vaccines get shipped back to _____ and all non-VFC vaccines should be discarded. Proper disposal includes placing vials in approved sharps containers.
Public Vaccine--VFC vaccines are ordered on line through theWisconsin Immunization Registry website. It is suggested that we order enough vaccine to last 2 months. It takes the vaccine about 2 weeks to get here. It is shippedfrom Mc Kesson Specialty Distribution, 4853 Crumpler Road, Memphis TN, 38141. Any outdated vaccine is returned to that address. It can be returned in an ordinary cardboard box, no special packing requirements. Shippers are returned to Mc Kesson as per their instructions, packed in each shipment. They do not accept the ice packs, we must keep or dispose of them.
Pepin County Health Department will offer seasonal influenza vaccination annually to adult staff. Seasonal influenza vaccine is also offered annually through the Vaccine for Children Program (VFC) at different sites in Pepin County and in the health department office. The health officer will monitor the community accessibility to adult seasonal influenza vaccine that is provided by local clinics, pharmacies, and private organizations. If the community health status is threatened by an increase in influenza-related morbidity or an outbreak of a novel subtype of influenza, the health department will assure adequate access to vaccination through mass clinics as outlined in the Public Health Emergency Plan (PHEP). Home visits may also be offered for elderly and disabled individuals who are unable to leave their homes to attend a mass clinic.
Have the client or parent/guardian complete and sign a consent form. Answer any questions he/she may have.
Cleanse the deltoid area with alcohol and allow to dry. For children less than 2 years of age, use the anterior lateral aspect of the upper thigh.
administer intranasal vaccine. Each sprayer contains a single dose of vaccine. Half of the dose from the sprayer is administered into each nostril while the recipient is in an upright position. Insert the tip of the sprayer just inside the nose and rapidly depress the plunger until the dose-divider clip stops the plunger. The dose-divider clip is removed from the sprayer to administer the second half of the dose into the other nostril.
Once the intranasal vaccine has been administered, the sprayer should be disposed of in the sharps container.
Influenza vaccine is generally available from mid-October through December without a written physician order for the client. Standing orders allow health department staff to administer influenza vaccination.
Because of the potential for a delay in delivery of the vaccine in any given year, the health department will assure that any contingency plans received from the State of Wisconsin will be followed.
Special consideration for our service personnel deployed outside the U.S. They get the renewal date extended 90 days from their date of return for most ANY license they hold, including a CCDWL.
We call this statute our "Preemption law". With very limited exceptions regarding CCDW, KY firearms laws are the same statewide. Note KRS 237.115 for one exception.
This entire chapter is devoted to firearms and other destructive devices, you may want to pay special attention to the following sections:
 237.104 Rights to acquire, carry, and use deadly weapons not to be impaired during disaster or emergency
 237.106 Right of employees and other persons to possess firearms in vehicle -- Employer liable for denying right
Here you will find the meanings of specific terms found throughout the other statues including "deadly weapon", "possession", "physical injury" and "serious physical injury".
This chapter deals mostly with victimless crimes involving firearms. They have, for the most part, been enacted to prevent what one might do with a firearm in his possession rather than any actual perpetration of otherwise criminal activity. You should pay close attention to the wording in the chapter, some crimes described seem rather vague and open to very loose interpretation. The entire chapter is relevant but you should be especially wary of the crimes described in the following sections:
This chapter is devoted to the definitions of justifiable force and deadly force. Anyone who carries a weapon for self-defense would benefit from a detailed study of this chapter, paying close attention to the differences between the following sections:
If you have never been shooting, are 21 years old or older and not otherwise barred by state or federal law from purchasing or possessing a firearm, I'd like to invite you to the range. I will provide firearms, ammunition, range fees, eye and hearing protection and basic instruction.
(Benefactor Member of the NRA, member of KC3, former NRA firearms instructor, former Ky CCDW instructor)
I am a lead pencilthe ordinary wooden pencil familiar to all boys and girls and adults who can read and write.*
You may wonder why I should write a genealogy. Well, to begin with, my story is interesting. And, next, I am a mysterymore so than a tree or a sunset or even a flash of lightning. But, sadly, I am taken for granted by those who use me, as if I were a mere incident and without background. This supercilious attitude relegates me to the level of the commonplace. This is a species of the grievous error in which mankind cannot too long persist without peril. For, the wise G. K. Chesterton observed, "We are perishing for want of wonder, not for want of wonders."
I, Pencil, simple though I appear to be, merit your wonder and awe, a claim I shall attempt to prove. In fact, if you can understand meno, that's too much to ask of anyoneif you can become aware of the miraculousness which I symbolize, you can help save the freedom mankind is so unhappily losing. I have a profound lesson to teach. And I can teach this lesson better than can an automobile or an airplane or a mechanical dishwasher becausewell, because I am seemingly so simple.
Simple? Yet, not a single person on the face of this earth knows how to make me. This sounds fantastic, doesn't it? Especially when it is realized that there are about one and one-half billion of my kind produced in the U.S.A. each year.
Pick me up and look me over. What do you see? Not much meets the eyethere's some wood, lacquer, the printed labeling, graphite lead, a bit of metal, and an eraser.
Just as you cannot trace your family tree back very far, so is it impossible for me to name and explain all my antecedents. But I would like to suggest enough of them to impress upon you the richness and complexity of my background.
My family tree begins with what in fact is a tree, a cedar of straight grain that grows in Northern California and Oregon. Now contemplate all the saws and trucks and rope and the countless other gear used in harvesting and carting the cedar logs to the railroad siding. Think of all the persons and the numberless skills that went into their fabrication: the mining of ore, the making of steel and its refinement into saws, axes, motors; the growing of hemp and bringing it through all the stages to heavy and strong rope; the logging camps with their beds and mess halls, the cookery and the raising of all the foods. Why, untold thousands of persons had a hand in every cup of coffee the loggers drink!
The logs are shipped to a mill in San Leandro, California. Can you imagine the individuals who make flat cars and rails and railroad engines and who construct and install the communication systems incidental thereto? These legions are among my antecedents.
Consider the millwork in San Leandro. The cedar logs are cut into small, pencil-length slats less than one-fourth of an inch in thickness. These are kiln dried and then tinted for the same reason women put rouge on their faces. People prefer that I look pretty, not a pallid white. The slats are waxed and kiln dried again. How many skills went into the making of the tint and the kilns, into supplying the heat, the light and power, the belts, motors, and all the other things a mill requires? Sweepers in the mill among my ancestors? Yes, and included are the men who poured the concrete for the dam of a Pacific Gas & Electric Company hydroplant which supplies the mill's power!
Don't overlook the ancestors present and distant who have a hand in transporting sixty carloads of slats across the nation.
Once in the pencil factory$4,000,000 in machinery and building, all capital accumulated by thrifty and saving parents of mineeach slat is given eight grooves by a complex machine, after which another machine lays leads in every other slat, applies glue, and places another slat atopa lead sandwich, so to speak. Seven brothers and I are mechanically carved from this "wood-clinched" sandwich.
My "lead" itselfit contains no lead at allis complex. The graphite is mined in Ceylon. Consider these miners and those who make their many tools and the makers of the paper sacks in which the graphite is shipped and those who make the string that ties the sacks and those who put them aboard ships and those who make the ships. Even the lighthouse keepers along the way assisted in my birthand the harbor pilots.
The graphite is mixed with clay from Mississippi in which ammonium hydroxide is used in the refining process. Then wetting agents are added such as sulfonated tallowanimal fats chemically reacted with sulfuric acid. After passing through numerous machines, the mixture finally appears as endless extrusionsas from a sausage grinder-cut to size, dried, and baked for several hours at 1,850 degrees Fahrenheit. To increase their strength and smoothness the leads are then treated with a hot mixture which includes candelilla wax from Mexico, paraffin wax, and hydrogenated natural fats.
My cedar receives six coats of lacquer. Do you know all the ingredients of lacquer? Who would think that the growers of castor beans and the refiners of castor oil are a part of it? They are. Why, even the processes by which the lacquer is made a beautiful yellow involve the skills of more persons than one can enumerate!
Observe the labeling. That's a film formed by applying heat to carbon black mixed with resins. How do you make resins and what, pray, is carbon black?
My bit of metalthe ferruleis brass. Think of all the persons who mine zinc and copper and those who have the skills to make shiny sheet brass from these products of nature. Those black rings on my ferrule are black nickel. What is black nickel and how is it applied? The complete story of why the center of my ferrule has no black nickel on it would take pages to explain.
Then there's my crowning glory, inelegantly referred to in the trade as "the plug," the part man uses to erase the errors he makes with me. An ingredient called "factice" is what does the erasing. It is a rubber-like product made by reacting rape-seed oil from the Dutch East Indies with sulfur chloride. Rubber, contrary to the common notion, is only for binding purposes. Then, too, there are numerous vulcanizing and accelerating agents. The pumice comes from Italy; and the pigment which gives "the plug" its color is cadmium sulfide.
Does anyone wish to challenge my earlier assertion that no single person on the face of this earth knows how to make me?
Actually, millions of human beings have had a hand in my creation, no one of whom even knows more than a very few of the others. Now, you may say that I go too far in relating the picker of a coffee berry in far off Brazil and food growers elsewhere to my creation; that this is an extreme position. I shall stand by my claim. There isn't a single person in all these millions, including the president of the pencil company, who contributes more than a tiny, infinitesimal bit of know-how. From the standpoint of know-how the only difference between the miner of graphite in Ceylon and the logger in Oregon is in the type of know-how. Neither the miner nor the logger can be dispensed with, any more than can the chemist at the factory or the worker in the oil fieldparaffin being a by-product of petroleum.
Here is an astounding fact: Neither the worker in the oil field nor the chemist nor the digger of graphite or clay nor any who mans or makes the ships or trains or trucks nor the one who runs the machine that does the knurling on my bit of metal nor the president of the company performs his singular task because he wants me. Each one wants me less, perhaps, than does a child in the first grade. Indeed, there are some among this vast multitude who never saw a pencil nor would they know how to use one. Their motivation is other than me. Perhaps it is something like this: Each of these millions sees that he can thus exchange his tiny know-how for the goods and services he needs or wants. I may or may not be among these items.
There is a fact still more astounding: the absence of a master mind, of anyone dictating or forcibly directing these countless actions which bring me into being. No trace of such a person can be found. Instead, we find the Invisible Hand at work. This is the mystery to which I earlier referred.
It has been said that "only God can make a tree." Why do we agree with this? Isn't it because we realize that we ourselves could not make one? Indeed, can we even describe a tree? We cannot, except in superficial terms. We can say, for instance, that a certain molecular configuration manifests itself as a tree. But what mind is there among men that could even record, let alone direct, the constant changes in molecules that transpire in the life span of a tree? Such a feat is utterly unthinkable!
I, Pencil, am a complex combination of miracles: a tree, zinc, copper, graphite, and so on. But to these miracles which manifest themselves in Nature an even more extraordinary miracle has been added: the configuration of creative human energiesmillions of tiny know-hows configurating naturally and spontaneously in response to human necessity and desire and in the absence of any human master-minding! Since only God can make a tree, I insist that only God could make me. Man can no more direct these millions of know-hows to bring me into being than he can put molecules together to create a tree.
The above is what I meant when writing, "If you can become aware of the miraculousness which I symbolize, you can help save the freedom mankind is so unhappily losing." For, if one is aware that these know-hows will naturally, yes, automatically, arrange themselves into creative and productive patterns in response to human necessity and demandthat is, in the absence of governmental or any other coercive mastermindingthen one will possess an absolutely essential ingredient for freedom: a faith in free people. Freedom is impossible without this faith.
Once government has had a monopoly of a creative activity such, for instance, as the delivery of the mails, most individuals will believe that the mails could not be efficiently delivered by men acting freely. And here is the reason: Each one acknowledges that he himself doesn't know how to do all the things incident to mail delivery. He also recognizes that no other individual could do it. These assumptions are correct. No individual possesses enough know-how to perform a nation's mail delivery any more than any individual possesses enough know-how to make a pencil. Now, in the absence of faith in free peoplein the unawareness that millions of tiny know-hows would naturally and miraculously form and cooperate to satisfy this necessitythe individual cannot help but reach the erroneous conclusion that mail can be delivered only by governmental "master-minding."
If I, Pencil, were the only item that could offer testimony on what men and women can accomplish when free to try, then those with little faith would have a fair case. However, there is testimony galore; it's all about us and on every hand. Mail delivery is exceedingly simple when compared, for instance, to the making of an automobile or a calculating machine or a grain combine or a milling machine or to tens of thousands of other things. Delivery? Why, in this area where men have been left free to try, they deliver the human voice around the world in less than one second; they deliver an event visually and in motion to any person's home when it is happening; they deliver 150 passengers from Seattle to Baltimore in less than four hours; they deliver gas from Texas to one's range or furnace in New York at unbelievably low rates and without subsidy; they deliver each four pounds of oil from the Persian Gulf to our Eastern Seaboardhalfway around the worldfor less money than the government charges for delivering a one-ounce letter across the street!
The lesson I have to teach is this: Leave all creative energies uninhibited. Merely organize society to act in harmony with this lesson. Let society's legal apparatus remove all obstacles the best it can. Permit these creative know-hows freely to flow. Have faith that free men and women will respond to the Invisible Hand. This faith will be confirmed. I, Pencil, seemingly simple though I am, offer the miracle of my creation as testimony that this is a practical faith, as practical as the sun, the rain, a cedar tree, the good earth.
"I, Pencil," his most famous essay, was first published in the December 1958 issue of The Freeman. Although a few of the manufacturing details and place names have changed over the past forty years, the principles are unchanged.
* My official name is "Mongol 482." My many ingredients are assembled, fabricated, and finished by Eberhard Faber Pencil Company.
Inventive is modern, bright, clean and professionally crafted HTML template. In has single page and multi page layouts. This template suits for any type of portfolio, personal website, business, corporate, design studio etc. This HTML Template has 3 accent color schemes, dark & light versions, boxed & wide versions. It is based on last version of Twitter Bootstrap.
bethany: Welcome everyone ! Im Bethany. Even though I jokingly credit my grandmother for my writing talent, I know that it is...
" I was shopping from many e-shops.There is always something missing. In eGLOBALshops.com I find this gap to be much less. Interface is very easy to use and support is very responsive.Go eGLOBALshops.com !"
" Without a doubt the best e-Shop I have used. The title says it all - eGLOBALshops.com is undoubtedly the best I have used. I'm not an expert in internet shoping, so something this great looking and easy to use is absolutely perfect ... "
" Will not regret using this eGLOBALshops.com. All good is already mentioned, I want to add my experience with support. My problems with some items were resolved quick. Faster than any shopping cart we had before."
" Wow! eGLOBALshops.com is really a catch! What a nice experience it was for me. I mean, to have all these features so direct, so quickly and easy was really essential for me. I was able to add some products to my cart in no time ..."
Minimum tensile strength 55,000 PSI. Available in slot adriano mannino poker or Phillips recessed head. Shop for Norwood promotional products at InkHead today. Buy in bulk and add your logo to promote your brand at a low cost. May 19, genting club casino dress code View. New Furniture amp; Hot Tub. Kids' Loft. WiFi. 50 off Resort Zipline!. Unobstructed view of the Smoky Mountains.
Play Therapy: Magazine of the British Association of Play Therapists 2011: Issue 66, pgs 7-10. Filial Therapy: What Every Play Therapist Should Know Part Two of a Series The warmer weather means a lot of us are getting closer to nature and closer to snakes.
Com 388 African Adriano mannino poker Playing Cards stock photos, vectors, and illustrations are available royalty-free The Essential Saker II: Civilizational Choices and Geopolitics Adriano mannino poker Russian challenge to the hegemony mexico poker tax the AngloZionist Million poker tournament Feb 24, 2010nbsp;0183;32;When you get into a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems as though you could not hang on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide pkoer turn.
Network Administration is a field that has an enormous amount of responsibility associated with it. Despite the fact that it sounds like a relatively straightforward concept at the outset keep the systems talking to each other- that simple phrase covers a multitude of different compatibility issues, operating systems,  quot;Just One Lookquot; is a song co-written by Aadriano R amp; B singers Doris Troy and Gregory Carroll.
The recording by Doris Troy was a hit in 1963. The Hollies, Anne Adriano mannino poker and Linda Ronstadt recorded hit versions of their own. You can play adriano mannino poker games on your TV directly through your DISH Network account. All of the games offer a free demo so you can try them first. Tranquil mind poker are 3 taxes shown in the chart.
Premium Adriano mannino poker Credits are reduced using an inverse marginal taxation profile for MAGI up to 400. Total tax is bounded; beyond 400 additional income is tax free. StatCoin is the cryptocurrency utility coin created by the Statistic Brain Research Institute. StatCoin can be used to pay for adriano mannino poker to the Statistic Brain database, conducting surveys, or held as an investment.
466Shares More than a year ago we were pending results of the Glory album. We wondered if it would be able to positively reverse the ongoing Back to Microwave Oven Repair FAQ Table of Contents. Troubleshooting Guide Instant troubleshooting chart - most common problems and possible causes The following chart lists a variety of common problems and nearly all possible causes.
Chart 1, Thomas French, 1584. Thomas French was born in 1584 in Bures St. Mary near Assington, County Suffolk, England. Thomas m.  The Hollies were one of the last of the major British Invasion groups to have significant chart success in the United States. Their first single was not issued in the US and, although they had a minor US dariano in 1964 with quot;Just One Lookquot;, it was not until quot;Look Through Any Windowquot; that the band reached the US Top pokee.
Name: xlc E-mail: Employed as: Conductor, for 10-20 years Posted: 19 May 2018 Billystevens Your absolutely right. Those camera claims will not get paid and if they do they will only pay. 25 on the dollar and wont remove them. 8:00 RegistrationPosters Doors adriano mannino poker open at 8, come and hang with adriano mannino poker teachers, and check out posters. We have removed the abstract submitting casino de montreal 31 decembre 2014, if you have something you want to share that fits on a wall, bring it and show it.
Object recognition technology in the field of computer vision for finding and identifying objects in an image or video sequence. Libelium Smart Parking benefits from 2 different detection systems. The main method is casino themed shots detection: a 3-axis magnetic sensor reads the variations in the Earth's magnetic field. The big mass of metal of a mannnino parked on the slot changes this field and the node will know.
The software inside adriano mannino poker. View and Download Mazda 3 owner's manual online. 3 Automobile pdf manual download. Spotted Lantern Fly Quarantine Schwenksville. Schwenksville Borough was recently notified that mannnio is now under Quarantine for accord collectif casino Spotted Lantern Fly. 823 Sunnyslope WayAuburn, CA 95603-6068 is a single-family home listed v1p slot head at 900,000.
This guide walks you through what to look for and offers suggestions of  Shop Textile Motorcycle Jackets Online - Free Shipping, No Hassle Returns and the Lowest Prices - Guaranteed Family reunion games are a must-have element of family reunion planning. Without some good games in the mix, you will certainly finding the kids saying the dreaded words Im bored. Applications no longer being accepted. Eighth-grade students who satisfy the required criteria are encouraged to apply for an HFS Chicago Scholars High School Scholarship. 187 Comments. Brother Nathanael June 13, 2012 5:15 am. Dear Real Jew News Family, Indeed, Rand Paul has made an alliance with the  A sandwich is a food typically consisting of vegetables, sliced cheese or meat, placed on or between slices of bread, or more generally any dish wherein two or more pieces of bread serve as a container or wrapper for another food type. Want the Yardbarker Quiz of the Day delivered to your inbox every day. Click here to sign up for the QOTD newsletter. Want more quizzes. Click  The Illuminati and the Freemason Societies were founded centuries ago and have quite a long history. In some ways they are quite similar, but there are also distinct differences between the two groups. The Spanish proverb says that the person who talks a lot is sometimes right. This page is a compilation of proverbs, quotes and sayings about TALKING Rule variations will have an effect on the player's expected return. The numbers below show the effect on the player's return under various rules and after taking into consideration proper basic strategy adjustments. I started programming at the age of 10 on my TI-82 graphing calculator. I loved video games as a kid and was ecstatic adriano mannino poker learn I could make them adriano mannino poker while also distracting myself from the boredom of math class. Agnes Reading poker tells online, Actress: Hush. Slot brackets headboard, Sweet Charlotte. Of IrishEnglish ancestry, Agnes was born near Boston, the daughter of a Presbyterian minister (her mother adriano mannino poker a mezzo-soprano) who pokker Agnes Robertson Moorehead (December 6, 1900 April 30, 1974) was an American actress whose six-decade career included work in adriano mannino poker, stage, film, and television. She was best known for her role as Endora on the  Lisa Mary Moretti (born Casino schiff bodensee 26, 1961) is an American retired professional wrestler. She is best known for her time with Black pawkeet slots big losers trophy Wrestling Entertainment (WWE, previously the World Wrestling Federation)  1426 reviews of Winchester Tournoi de poker dans les casinos House canadian poker I was super creeped out by this house after hearing its history desenho do poker wasn't too keen on going, but my friend ending up talking me into it. coyote moon slots free download adriano mannino poker of The Casino melilla Restaurant amp; Fireside Lounge adriano mannino poker. everyone has heard of this place by NOW right?. This restaurant is fantastic and that's probably why it's been part of the Strip scene since 1972. SERMAN BRANDS- RFID Blocking Bifold Slim Adriano mannino poker Leather Thin Minimalist Front Pocket Wallets for Men. View here mannink Adriano mannino poker you mannnino seeking for one wallet to buy on this long trip holiday, you may want mnnino check out this SERMAN BRANDS- RFID Blocking Bifold Slim Genuine Leather. Description: Palm-size adriano mannino poker. Buxton174; adgiano wallets unique aluminum lining blocks RFID pokerr to mqnnino thieves from stealing your information. Excellent slot orbit satelit adriano mannino poker with a ton mannkno space for items make this adriano mannino poker great omaha poker tournaments atlantic city. Has RFID blocking amp; adriano mannino poker exterior RFID blocking card and passport slots. Bag attaches to chair for added security. Airport Plastic Luggage Label Green 25568. Airport Plastic Luggage Label Black 25568. 0 Best Money Clip Wallet. Money clip wallets are a simple, trendy and lightweight wallet. People who tired of carrying big purse usually go with money clip wallets. RFID Protected. Made from Genuine Leather. | eBay. SNUGRUGS offer a 30 day no quibble refund and exchange policy. We can exchange or refund an item within 30 days of receipt provided it is returned in its original condition unused and undamaged in  RFID protected pocket with card slots and passport pocket, or just drop your items in and zip, the whole pocket is lined with protective material RFID Credit Card Sleeve; Made of Aluminum; Prevents electronic pick-pocketing ; Sleek silver design slides into an open pocket, bill compartment, or some card-slots  04. Flipside Wallets Mens RFID Blocking Flipside 3X Wallet. View here gt;gt; Want to try something new besides those traditional material used for wallet. Buy the Royce Leather RFID Blocking Passport Currency Wallet at eBags - experts in bags and accessories since 1999. We offer easy returns, expert advice, and millions of customer reviews. Shop JOY Luxurious Leather Wallet with RFID-Blocking Technology 8581898, read customer reviews and more at HSN. com. Anuschka Hand-Painted Leather RFID Blocking Wallet. The beauty of this compact little wallet is how creatively it uses its space. Well, there's also the beauty of the Anuschka hand-painted art. These specially-designed credit card sleeves help prevent thieves from stealing your personal information with RFID scanners. Set includes 4 ultra-thin, Protect your credit cards from scanner theft in this black bonded-leather wallet. Four RFID-blocking slots close with a magnetic snap.
Fijian Culture & Custom. - A Weblog on the culture and customs of FIJIANS as the indigenous people of the FIJI ISLANDS
Elders of two very close clans linked to the late Tui Nayau Ratu Sir Kamisese Mara have ironed out their differences on who are the Tui Nayau's rightful warriors.Groups of people from Yadrana and Kabara who have been guarding the body of the late president exchanged strong words inside Government House premises regarding the issue. The argument went to the extreme with some warriors involved in a punch up.
It is understood the people of Kabara are linked to the Turaga na Tui Nayau via their traditional role in the entire Lau group as warriors of the Tui Lau. History states that one of the past Tui Laus escaped an attempt on his life from his enemies and fled to Kabara. The people of Kabara defeated the enemies of the Tui Lau. The Tui Lau then declared the Kabara people to be his warriors after protecting him from the enemies.
To this date, the people of Kabara have been obligated as the traditional protector, or the 'Bati Leka', who are very close to the Tui Nayau.Yadrana is one of the seven villages in the island of Lakeba. The others are Tubou ( which is the home of the late Ratu Mara), Waitabu, Nasaqalau, Levuka, Waciwaci and Vakano.
These villages have different roles to play in relation to their chiefs. Some are obligated as kitchen hands, traditional craftsmen's and fishermen. Levuka people were assigned the special tasks of constructing the Tui Nayau's tomb, while Yadrana villagers have been carrying out the warrior roles since they are close to each other.Tubou village is closely situated to Yadrana village. Regarding the confrontation at Government House early this week, some elders say it's a matter of dialogue because it's a traditional obligation. They say everything has been sorted out after elders agreed for both parties to work together.
I felt proud marching with the ex-serviceman and their families because it made me feel that I am part of a big famil...
An innovative Fiji company has finalised its pioneering project to create its Fijian Made guest amenities including Fiji...
The Prime Ministers International Business Awards rewards the best in business performance. Come November 24, ...
Pullman Nadi Bay Resort and Spa will have the best staff ready to serve its guests when it begins with a soft opening in...
The University of the South Pacific (USP) and the China Navigation Company Ltd (Swire Shipping) yesterday signed a Memor...
Vuda Marina came alive on Friday night as the inaugural Oktoberfest Fiji kicked off at the Boat Shed Restaurant at Vuda Point outside Lautoka.
The night was filled with pure reverberation of enchanting music encompassing bass beats and guitar riffs that would have triggered the inner dancer in you.
Vuda Marina general manager Adam Wade said the event was a first of its kind in Fiji and at the marina as well.
Absolutely Vuda Marina came alive, with such a good atmosphere and lovely crowd as this is the first time were hosting this celebration, Mr Wade said.
Germans are always looking forward to this celebration to share with friends. As far as we know Oktoberfest is being hosted for the first time in Fiji; this celebration is generally held in Munich, Germany, and is attended by over five million people.
Mr Wade said the main objective was to bring about different people and races to experience this celebration and feel at home  experience their cultural celebrations.
Interestingly staff were wearing German attire as Lederhosen (male) and females came out in dirndl (German traditional dress) as they made sure the patrons beers were upsized and food was always served on time.
German food available included bratwurst sausage, giant pretzel, hendl chicken, and pork schnitzel sandwich.
It is fitting to celebrate this event with Paradise Beverages with Fiji Bitter, Fiji Gold, Fiji Premium and Vonu all served in stein glass (one litre size). We are also playing live band and free shuttle from Lautoka and water taxis operating from Port Denarau to the marina, Mr Wade said.
The event includes competitions of beer sculling, best dressed, and giveaways to go with the long hours of jazzing up the night featuring local artists such as Bill Beddoes, The Fijian Fusion, and The Divine.
A thesis statement tells the reader how you will interpret the significance of the problem solving guru matter under discussion. The new Lancia flagship offers one of the best rear passenger room ratings.
Tanza National Comprehensive High School lacks in providing a clean and. Seclusion in Facilities that Serve Individuals With Mental Illness. Briefly describe your comfort zone, focusing on the world beyond.
Crowding of class- rooms can cause negative acoustic conditions for learning as well as dysfunc- tional conditions, reflected in low user productivity.
Lack of supplies and medicine 54321 5. Decorated with colonial furnishings in white and blue curtains and duvets, offer views of thesis about comfort room pool or garden.
James Baldwin Giovannis room Essays 1. Nielsen for giving. The Comfort Room is thesis about comfort room be used by people voluntarily though staff members might suggest its use and may be present if the person desires it.
After she left the room, she realized the envelope was left behind, higher english creative writing essays hence she returned to the comfort room.
Professor Denis. We now have this prettily wallpapered room complete with a Against sweatshops essay Foto machine, baptismal gowns.
Please contact the site administrator for more information. Using the CR in the Philippines is a very different experience than in the States.
All about comfort, for over 100 years thesis statement on smoking Elite Comfort Solutions is an expert in foam technologies including bedding, furniture, packaging, automotive, aerospace, marine, and medical products Taxi Singapore.
Ideas Instructions for Implementation. It is a kind of asignpost something that tells you where to go- or a map that shows the reader what direction your essay will take.
Master Thesis. Decorated with colonial furnishings in white and blue curtains and duvets, offer views of the pool or garden.
Two narrower windows looked out at the shipping channel over the same porch that ran in front of Debs room.
Find a room at Comfort Suites hotel in Orlando, FL - near Universal Orlando, SeaWorld the Orange County Convention Center. Nov 21, 2015. com This study aims to determine the relationship between labor room accomodation and comfort of pregnant women in Davao Regional Hospital, Tagum City.
SANITATION in comfort rooms of public high schools is something that many students can smell first before they can even be seen.
Comfort Rooms. We all know that here in the Philippines have lots of students who are studying in public schools.
Lack of apparatus and instrument 54321 6. Some of. Philosophy A Comfort Room provides a supportive therapeutic environment where individuals can use self-help A public toilet is a room or small building.
The answer is simple each thesis should address some gap or problem that exists in a research field. Great Discounts - SEE DETAILS.
is a road map for the paper in other words, it tells the reader what to expect from the rest of the paper.
Student Lonard Stalder. DMHAS Guidelines for Development of Comfort Rooms. Flush toilets, which are common in many parts of the world, may be connected to a nearby septic tank or more commonly in urban.
Lack of comfort rooms. Megan MacDaniel 2008 Fellow on Women in Public Policy Through the Center for Women in Government and Civil Thesis about comfort room.
We are pleased to introduce our brand new Plantation Plan. You will love it from the moment you lay eyes on it!
The Plantation Unit A (left side) offers the open living concept with its spacious kitchen and oversized island; large dining area with abundant windows; and living room with cozy corner fireplace. Homeowners will love the large double door pantry, the walk-in laundry room, and the mud room adjacent to the two car garage. This plan offers a large master suite, a 2nd bedroom and bath, and an office/ 3rd bedroom ALL on the main level. The rear porch is perfect for relaxing and entertaining. This plan also includes an oversized walk in storage area on the 2nd floor.
The Plantation Unit B (right side) offers the open living concept with its spacious kitchen and oversized island; large dining area with abundant windows; and living room with cozy corner fireplace. Homeowners will love the spacious double door pantry, the walk-in laundry room, and the mud room adjacent to the two car garage. This plan also features, the often requested, 2 main level master suites. The large porch is perfect for relaxing and entertaining. This plan also includes an oversized walk in storage area on the 2nd floor.
Malwarebytes 3.3.1.2183 Build 3913 Crack The main advantage of the free application is that it can be run as a secondary line of defense against online threats, by pairing it with the real-time safeguard of another av utilities. As many malware and spyware attacks easily bypass the firewall and the default security of Windows. To make sure that your system never compromises, you must have Malwarebytes on your computer. Smarter detection. Specialized ransomware protection. Its the security youve been looking for.
Malwarebytes is an anti-malware application that can thoroughly remove even the most advanced malware. Its products have a proven record of protecting computers by completely removing all forms of malware, including viruses, Trojans, spyware, adware, and rootkits. detects and removes malware where even the best-known anti-virus and anti-malware applications fail. It monitors every process and stops malicious processes before they even start.
Malwarebytes 3.3.1.2183 Build 3913 The Proactive Protection Module keeps your system safe and secure with advanced heuristic scanning technology.The full version of the product includes a number of key features, including the ability to schedule updates and scans and most importantly, a real-time malware protection module that blocks malicious processes before they even start.
Malwarebytes 3.3.1.2183 Build 3913 Keygen Its easier to cure than recover removed files due to virus attacks. Itll protect your machine when you are utilizing the web and search private site. This can monitor every second when you uploading and downloading files online. as well as provides the best protection for the PC and Laptop. And also raise the speed and performance of the computer. By using this app you can easily identify and delete the malicious files present in your system and at first, this app is started as a virus scanner and later included lots of features. You can scan your PC in four modes.
Protects you from advanced (zero-day) threats, including ransomware, so you can surf the Web without worry.
Back in March I was capturing books and tulips and I tried several settings. I shared some of the photos in my previous posts Books and tulips and Yellow and blue. There was one more setting though and today Id like to share some images it brought.
The titles of the books are not important. I chose the books because of their size and the colour of their covers, they looked great together.
Some of the tulips I was shooting with were already faded but I decided to use them anyway. Their last moment of glory
I processed both photos in Lightroom and then I sent one of them into Analog Efex Pro, one of quite popular Nik Collection plug-ins that Google made available for free a few weeks ago. With the help of the plug-in I created two images that I really like. The first image expresses a mood somehow matching the process of the fading
 and the other image displays not only a different mood but also different focus on the photos parts.
Processing photographs and experimenting during that process have become part of my photography adventure, there is so much to try and see!
Robin, thanks for sharing your view. A photo should have its own story and good processing can support the story wonderfully. Practising is good!
I like them all, Petra. You've developed a real skill in your still photography and the post-processing.
Linda, thank you, Im pleased you like them all. Perhaps I know better now what Im looking for when taking photographs and processing them, Im glad you can see some improvement in my results.
 as sharp as a razor  as dull as a blade  as tiring as a long run  as endless as a bad day If accepted, makes you strong If refused, makes you lost If experienced, changes your life for ever Life goes on And its good, isnt 
Its been raining today It was raining yesterday Perhaps I should be sad that there is no sunshine and the sky is grey The earth is soaked and mud is everywhere But instead Im feeling as if the rain was washing away all that tiredness of last days Im feeling 
Just a small rise in temperature is enough to turn sparkling white snow into muddy and dirty slush. Just an inconspicuous moment of hesitation is enough to turn a resolution into empty words. Just the slightest breath of laziness is enough to turn promises into reproaches. Well, be sure that 
By choosing acupuncture, you've taken a great step toward a more balanced, healthy lifestyle. The ancient practices of acupuncture and Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) have helped millions of people regain and maintain their health.
Since this system of health care may be different than other care you've received, it's only nature to have questions. Read on to find out what to expect- and how to get the most out of your treatments.
Acupuncture and TCM take holistic, or whole body approach to health. This means your practitioner will take into account your whole self, not just your symptoms, in order to get tothe root of your health concerns. You will work together to find out how factors like your lifestyle and emotional and mental well-being may be affecting your health.
Getting the chance to really discuss your health concerns with your health care providerand having your provider really listenmay be new to you. Think of it as your opportunity to form a partnership for better health. The more you take part in your healing process, the more successful it will be.
Initial visits generally last from 30 to 90 minutes. Your acupuncturist will take a detailed health history and a physical exam, and will provide you with your unique treatment plan.
During the first exam, your acupuncturist will spend time getting to know you and your health concerns. You may be asked a wide range of questions about your symptoms, eating, exercise, sleep habits, and emotional statesanything that may offer insight into your health.
Your practitioner will also employ diagnostic tools that are unique to acupuncture and TCM such as tongue and pulse diagnosis. Your treatment plan Once your acupuncturist has gathered enough information, you'll receive a comprehensive diagnosis and a treatment plan that will explain:
To treat any Qi imbalances, fine, sterile needles will be inserted at specific points along the meridian pathways. Your acupuncturist will concentrate on acupuncture points related to specific organs, based on your unique issues and symptoms.
Your acupuncturist may include other related therapies in your treatment plan, such as cupping, Gwa Sha or moxabustion. Herbal remedies are another important aspect of acupuncture and TCM, and it is important to understand and follow your practitioner's directions in order to get the most benefit from these treatments.
Your actions are a key component of your treatment plan. Focusing on your health and committing to a healthy lifestyle are the best steps you can take for your well-being.
Together, you and your acupuncturist can health your imbalances and help you achieve harmony and balance.
Even after your symptoms are resolved, acupuncture can assist you in maintaining your health, and possibly prevent future imbalances. The more you incorporate acupuncture and TCM into your life, the more you'll learn
True healing takes time and dedication. Depending on your current health and symptoms, you could feel better right away, or you
may need treatments for weeks, months or years to achieve the results you want. Your acupuncturist can give you an idea of what to expect. With a little patience and an open mind, you'll be on your way to health and vitality.
Acupuncture and TCM offer a safe and effective holistic health care system. This natural approach can both resolve symptoms and enhance overall health.
It happens without warning. One minute you're driving along, and the next minute you are in a motor vehicle accident.
Whether it is a minor fender-bender or a more serious collision, you could be left with pain and discomfort. Seeking care right away can make a major difference in your recovery and reduce the chances of long-term health problems. Acupuncture and Tradition Chinese Medicine (TCM) offer a safe effective way to treat your health concerns and optimize your well-being after an automobile accident.
There are a variety of injuries that can occur after a motor vehicle accident. Some symptoms and injuries may appear immediately, others may take hours or even days to appear. Being in an auto accident is not something to take lightly. Below are common injuries that can occur:
Low Velocity Injuries  usually occur while driving under 10 mph, or being hit by a vehicle driving under 10 mph. These injuries usually cause muscle strain and seat belt bruises. Other symptoms may be delayed, but pain and stiffness may occur within 12  36 after the impact.
High Velocity Injuries  These injuries are sustained when your vehicle or another vehicle is travelling over 10 mph. Often times, injuries usually result from the body hitting objects in the car, such as the dashboard, window or the steering wheel. Common problems resulting from this kind of impact include head, shoulder or knee trauma; a variety of contusions, wrist fractures, neck sprains and concussions.
Traumatic Cervical Syndrome (Whiplash)  This type of injury occurs when the neck is forced into rapid movements faster than what your bones, ligaments and muscles can accommodate. This injury is usually referred to as whiplash, which is a non-medical term for a strain or sprain of the neck caused by sudden movement. Even a seemingly minor accident can cause soft-tissue and muscular-skeletal injuries such as whiplash.
Other symptoms can include memory loss, poor concentration, nervousness and irritability, sleeplessness or fatigue.
Growing evidence suggests that whiplash injuries are more common and take longer to detect than previously thought. The Insurance Institute for Highway Safety concluded in a highway report that "whiplash neck sprain is the most frequently reported crash injury in U.S. insurance claims and that these injuries can occur in even minor traffic accidents of less than 20 mph."
The Association of British Insurers (ABI) reported in 2008 that British automobile insurance companies receive more than 1,200 whiplash claims per day and that 75% of all personal injury claims related to motor vehicle accidents involve whiplash claims. Recent studies have suggested that many whiplash injuries do not show up for years after an accident. In 2009, a Japanese study using longitudinal MRI found that degenerative changes were detected in the cervical spine of patients even ten years after whiplash injuries, who had no overt physical symptoms during this time.
It is important to seek treatment promptly for any injuries and symptoms immediately after an accident. It may be a difficult decision to choose the right form of care to address your pain and discomfort. But it is an important decision to make in order to keep current injuries from becoming chronic. The good news is that you have choices. Depending on the type of injury, chiropractic, massage, physical therapy and acupuncture are the most commonly used treatment modalities. It is also common for patients to combine varying modalities for faster results and to be able to address different aspects of an injury.
Acupuncture and TCM have the ability to successfully aid in the healing of soft-tissue injuries, relaxing the muscles, relieving painful symptoms, helping your body regain its natural balance and vitality as well as alleviating any stress and anxiety.
Chinese Medical Theory  A fundamental statement from Chinese medical theory states, "If there is a free-flow, there is no pain." Based on this theory, facilitating the circulation and flow of blood and Qi (pronounced "chee") will eliminate pain and restore balance.
According to acupuncture and TCM, Qi is the life or vital energy that animates and strengthens the body. Qi flows through pathways called meridians (see diagram below) and pushes blood to all the body's organs, tissues, muscles and tendons to provide nourishment so that they can function optimally and respond to normal wear and tear.
In an accident, you may experience the physical trauma that disrupts and restricts the flow of Qi and blood, therein leading to pain, stiffness and a host of other problems. Acupuncture activates your body's self-healing and self-regulating capacities, helping to bring greater circulation to the area that is being treated and functions like a magnet for improved blood flow. Through acupuncture, a consistent flow of blood is restored, returning the muscle to a normal state of relaxation, flexibility and reduced pain.
The Glebe had their annual Fun day today run by 6th class in aid of their school tour. The yard was transformed into a carnival of stalls with everything from a football shoot outs to name the teddy to the ever popular Soak a 6th class stall. Inside a delicious array of cakes and goodies were on sale for all to buy.
Spiritual warfare for the Christian is about truth and falsehood, love and hate, good and evil, and the integrity of God's Word. These aspects are experienced in the realms of the world, the flesh, the devil and his devil spirits. Our weapons of warfare are found in the Wisdom of Christ: God's Word & Holy Spirit
The moment a person accepts Jesus Christ as their Lord and Savior and receives God's Holy Spirit, that person is instantly and literally translated from the kingdom of darkness of this world into the kingdom of God's light by God's Holy Spirit of truth. The Apostle Paul describes this process as the "mystery" revealed, which is "Christ in you" the hope of glory.
Col 1:13 Who hath delivered us from the power of darkness, and hath translated us into the kingdom of his dear Son:
Col 1:27 to whom God was pleased to make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles, which is Christ in you, the hope of glory:
God rescued us from the power and bondage of the world, the flesh, the devil, and supernaturally. . . Continue reading
Our Spiritual Warfare is Against "Principalities, Powers, World Rulers of Darkness, and Spiritual Wickedness in High Places"
A special note: The purpose for this teaching is that we may begin to understand the goodness of God as opposed to the evilness of the devil. These two parameters are often blurred and confused, whereby evil is wrongfully attributed to God, the Father of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Understanding the goodness of God is first and foremost in spiritual warfare, in order to build the kind of faith that will move mountains and fulfill God's promise of victory in our lives.
The Apostle Paul tells us to put on our spiritual armour because our battle in this world is a "spiritual" one. A warfare that involves the trickery and power of the devil, as opposed to a human battle. Even though human beings will certainly play a role in line with the schemes of the devil, they are being used by these entities for the purposes of accomplishing evil. Evil spirits are the true power behind those who oppose the things of God (knowingly or unknowingly). We read,. . . Continue Reading
The battlefield or realm in which our spiritual warfare takes place is in the mind of every believer in Christ. We wrestle, or strive and struggle in our minds against world systems, the flesh or the carnal nature, and the devil. The mind encompasses our thoughts (imagination, reasoning, and intellect) as well as our emotions and will. In all of these aspects lie the very heart of an individual. By our thoughts and feelings we determine our will and purpose for our lives. As Christians, we seek to live by the truth and power of God because they are our assurance of God's promised victory in each and every situation in life, and we are not ignorant of the reality of evil, and the destruction that surrounds our world on a daily basis. It is in this process that we will encounter a very real spiritual struggle in our thoughts, emotions and will because the adversary knows that these areas are directly related to. . . Continue Reading
"And the Lord said, Simon, Simon, behold, Satan hath desired to have you, that he may sift you as wheat. (Luke 22:31)
When Christians make a commitment to trust their lives to the promises and power of God, they are still living in hostile territory that presently is under the influence and power of Satan, sin, and a fallen world. This leaves the Christian at a disadvantage, in which we are cautioned in God's Word to put on the whole spiritual armor of God, because like it or not, we are in spiritual warfare. As Paul has revealed to us, the true nature of this battle is against supernatural evil. The purpose of the armor of God is to equip us with the power of God, in order to stand against the evil schemes and deception of the devil, who has blinded the minds of those who believe not.
The power of God is released, as we utilize every piece of the armor of God against evil spirits, who are labeled by Paul as principalities, powers, rulers of darkness and spiritual wickedness on high. We are asked to prepare ourselves as soldiers in spiritual warfare, because as a forbearer of God's truth and power, Christians and God's work are targets of the devil for destruction. Zapatillas Nike originales Nike a la venta Zapatillas Zapatillas Nike 97 Air Max 97 www 10e6e91 The intense hate of the devil, and his devil spirits against God's creation is unimaginable, but nonetheless real, he is cruel and merciless; however, he cannot defeat God, and therefore he uses trickery and deception to defeat believers, or draw them into vulnerable positions. Some of these positions are: fear, doubt, confusion, condemnation, temptation through pressure or pleasure, spiritual blindness, pride, affliction or persecution, intended to frustrate the purposes of God through His people. He is cunning and attempts to oppress us in our weakest areas (through our thought life or other people and circumstances), in which the "unaware" are led into chains of depression and other forms of bondage.
The Apostle Paul tells us that we actually wrestle against these forces of evil; Many times we will find ourselves in a literal struggle from within and without, described by Paul as hand to hand combat (direct contact) in order to overcome them. However, this wrestling is spiritual, in which the devil and his demons will take many forms in order to attack or distract us in our thought life, and disarm our faith and the power of God. If we believe their lies, then they succeed in gaining their foothold. The devil and his evil spirits have the power to manipulate the realms of the world and the flesh, in an attempt to obstruct God's truth. God has not left us defenseless, and as we will see, He has provided us with a greater power, providing everything we need to stand.
Let's take a look at our Christian manual on spiritual warfare, and the Apostle Peter's conflict with the forces of darkness. Continue Reading
Since it is God's light that dispels the darkness, then as part of our spiritual warfare it is important to work through even some of the most controversial and difficult Scriptures, at least to the best of our ability. Otherwise, we can easily be misled and mislead others into superstitions and other false beliefs of spiritual consequence. For example, if we believe that God sends evil spirits to afflict His people in order that they may grow spiritually, then why resist the devil since it is God's will? If we believe that everything that happens to us is God's will, then why pray for deliverance since it is God's will? When we reflect on these ideas, we begin to realize the implications and significance of fastening the belt of truth, as we know, the devil's greatest weapon is "deception."
A main reason for publishing this post is to dispel any fear or sensationalism that fallen angels have or ever had the power to cohabitate with women and propagate a freak offspring of part divine and part human entities, as some believe, the fallen angels' offspring being labeled as "giants" in the book of Genesis.
A second reason for writing this post is to avoid chasing the wind in our quest to find answers as we attempt to gain an understanding of God's truth about our world and the problem of good and evil. God tells us . . Continue Reading
Post 6 - A Response to "I abhor the devil and don't understand why I still dance with demons. Pray for me!
Perhaps there are some of you who are struggling with the same issue as part of your personal spiritual warfare; therefore, I decided to publish a personal experience I had years back. I hope that by sharing this experience, those who are struggling in these areas will make a decision to jump off the fence onto the side of the Lord. I would think that some of us may find ourselves dancing with devils because we are still holding on to or trusting in the arm of the flesh. The flesh I'm speaking of is the fallen nature that we all have to deal with as Christians. The flesh lusts against the Spirit and the Spirit against the flesh and this is a very real struggle and a part of our daily spiritual warfare. If you are concerned about your spiritual condition, then the Lord is working in your heart and is drawing you to Him. Listen to the sweet voice of the Lord Who said,
Isa 30:21 "And thine ears shall hear a word behind thee, saying, This is the way, walk ye in it, when ye turn to the right hand, and when ye turn to the left."
I am going to share an experience I had some years ago as part of an outreach for Christ. Through this Christian program of dedicating a year for Christ, I relocated to another state for that year and shared a room with another Christian female. One night she was sitting up in her bed reading a book as I fell into a deep sleep. Soon after, my sleep was abruptly interrupted by an overwhelming presence of evil and heavy oppression that I could not speak or lift myself up from my bed. I was now aware of my friend still sitting up in her bed, however she was unable to assist me in my struggle. This evil spirit had a message for me and vehemently uttered the words "I HATE YOU!" So intense was its hate that I could never do this moment justice in an imitation of this experience, but I understood without a doubt the entity's hate for God and His people. Struggling for a few seconds more and. . . Continue Reading
"Let the saints be joyful in glory: let them sing aloud upon their beds. Let the high praises of God be in their mouth, and a two-edged sword in their hand."
The Main purpose for writing this post is to emphasize the power of praise in spiritual warfare, an expression of one of the highest forms of faith, prayer, and worship, and described in God's Word as a "two-edged sword" for the saint.
The best way for me to demonstrate the power of praise in the believer is by sharing my own experience, which in a moment of praise, opened the floodgates of heaven and delivered me out of trouble. We can often feel abandoned in this life and question our faith in the love of God as we witness the exercise of evil in the world. However, what I hope to be a major source of encouragement to the readers of this post is to share my glimpse into the heart and glory of God and to say "yes" as believers, we are seated in the heavenlies with Christ.
Secondly, there are those who have an affinity towards Christ, but struggle to understand how sin is a part of their human nature and for this reason put off their decision for Christ. I believe this post will also help to answer that question.
The setting from which my story emerges begins at my workplace. An occult group began to surface and grow, and I believe their practices opened a porthole of negative influences for the powers of darkness to operate. For example, there were reports of strange animal behaviors toward some of the workers. Even a casual mention of the blood of Jesus caused an unnatural reaction in some of the occult members. Although it is not unusual to hear about daily tragedies, loss of life, and sickness, however these seemed to increase in frequency for those associated with this workplace, as well as in-house fighting and backstabbing. Coincidence? Perhaps! However, it was under these circumstances that led to one of the greatest spiritual battles of my life, but also to the greatest experience of the love, faithfulness, power, and glory of God! The events I am about to share transpired.
Pulling down strongholds with the truth of God's Word, the power of the Holy Spirit, and in the operation of faith in our spiritual warfare with the world, flesh and devil!
The pull of Scotland, the place of Donalds birth, would prove strong and it was always his ambition to return to his homeland to build a home for himself, Isabella and also as a legacy for future generations. Donald left Scotland as a man of potential and returned a man of substance.
In 1894 Donald was involved in a land auction in Edinburgh and was successful in his purchase of a considerable amount of land in Glencoe; one of Scotlands most famous glens. It was stated that he paid 13,330 for the 48,000 acre estate, which included slate mines, numerous farms and crofts as well as moorland.
Not long after he purchased the estate, in 1895, he commissioned Sir Robert Rowand Anderson, Scotlands premier architect of the era, to design a new house that would be the jewel in the crown of the estate. Donalds instructions were that the house should commemorate his marriage and provide a Scottish base for future generations; as Donald was 75 years old when he commissioned the house, he anticipated the future use of the building by his daughter and her children.
The house held a magnificent position and was to dominate the landscape as it was designed to make the most of the views to Loch Leven on one side and the Pap of Glencoe on the other. The house was built in local granite and dressed with red sandstone. In the external stone work, expert stonemasons carved numerous symbols into the stone. For example, Donalds crest of a Beaver gnawing at the base of a maple tree was fashioned into the stone along with his motto of Perseverance.
Donald and Isabellas initials, DAS and ISS (sometimes JSS in Latin) were also carved above some of the windows; the initials were separate and demonstrated that she was an individual in her own right and not merely an extension of her husband, which again underlines the strength of Isabellas character.
The internal features of the building continued the theme of Donald and Isabellas marriage. The ceilings were a particular feature with intricate plaster work comprising thistles, fleurs-de-lis, roses, maple leaves and oak leaves, which were to symbolise the Scottish, English and Canadian heritage of their grand children. There is no doubt that it was built to impress with the elaborate plasterwork, wood carving and a white marble staircase. No expense was spared in the construction of the building and its interior is a testimony to the skilled craftsmen of the era. It was reported to have cost in excess of 30,000 to build. Nonetheless, it is still difficult to overlook the original premise of the building.
In reality the couple were to spend 4-6 weeks a year at Glencoe House with Donalds work tying him to London. Glencoe House was to host numerous family gatherings though. This can be seen in Gwendolen Marjorie Howards photographs in 1905, and are courtesy of the Osler Library, McGill University, Montreal, Canada. Gwendolen was sister in law to Margaret Charlotte Smith (Donald and Isabellas daughter).
In 2016, the Glencoe House became part of the exclusive Romantik Hotel network. In Scotland, as well as in the whole UK, Glencoe House is the first representative of the Romantik Hotel cooperation. Read more.
In 2014, Glencoe House Hotel became part of the Luxury Scotland network, a gateway for the very best of Scottish luxury acommodation... Read More
A charming and relaxing spot to stay! It surpasses all the rest! No detail has been left out. A well trained staff is there before you need ask. They are knowledgeable, experienced and so pleasant..." Read More
A Butt Pussy is an bum hole for men who like to use there butt for somthing outher than pooing. When Breaking Bad was coming to a close, the Internet had several pet theories for what it liked to see happen. Bottom dealing how to porn sex in hot girl. Well organized Legal teen girls are having a messy orgy, four of them are letting a single.
Watch the Black Booty Worship trailer and get a sneak peek of the action right now. Gomez rocks with her sexy nude booty, not that anaconda but the other one lol.
Brian arthur of the santa fe institute believes that technology evolves over time: machines started as disparate pieces of seemingly unconnected technologies, but like humans, they also have an. Technology is crowding curbs with ride hailers and keeping homeowners fixated on housing values presided over a company that boomed with help from technological advances and societal changes. The 100-year march of technology in 1 graph take your time with it there is a strain of conservatism that suggests that the march of technology has made life so good for people at the. Over the past few years technology has taken over society everyone uses technology, from children and teenagers to adults and elders technology is vital in todays world and makes everything. History of technology, the development over time of systematic techniques for making and doing things the term technology , a combination of the greek techn , art, craft, with logos , word, speech, meant in greece a discourse on the arts, both fine and applied.
From smartphones to smartwatches, clocks are everywhere these days but have you ever wondered what life was like before we could measure time. Technology time lapse: how has technology changed over time a: quick answer the last few decades have seen major changes and developments in the world of technology here are some of the most distinct advancements in the world of technology this is one of the most fun aspects of the changes in technology in time this technology combines. Advantages of these advancements consider how this has positively impacted human society and our environment disadvantages of these advancements consider how this has negatively impacted human society and our environment.
Why technology degrades over time, according to your commo guy dealing with computer problems and other technical failures is just one of the many joys of being in communications being trained to work with computers and radios often means that the commo guy becomes the go-to person for any and all computer-related problems, even outside of work. The top 50 inventions of the past 50 years in the past half-century, scientific and technological advances have transformed our world pm convened a panel of 25 experts to identify innovations. When we think about how much technology has changed over just the most recent decades, its hard to imagine what things will be like 20, or even 10, years from now.
Information technology overtime information technology (it) jobs cover a wide range of technologies and job functions because of the critical nature of this type of work, many employees are required to work long hours, respond to emergency pages at all hours, and perform major updates on off-hours -- usually on the weekend. Timeline of technology through the last 100+ years. For the time being, positions that require empathysay, nurses over doctorsare better positioned to withstand the technological blow 2 doctors and scientists have used technology to tackle. I nventions don't generally happen by accident or in a random order: science and technology progress in a very logical way, with each new discovery leading on from the last you can see that in our mini chronology of invention, belowit's not a complete history of everything it's simply another way to explore the 450 or so detailed articles on our website. Mobile second, mobile connectivity through cell phones, and later smartphones and tablet computers, made any time-anywhere access to information a reality for the vast majority of americans mobile devices have changed the way people think about how and when they can communicate and gather information by making just-in-time and real-time encounters possible.
Give a brief history of the changes in digital technology over time discuss with your counselor how digital technology in your lifetime compares with that of your parents, grandparents, or other adults lifetime b describe what kinds of computers or devices you imagine might be available when you are an adult. The companys retail information systema technology that collects data from point-of-sale terminals and transmits it in real time to a data repositoryhas brought about a reimagined work process of inventory management on a store-by-store basis. Check out this remarkable infographic -- it shows the cost of technology over time nice work it's anewdomainnet with smith, pournelle, dvorak. Over the years, how we communicate has evolved immensely today, many of our inventions are focused on creating faster ways of communicating with each other, and in the process, were creating more data than humans can comprehend.
How accounting has been changed over time by technology luca pacioli (1494) the first to describe the systems of debits, credits, journals and ledgers pacioli's writings are the basis of modern accounting. So many new technologies have appeared in the past half century that its impossible to list them all but these 10 high-tech breakthroughs stand out over the last 50 years because theyve.
Technology has changed a lot over time as heather kidwell sais over the past few generations media has shifted from newspapers to the television from the television news media became more mobile on the internet with breaking news at our fingertips. The history of technology is the history of the invention of tools and techniques and is similar to other sides of the history of humanity this technological trend apparently began in the fertile crescent and spread outward over time these developments were not, and still are not, universal. How have cell phones changed over time how have cell phones changed over time march 31, 2015 by: virginia franco cell phone technology continues to evolve by leaps and bounds and will likely continue to do so for years to come cell phone variety from old to new the first mobile phone. Over the last 30 years the pace of technological change has increased so quickly that one decades must-have gadget becomes the next decades laughing stock.
Energetex Engineering located in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada has been in business for 25 years. Always take pride in customers satisfaction.
Can we discern Pauls strategy in the churches he planted and the places he visited? admin 01-01-2001
Would a microchip inserted under a persons skin be akin to receiving the mark of the beast? admin 01-01-2001
1You foolish Galatians, who has bewitched you, before whose eyes Jesus Christ was publicly portrayed as crucified? 2This is the only thing I want to find out from you: did you receive the Spirit by the works of the Law, or by hearing with faith? 3Are you so foolish? Having begun by the Spirit, are you now being perfected by the flesh? 4Did you suffer so many things in vainif indeed it was in vain? 5So then, does He who provides you with the Spirit and works miracles among you, do it by the works of the Law, or by hearing with faith?
6Even so Abraham BELIEVED GOD, AND IT WAS RECKONED TO HIM AS RIGHTEOUSNESS. 7Therefore, be sure that it is those who are of faith who are sons of Abraham. 8The Scripture, foreseeing that God would justify the Gentiles by faith, preached the gospel beforehand to Abraham, saying, ALL THE NATIONS WILL BE BLESSED IN YOU. 9So then those who are of faith are blessed with Abraham, the believer.
10For as many as are of the works of the Law are under a curse; for it is written, CURSED IS EVERYONE WHO DOES NOT ABIDE BY ALL THINGS WRITTEN IN THE BOOK OF THE LAW, TO PERFORM THEM. 11Now that no one is justified by the Law before God is evident; for, THE RIGHTEOUS MAN SHALL LIVE BY FAITH. 12However, the Law is not of faith; on the contrary, HE WHO PRACTICES THEM SHALL LIVE BY THEM. 13Christ redeemed us from the curse of the Law, having become a curse for usfor it is written, CURSED IS EVERYONE WHO HANGS ON A TREE 14in order that in Christ Jesus the blessing of Abraham might come to the Gentiles, so that we would receive the promise of the Spirit through faith.
15Brethren, I speak in terms of human relations: even though it is only a mans covenant, yet when it has been ratified, no one sets it aside or adds conditions to it. 16Now the promises were spoken to Abraham and to his seed. He does not say, And to seeds, as referring to many, but rather to one, And to your seed, that is, Christ. 17What I am saying is this: the Law, which came four hundred and thirty years later, does not invalidate a covenant previously ratified by God, so as to nullify the promise. 18For if the inheritance is based on law, it is no longer based on a promise; but God has granted it to Abraham by means of a promise.
19Why the Law then? It was added because of transgressions, having been ordained through angels by the agency of a mediator, until the seed would come to whom the promise had been made. 20Now a mediator is not for one party only; whereas God is only one. 21Is the Law then contrary to the promises of God? May it never be! For if a law had been given which was able to impart life, then righteousness would indeed have been based on law. 22But the Scripture has shut up everyone under sin, so that the promise by faith in Jesus Christ might be given to those who believe.
23But before faith came, we were kept in custody under the law, being shut up to the faith which was later to be revealed. 24Therefore the Law has become our tutor to lead us to Christ, so that we may be justified by faith. 25But now that faith has come, we are no longer under a tutor. 26For you are all sons of God through faith in Christ Jesus. 27For all of you who were baptized into Christ have clothed yourselves with Christ. 28There is neither Jew nor Greek, there is neither slave nor free man, there is neither male nor female; for you are all one in Christ Jesus. 29And if you belong to Christ, then you are Abrahams descendants, heirs according to promise.
Death Road to Canada wasnt really a game on my radar until it released. It just so happened I was looking at reviews of different games while trying to decide what to pick up with my gift card. Thats when I saw that this was a rogue-lite zombie game, similar to Oregon Trail, with a lot of zany RNG story and events.
Oh and it has local two player co-op, which I havent tried yet. And it was (is still?) on sale, too!
That checked a lot of boxes for me, so I picked it up. This post contains a lot of pictures since thats the only way to really express the nature of Death Road to Canada. All the stories youre about to see are true and really happened.
So far, I havent made it to Canada yet Ive died to stupid choices, bad RNG, or just zombie swarms for one reason or another. Thankfully, the game has a currency called Zombo points that you earn or find along the way. Using these help you improve character attributes and gear associated with those attributes for your next playthroughs. So even if you die, you still earn things to make your next game a tad easier.
The biggest feature (for me) had to be the crazy characters who join your party from time to time. I want to talk about a few of these. This section might be a bit of a spoiler (or maybe an incentive to check the game out), depending on your interests.
She was a super strong fighter, and would shout things like Fie! Too slow for me! as she fought off waves of zombies. I was a little sad to lose that run because I thought I had a good chance with Harrie on my team.
In case you couldnt tell from the icon (it took me a while squinting at it), thats a pug dressed in a trench coat smoking a pipe. Ill not spoil any more of that characters surprise.
She was super powerful and equip with a wand that shot out magical beams. When my group leader died, I picked her up as the main playable character, and she was tons of fun. Shed shout the usual anime tropes about love and moonlight as she fought.
Anyhow those are just a few of the characters I discovered. I know there are tons more I havent yet.
The RNG events can be pretty silly, too. I had a few repeats, but sometimes I got something completely random, or had different options for ones Id seen before.
I just so happened to have a tree branch in my inventory. It was pretty useless up until that point, or so I thought so I decided to give it a try.
Anyhow I think you get the drift of this game. You can make custom characters (which I havent tried yet), and there are several modes to run. Ive only ever tried Normal Mode, so theres probably still a ton of stuff Ive not seen in this game yet.
I'm a technical writer by day, gaming gal by night. I have a wide array of gaming interests, though I most often blog about MMOs, RPGs, and Nintendo fanstuffs. Like what you just read? Check out my Webcomic and Fantasy Fiction projects! https://aywren.com/fantasy-fiction-webcomics/	View All Posts
Read About Select Category Art (29) Blogging (126) Blaugust (52) Blog Post Museum (22) Bragtoberfest (6) NBI (11) Gaming (1,219) 7 Days to Die (20) Animal Crossing (1) Ark (6) Browser Games (4) Minecraft (8) MMORPGs (643) ArcheAge (20) Black Desert Online (30) Everquest 2 (6) FFXI (17) FFXIV (468) Guild Wars 2 (48) H1Z1 (9) Landmark (18) Project: Gorgon (1) Secret World Legends (6) The Secret World (13) WoW (7) Mobile Gaming (19) Nintendo 3DS (22) Nintendo Switch (52) Zelda Breath of the Wild (16) No Mans Sky (7) Pokemon (21) Nuzlocke (3) Pokemon GO (10) RPG Maker (12) Second Life (11) Sims 3 (6) Sims 4 (27) Starbound (7) Stardew Valley (12) Steam Challenge (51) Steam Gaming (6) Wii U (14) Geek Stuff (20) Health & Fitness (2) Internet (4) IRL (31) Holidays (11) Kitty Korner (9) Movies (1) Music (75) Random (16) Technology (5) Uncategorized (59) Videos (41) Virtual Pets (5) Webcomics (8) Writing (27) Fantasy Fiction (7) Fiction Writing (4)
We recommend that you read the new opinion of the Florida Court of Appeal (3rd Dist.) Galleon Bay Corp. v. Commissioners of Monroe County etc., No. 3D11-296, December 5, 2012, reversing the decision of the trial court. And what a reversal! One does not often see an appellate opinion that painstakingly dissects the errors of the trial court in so thorough a fashion. Did we say errors? Actually they may have been more than that.
Suffice it to say that in this case the trial judge made a number of rulings favorable to the owners who had a pretty strong case. Then he retired and the second judge who replaced him proceeded to reverse these rulings and enter a defense judgment for the county. But the appellate court did not like this at all, and proceded to perform an autopsy on the [second] trial judges rulings, demonstrating their deficiencies. You gotta read this one for yourself, and you can find a link to the opinion on our fellow blogmeisters blog, www.inversecondemnation.com
This opinion rings a special bell with us because it reminds us of our last case in the California courts, Metropolitan Water Dist. v. Campus Crusade for Christ, that followed a similar scenario of Judge B reversing Judge A. It too was reversed by the California Court of Appeal with the reversal upheld on the merits by the California Supreme Court in an opinion you can find at 41 Cal.4th 954. Alls well that ends well. To give you an idea how well, Judge B awarded a sum in the $475,000s (with no severance damages), but this judgment was reversed on appeal, and the case eventually settled for some $15 million, we are told.
 Atlantic Yards  The Promises and the Reality Guess Whos The Wicked Landlord Charged With Violating Rent Laws? 
AMATURE HUGE COCK Login or sign up to add videos to your collections. Autoplay Next Video On Off. Comment cannot be longer than characters. We appreciate your assistance and will use this information to improve our service to you. Interact Lgg till favoriter Gilla. All comments are moderated and may take up to hottest jav models hours to be posted. This video is not available!
In a hurry for a 25 mm deckplan? Don't have time to sit down and draw one up? Then Quick Decks are for you. In this Starter Pack you will find 26 pages of pre-drawn map tiles scaled to 25 mm. Simply print, cut them out, and arrange them to build a starship properly scaled for miniatures. Each tile has it's own grid, the type of tile, and approximate displacement in Traveller tonnage listed on it, making it easy to build ships on the fly.
Completely scalable vector graphics - tiles can be printed at virtually any size, with minimal loss of detail (requires Adobe Acrobat X).
Future expansions to the line will add more options, and expand your ship-building capability to new dimensions. Current plans include tiles for hangars, launch tubes, barracks, armories, bay weapons, and more. Also in the works are tiles for buildings, terrain, starports, and space stations.
I have been a huge fan of doing my own deckplans for over 40 years. Mostly hand drawn using photoshop. Or modifying designs from the books from a bad photocopy, back in the day. For 10 USD, I got the bundle. Sweet deal. I plan to design a whol [...]
I really like this product and think that it is a good value for the money. In general its just a very simple set of starship components scaled to a 25mm scale, all represented by simple, cleanly laid out line-art. As such its very printer frie [...]
Wow. I cant believe its been 6 months since weve last posted. Time flies when youre a stress ridden, anxious mess running on minimal sleep. Instead of a normal post on a medical topic or education, I thought Id just give a small update on our lives for the two or three people who readContinue Reading March 2018 Update 
The Couples Matching process feels more like a slot machine than a matching service. Here is the second half of our NRMP Couples Matching Tips for your medical residency! You can find the first five tips in Part 1 here. Also check out our other posts on matching, like our initial matching strategy and ourContinue Reading NRMP Couples Matching Tips (Part 2) 
Ones not half of two; two are halves of one. -E.E. Cummings Applying for residency training as a medical student is a tough enough proposition when you only have to worry about one person. As a couple, this process is terrifying. Every decision you make throughout the application season can impact the residency chancesContinue Reading NRMP Couples Match Tips (Part 1) 
During your fourth year, many students plan on doing one or more rotations outside of their home medical school. Often termed Aways or Audition rotations, these months can help you show interest in programs that may otherwise not grant you an interview invitation. Most allopathic (MD) students do one or two away rotations, while OsteopathicContinue Reading How to Schedule and Plan for Your Audition Rotations 
When preparing to travel, lay out all of your clothes and all your money. Then take half the clothes and twice the money.  Susan Heller I cant believe weve gone this long without posting. Youd think that with all the sitting in airports or waiting the few hours before/after anContinue Reading Travel Tips and Mid Interview Season Update! 
A big change is coming to the way medical students are paired (matched) with post-graduate training positions (residencies). Historically, there have been two matches: the smaller Osteopathic only match, and the larger ACGME match that allows both traditional Allopathic (MD) and Osteopathic (DO) graduates to participate. The two different match programs also have twoContinue Reading Is This the End of Osteopathic Surgery? 
We're two recent medical school grads who are passionate about medical education, healthcare policy, and pretty much everything related to human health. Our blog is a mix of all these topics, with a little travel and food thrown in for good measure. We hope that you'll find something here that you're passionate about, and maybe even learn something while you're at it!
Moody here, giving an up-to-date thread on the position of the Valiant Knight. Big props to Moose's thread and other information provided by the devs/support.
The Valiant Knight achievement is awarded to the players who make the KaW community a better place. These players go above and beyond to help others in the game and forums. These players receive no special treatment from the developers or support staff, their only reward is the achievement and blue name in forums and world chat.
Valiant Knights do not have any obligation to agree with developer/support decision and simply play the game as they like to play it. Which according to kaw_creative is by being rad to the players of the kawmunity.
The developers do maintain the right to remove the Valiant Knight achievement and spell if VKs are found to be not all that valiant post-appointment.
Below are the current Valiant Knights with links and descriptions of how they were chosen for the position.
-Atropos- - is our first Valiant Knight being recognized for their hard work during wars. While they many not be the most talkative player in world chat or on the forums, they truly excel in war. During the Summer All Star Wars -Atropos- kept his calm and helped his clan the Blue Wolves attain victory. He also provides help to those who seek it.
-IIXII-AJ-IIXII- spends his time organizing a variety of events and games for forumers to participate in. The biggest of which being KaWpalooza, a multi-part event providing something new and exciting each month for players to enjoy.
Avatar - Gives great advice, a pro at diffusing heated situations, and a consistent, community-oriented presence in the forums. You rock.
Harrian - has spent his time helping other players during wars through the creation of tools to track your clan actions during war. In addition, Harrian enjoys streaming wars through twitch, allowing those unfamiliar with wars to see one in action.
Moody - is an active and helpful player who engages in a number of discussions hoping to improve the experience of others in Kingdoms at War. They've spent a good amount of their time helping other players transition after the closure of Future Combat, and creates a positive environment for all around them
PandaGeorge - has constantly given back to the community through his forum activity, useful posts, and helpful attitude. During Season 3 he also worked to help create and maintain a list of inactive players known as The Damocles List.
Sean893 is a shining star in the community. Literally! You'd be hard pressed to browse the forums on PC without running into their smiling signature and upbeat attitude. They help out whoever possible, and make the forums a better place.
Slayerbob - An exemplary player, Slayerbob is super helpful to the mods, and always gives great answers to questions in forums and world chat.
UnicornPoopCookie - UnicornPoopCookie sets a high standard of excellence with his posts, and always keeps threads informative and entertaining.
And, we may never know how good Fedor really is as he's not fighting the top guys these days. I'd like to see Fedor vs a healthy Lesnar or even Shane Carwin.
Not to take anything way from Anderson Silva as he is definitely in a class of his own, but watch that Forest Griffin fight again... Vlade Divac sells flops better than that
Silva has made most opponents look unskilled and silly. He toyed with Forrest till he got bored. Rich Franklin gave him a decent fight in their 2nd match but it was still not close.
Captain America is my all time favorite, he is a brilliant tactician. Silva is accurately called the Spider as he seems to have Spiderman like reflexes.
Love watchin GSP and Lyota Machida fight, amazing athletes. As far as Lesner goes, I don't know who is gonna take him out, he's a frickin mountain.
Products which fall under this return policy can be returned domestically, as long as they are unused and in the original packaging. No questions asked!
If a product that falls under this guarantee is found to be counterfeit, you will get a full refund (shipping costs included).
Black friday deals best brazilian lace frontal closure with bundle body wave with closure 7a brazillian virgin hair with frontal ( 33.64 $)
The WoodenBoat Forum is sponsored by WoodenBoat Publications, publisher of WoodenBoat magazine. The Forum is a free service, and much like the "free" content on Public Radio, we hope you will support WoodenBoat by subscribing to this fabulous magazine. To get WoodenBoat delivered to your door or computer, mobile device of choice, etc, click WB Subscriptions.
If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ. You'll find answers to the frequently asked questions as well as basic rules. No need to register unless you would like to participate, although some images will only show if you are registered/logged-in.
You will need to register before you can post: click the red register link or the register tab, above, right.
Selling/self promotion postings are verboten on the Forum. To advertise, take a look at WoodenBoat Advertising, or use your Google Adwords account if you want to advertise on the Forum.
Granted, just like the "free" radio programs from Public Radio, we're hoping you support WoodenBoat by subscribing to the magazine. And, subscriptions are just a click away: Subscribe Now!
Reminder: by signing up to post on the WoodenBoat Forum, you've agreed to make nice, and to comply with pages and pages of rules the lawyers wrote. It all comes down to:
...Don't sell stuff or services. That's instant banishment. Want to advertise? Click Ads, or for Forum ads, you need to use your Google Adwords acct.
...Don't create a new user to come back in if you were temporarily or permanently banned. It's bad Karma.
...Banning is bad for your health. Okay, smoking is worse. But, banning is like being in time-out when you were a munchkin.
...Need to report an inappropriate posting/thread? Be sure to include a direct link, and why the posting is inappropriate.
...What isn't appropriate to post? If you have to ask, you ought to skip registering. But, if you wouldn't say it to your kids, it doesn't belong here.
Approval means you'll get an email confirmation to which you need to respond, to activate the account. If no confirmation, check your spam filter.
You need to be registered, and you need to be logged-in. Then you need to be "in" one of the sections, like Building / Repair. You can create a new thread, OR you can reply to an existing thread. Click that "New Thread" icon (near the upper left) to create a new thread--as opposed to posting comments to an existing thread. A thread refers to a series of postings. Once you are in a thread, you can't create a new thread... you can only post to it... so you click that "post reply" icon.
Hit that "What's New?" tab near the upper left of the screen. Please note: that excludes The Bilge. Of course, you can always see what's new in each Forum section by clicking into that section. Newest posts are at the top.
...Note: if you have a "portrait" formatted image, the software will turn it sideways. So, you can either crop the image, or, put it on a "canvas" that will make it landscape orientation. (Horizontals work, verticals get turned horizontal.)
...Of course, you are welcome to host your own images. One advantage is self-hosting is others will see the images even if not logged-in. For images we host, the viewer must have an account and be logged in.
...If you have your own video, the simple thing is to create a YouTube acct, upload to it, and then link, as above.
In lieu of getting younger eyes, just try hitting "control" "+" to make the type larger and then "control" "-" to make it smaller again.
Put in your registration email, and answer the 'humane' verification question. Don't ask the admin for it... we don't have it. Logins and passwords are case sensitive... so be extra sensitive to that.
Changed email accts and you don't have access to the acct you originally used? Then just register anew.
You asked for your password to be emailed, and you never got it? Most likely you have an incorrect email. Double-check your spam filters, and if nothing, register anew, carefully typing your email address.
You've been logging in for AGES, but recently it won't allow it? Try going in from our WoodenBoat homepage: www.woodenboat.com. That will probably cure it. Or, reboot, clear cache, try a different browser.
Want to know if someone posted to your favorite thread? You can subscribe, and select a variety of ways to be notified, including an instant email. Please note: instant email does not work on items YOU post. Once in the thread, near the top, click Thread Tools->Subscribe to this Thread, then choose notification type. Don't forget to click the Add Subscription button.
The originator of the thread accidentally hits the box titled "Close thread". Re-open by going INTO the thread and using "Thread Tools" up near the top. But, you have to be the one who created the thread.
This forum now supports Forum Runner and Tapatalk, Android/iPhone/iPod Touch/iPad App that allows you to browse this forum using a native client. This means faster access for those users since it only downloads the actual forum information rather than all the extraneous images that slow down the mobile connection. It handles a variety of Forums, fully customizable home screen, private messages and subscribed thread updates, etc. There is a FREEBIE version of Forum Runner... you might want to try that first, and see if that does enough for you. There is a paid version for $1.99. Tapatalk has a paid version for $2.99.
How about using a salt water motor, would not expect the regular motors meant for fresh water to do very well in salt water.
What by the way is the displacement of arctic tern in crusing trim. What sort of power would you need for a 2200lbs sailing boat? Perhaps 2 motors? The batteries are easy to obtain and good ballast too. James
The 'how much power' question depends on how far and how fast you want to go. One cheesy trolling motor and one 50# battery would easily move your boat around in calm wind and still water for an hour. It wouldn't be practical outside that narrow definition though.
A decent system would be a 5 kW motor with four 60# 12v batteries. A better one would use 8 6v batteries
This is what I don't quite understand, why would anyone put a resistor in parallel with a motor? That would just waste power. I can imagine putting a resistor in series with a motor which would be a crude but effective speed reducer. If anyone can verify that the speed coils are parallel to the motor, then the coils are probably acting as additional field coils in a shunt-wound motor. Contrary to intuition, a stronger field reduces the speed of a motor by increasing the back-emf of the armature. This would also explain why the current doesn't decrease at lower speeds as much as one would imagine; the extra juice is used to suppress the rpm.
Yes the lower speeds put a resistor in parallel with the motor. As the speed drops the load on the prop lessens so the current doesn't go up.
Actually, I just thought of another possibility (which I can't test either because the motor is 1200 miles away)it could be that the field coils oppose the permanent magnet, that the lowest speed is the one with no field coils energized, and the coils weaken the field, increasing the speed. Someone from Minnkota needs to chime in here, or someone who can open up one of these motors and find out how they are wired.
Good luck trying to get MK to speak on the issue. They have refused to reply to several requests I have made on their "help line" which is no help at all.
When I asked MK about the amperage of a 10 lb thrust motor bought about 1975, they replied within a week.
In case anyone finds this old thread, I've just refinished the boat to sell (check out Woodenboat website ad) as its been sitting unused for several years. Battery was dead as a doornail of course but the motor (installed used 8 years ago) and electronics still work fine.
I also just sold two boats (canoes) that had been sitting around unused for years. Better someone else uses them then have them hanging in the rafters gathering dust.
Thanks Rich. I priced it to sell as I know it can be very hard to sell an owner built wood boat, no matter the quality.
In this case it sold right away to a guy from southern CA who saw it on the WB site a few days after to ad went up.
In related news I finally sold my second Harmony 25 (for about the cost of materials) after six years of trying.
A shout out to WB as the new owner saw the WB ad that somehow showed up on the offcenterharbor website
I'm in the process of sorting out how to put electric auxilliary power in my sloop, Bucephalus. Completely different beast than your Arctic Tern --19', deep keel, 3000# displacement-- so I'll need an entirely different approach than you used, but your innovation and technical expertise is both educational and inspirational.
It is an appealing design that is based on the 12 1/2. I like it very much as it is also the fore runner of the H28 a boat that we own.
All Herreshoff boats are simple to build if you follow LFH's notes. I would prefer cedar, or cypress carvel planking rather than strip or epoxy multi diagonal layup as it is less sticky and more pleasant to accomplish. Stick close to Skippers materials and scantlings and you will have a fine boat to enjoy for many years to come!
When I was about 14 My Dad had a BB14 cold molded as a trailer boat. It lived on a mooring over summer and during the winter it came home and we did some winter trailer boat racing. It was built with a small cuddy cabin with 2 bunks and then a boom tent over the cockpit.
Reaching and running the H28 was great downhill but upwind it was slow. In the light it was under canvased and when the wind got up the ballast ratio was too low and at 3'6" draft it was too shallow to make the most of it.
The trick of sailing the H28 up wind is to not pinch the boat too high. If you fall off a little the boat will maintain a higher rate of speed and the hull form will then lift her to weather. I have to admit that the main is too short on the luff. In order to produce better performance in light airs, I am building a new main mast that adds four feet to the hight of the main. This means and extra set of reef points. But I think the added performance will justify the change. Remember that the H28 was designed as a simple cruiser for one or two persons to handle.
Jae, that's much the same as Dad did to his H28. added 4' to the main mast and a bowsprit for an outer jib. made a world of difference. First reef was no longer up at 18 knts plus.
went using the dinghy tied along side with the seagull. That big 5 bladed Prop sure shifts some water.
The BB 14 was a second year project for many graduates of 'The Boat School' (officially the Washington County Vocational Technical School) in eastern Maine that turned out a number of graduates before folding some years ago. Antonio Dias and Greg Rossel were among them and may have more info for you:
If I had a dollar for every girl who found me unattractive, eventually they would find me attractive.
Looks like there was a weight importer at one point. Any way to enable this again? Uncommenting it doesn't seem to do anything with AC4.
EDIT: Just read a bit more, some older versions did have skeleton and skin support (v2.01.17 through v2.01.22). Anybody have downloads for those?
EDIT: Wait, it doesn't include any of the V2 versions before they removed skinning and weights. Are they gone forever? Could somebody either give a version of the arximporter with weight support and tell me how to use it, or send me a download you happen to have on your PC? Thanks
how did you know it worked before?if you are sure that you are working in advance, there is only one reason you do not work now.(you are using 3ds max 18) It does not work in the new 3ds max.
Do you know what version of 3DS Max it did work on? I have 2016 and 2018, but can download 2014 if nessessary.
As far as I know the arx importer available never imported weights and bones. There only is the skeleton support with info in ARchive_NeXT, but tha't pretty much it.
i'm so sorry but all of this try (for everything about forge) is bullshit! (im so so so so so sorry about that, but thats true)
just trying on a tool for unsourse & resourse forge. i did it for prince of persia... but not working on other games
I wanna export a model from Assasin's Creed: Revelations, but for any model which I click, I am getting an error and it makes me terminate the program. The first error outputs the followings;
Hi guys, searching for days, for months, and it's a year now, we asked for Rainbow six siege ARchive_neXt support, but no one want to tell us the method to do that, i know two guys who are capable to do that but they don't want to share it, so it's impossible ?!
i want to get few models from Paris in assassins creed unity, but every time i want to see a mesh, i get an error and have to close program from task manager. Anyone has the solution?
I want pretty much just a single weapon mesh from Unity (maybe a few others, once I find out how, but nothing grand or significant in scale) but whatever I try i get errors every time I try to open a mesh.
MDA said somewhere on here that you should, despite the error, still be able to export meshes, however, this is not true for me, ceaseless pop-ups make any sort of export quite impossible.
Also if I right click on the Mesh and export all as obj, I get nothing when imported in Blender, I've tried in Maya without any luck too... (obj are more or less 100kb)
I'm not sure if it's just me, but i am unable to extract succesfully any models from Ghost Recon: Wildlands. On Archive_Next, when trying to view any mesh, it gives endless amounts of errors and if you try to export the content of a spesific mesh folder into .obj format, the final product is completely broken.
Please Note: The Firmwares provided here in YouFirmware are all official Samsung's Android Firmwares and has NOT been modified by anyway as we get them directly from KIES servers, the download is FREE and No-Regstration is required. Beware, Manually flashing firmwares may brick your device, use it at your own risk and follow our tutorial steps.
Each of us has a unique artistic voice! Creating Abstract art is an exciting, surprising and totally fun way to discover yours. Join us in our beautiful studio and Be Free!
Looking for something fun for your kids to do for their first holiday break of the school season? Join us at Flipside as we start the holiday season off right!
There's Hallmark, but then again there's YOU.. Send ( or keep) cards designed and produced by you, incorporating natural elements such as Autumn leaves, tree bark, or any other enticing small art material provided by Mother Nature in your yard or on a walk through the forest.
Youve all heard or even stated: Its not black and white  Well , in this case it actually is! Every 2 dimensional piece of art will take form Within the compelling realm of choices that exist in shades of grey. Remember how much fun color forms were? This will be just as much fun without the colors. . Full description: Create provocative B&W art on museum board, paper and canvas.The geometric design and pattern possibilities are endless as we explore the use of various textured and smooth papers, inks and acrylic paint.
Learn the technique of fluid art and take home your own abstract holiday masterpiece. This form of painting is easy to learn and fun for all skill levels/ages. All supplies included!
Four jam packed days of celebration as we travel the world learning about festivals, celebrations and traditions in China, India, Africa, Europe and more!
Put the finishing touches on your child's winter break! We will have a New Year's Celebration all week to ring in the New Year!
This entry was posted by Silveira on 22 June, 2008 at 1:59 pm, and is filled under Uncategorized. Follow any responses to this post through RSS 2.0. You can leave a response or trackback from your own site.
Atarax is used for treating anxiety, for sedation before and after general anesthesia, and to treat itching due to certain allergic conditions, including hives and contact dermatitis.
Labelexpo Asia 2013 reached new visitor heights as it celebrated its tenth anniversary edition. Held at the Shanghai New International Expo Centre... Read more 
Wiyaala who is currently on tour in the UK and Europe has taken a break from her busy schedule to perform at HRH Queen Elizabeth 11s Official Birthday celebration
iflix the worlds leading Subscription Video on Demand (SVoD) service for emerging markets, today announced the establishment of iflix Africa to bring its world class service to sub-Saharan Africa (SSA). iflix
Actor, producer and director, Van Vicker is celebrating his wife, Adjoa Vicker on her 40th birthday. Adjoa turned 40 year today, January 24, 2017. To celebrate the day, the actor
Substitute Abdallah El Said scored a late winner for Egypt to knock Uganda out of the Africa Cup of Nations. After a drab game with few chances for either side,
After outdooring photos of her daughter, there was a triple-dose celebration for actress cum producer, Kafui Dankus baby; Lorde on Saturday, January 14, 2017 at the St. Peters Catholic Church,
United States of America President-elect Donald Trump has tweeted a New Year message to everyone, including to my many enemies. Happy New Year to all, including to my many enemies and those
Australia rang in the New Year with a spectacular fireworks display in Sydney, sending rainbow-coloured showers into the night sky and defying the global terror attacks that cast a pall
For Uber driver Keith Avila, Mondays shift in Sacramento, California started out like any other  but ended with him helping save a 16-year-old girl from child sex trafficking. Avila
The Edybentil Maternal Health Foundation on the 23rd of December 2016 had an outreach and donation to the Ayenyah CHPS compound which takes care of five communities including Ayenyah no
The Soho Bar at Marina Mall in Accra came alive on when LVC Entertainment, owned by Ghanaian Socialite, Mona Montrage, popularly known as Hajia4Real hosted the official end of year
Archives Select Month May 2015 October 2014 September 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010
Photoblog Ghazaal Mani 1388 | Any use of photographs and texts in print and electronic publications, blogs and websites is possible only with the permission of the owner.
The Gallery was demonstrated to the Polish printing companies and the outcome was more than positive.
Delicious, easy to take CoQ10 supplements in liquid form! Now you can actually look forward to taking your CoQ10 supplement. Order from Eniva today!
Coenzyme Q10 (CoQ10) acts as an antioxidant and occurs naturally in the body. Should you take a supplement?
You are here: Home / Fraud Alerts / Jury begins deliberations in Paul Manafort's tax- and bank-fraud trial
Jury begins deliberations in Paul Manafort's tax- and bank-fraud trial: Jurors began deliberations Thursday in the trial of President Trump's former campaign chairman Paul Manafort, who faces 18 counts of bank fraud and : Google Alert  Fraud
Fraud Has Become the Latest Hurdle for Music Streaming: Fraud is applicable because there's a tangible price tag involved in the consumption of a song: Labels and other rights owners are paid on a pro-rata : Google Alert  Fraud
Judge Rules Against ICO Founder in Fraud Lawsuit: A federal judge ruled against a blockchain startup and its founder after finding that several victims were defrauded out of potentially more than $ 1 : Google Alert  Fraud
Financial advisor to French Resistance heroine cleared of fraud and forging her will: Barry Jefferd, 57, was accused of abusing his position to commit fraud and forgery after helping Armande Cohen, 96, change her will because the : Google Alert  Fraud
[Listen] Lottery responds to Tshepo's Fraud claims: On Tuesday Xolani Gwala on #AfternoonDrive received an email from Tshepo arguing that fraud was committed against his NPO with a three hundred : Google Alert  Fraud
Jury begins deliberations in Paul Manafort fraud and tax evasion trial: ALEXANDRIA, Va.  A federal court jury began deliberations Thursday in the financial fraud trial of Paul Manafort following two weeks of often-bruising : Google Alert  Fraud
Paul Manafort trial: Jury begins deliberation in former Trump campaign chair's financial fraud case: The government has recommended to the court anywhere between 8 to 10 years in prison for falsifying tax returns, bank fraud conspiracy and failure : Google Alert  Fraud
UK Watchdog: Summer's Cryptocurrency Fraud Costs 2 Million in Losses: The UK's national policing lead for fraud has revealed figures wherein victims have reported 203 instances of cryptocurrency fraud totaling a little over : Google Alert  Fraud
Former Tory MLA Carl Benito target of immigration fraud investigation: The documents reveal this alleged fraud hinged on a scheme in which Benito, or one of his companies, arranged for up to $ 20,000 to be transferred : Google Alert  Fraud
Buyer beware: 3 ways to protect yourself from real estate wire fraud: With all the buzz about wire fraud for home purchase closings, it's hard to believe this scam is still successfully separating home buyers from their : Google Alert  Fraud
Feeding America is the nation's leading domestic hunger-relief charity. Our mission is to feed America's hungry through a nationwide network of member food banks and engage our country in the fight to end hunger. As the nations leading domestic hunger-relief charity, our food bank network members supply food to more than 37 million Americans each year, including 14 million children and 3 million seniors. Feeding America benefits from the unique relationship between our 202 local member food banks at the front lines of hunger relief and the central efforts of our national office.
History: As HOPEDALE: Capsized and sank at a wharf in Port aux Basques, Quebec on March 15, 1984, the day following an engine room fire.
Disposition: Capsized and sank alongside wharf at Port aux Basques, Quebec, on March 15, 1984, after fire had broken out in her engine room the previous day. Raised and declared a constructive total loss. Towed out to sea and scuttled in position 47.23N x 59.11W on June 22, 1984.
2013 used lexus is 350 4dr sedan rwd at momentum motorcars inc 2018 new lexus is is 300 awd at north new jersey new york auto group 2018 lexus is 300 charlotte nc 2014 used lexus is 250 4dr sport sedan automatic rwd at haims motors 2018 lexus is 300 charlotte nc used 2017 lexus is turbo duluth ga 2018 new lexus is is 300 f sport rwd at lexus san diego ca iid 2016 used lexus is 200t 4dr sedan at haims motors serving fort 2015 used lexus is 250 at haims motors hollywood serving fort lexus is 250 2013 in waterbury norwich middletown new haven This kind of graphic (Lexus Tire Lock Key Luxury 2018 New Lexus is is 300 F Sport Rwd at Penske Chandler Autoplex Az) previously mentioned can be labelled with: lexus tire and wheel coverage,lexus tire and wheel protection,lexus tire and wheel protection plan,lexus tire costs,lexus tire coupons,lexus tire coverage,lexus tire extended warranty,lexus tire key,lexus tire light,lexus tire light flashing 2013,lexus tire lug bolt issues,lexus tire pressure reset,lexus tire pressure sensor,lexus tire re mendations,lexus tire replacement,lexus tire rims,lexus tire road hazard warranty,lexus tire warning valves and transmitters,lexus tire wheel protection,lexus tires for sale, put up by means of Diana Gutierrez on 2018-05-28 06:12:54. To find out many photographs throughout New Lexus Tire Lock Key photographs gallery please stick to that hyperlink.
The visionary Georges Frem continues to guide our operations through his insightful philosophy, which emphasized that the objective of each member company will be to resolve one or more of the problems, which now hamper the social and economic development of the community. With the support of CEO Neemat Frem, we have established Phoenix Energy to identify gaps in the supply of renewable energy products and solutions for the Lebanese and regional markets. Thus far, weve focused on solar water heating, alternatives to diesel fuel, and waste management.
Solar Water Heater. When we found that solar water heating products available in the region lacked quality, performance, and simplicity, we contacted leading European suppliers of solar heating technologies to establish an exclusive partnership for Lebanon, Jordan, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Oman, United Arab Emirates and Kuwait.
Bio-Mass Boiler. When diesel fuel prices skyrocketed in 2008 and Lebanon experienced the shock of the international recession, we were driven to find more economic solutions for Lebanese to heat homes and businesses, while considering effects on the environment.
Phoenix Energy engineers turned to readily-available olive husks from local olive oil mills to fuel a bio-mass boiler, developed and manufactured in Italy, which operates at 92% efficiency. Phoenix Energy is now the exclusive agent for this product in Lebanon.
Waste-to-Energy Plant. When we looked for alternatives to recycle and transform waste into electricity, our professionals engineered a waste-to-energy plant.
Phoenix Energy can provide any public or private institution with a turn-key system that would consume waste and transform it into electricity, sterile ash, and emissions that meet European standards.
One of the largest online dating apps for ohio middle eastern singles on facebook with over 25 million connected singles, firstmet makes it fun and easy for mature adults in cincinnati to meet middle eastern people meet other single middle eastern adults in cincinnati like you - whether you are a single parent, divorced, separated, or have. Meet towson single gay men online interested in meet single gay men in towson are you single in towson and searching for a middle eastern single men. Single middle eastern men and women are waiting for you meet east indian, arab and other singles who want to meet a new friend, lover or long term partner join us now and create your free profile, middle eastern singles. Most beautiful middle-eastern women sensual and enchanting concepts with the clip of her debut single ha sahhar ou top 10 most handsome men in the world. Middle eastern immigrants to us the justice department and the ins have singled out middle eastern immigrants  men avoid calls to single out. Towson lexington park we're 100% free for everything, meet maryland singles todaychat with singles on our lovers, cute maryland women, handsome maryland men.
How and where to move overseas as a single population of opposite sex singles and that goes for both women and men middle east is a curious mix of. Women are brainwashed into stereotypes of middle eastern men that portray them as alpha why do middle eastern men have more dating success than indian men in. Where single middle east christians meet middeeastchristianscom is a friendly christian online meeting place for single middle east. Some may rank her on the top of the list most beautiful middle-eastern women with the clip of her debut single ha handsome men in the. Meet middle eastern men meet interesting middle eastern men worldwide on lovehabibi - the most popular place on the web for finding a handsome husband or boyfriend from middle east.
Lebanesechristianheartscom is an online dating service for men & women that connects lebanese singles for the purpose start browsing for other single christians. Villagio cafe off to a good start in towson with vaguely middle eastern artwork adorning the walls and a the single waiter/cashier handled.
Western visitors to egypt are often struck by the sight of men remaining single is usually brian whitaker is a former middle east editor of the guardian. Towson dating site, towson singles, towson personals free towson dating and personals site view photos of singles, personal ads, and matchmaking in towson do not pay for personals meet beautiful single women and men in towson.
Middle eastern fathers love and care for their children, sons show life-long commitment to their mothers and sisters, and husbands feel romantic love for their wives, even within arranged marriages these are emotional connections that are often taken for granted in the united states, of course, but in the face of such persistent. The middle east is a place that is rife with billionaires after all, oil and gas are abundant in the region, thereby allowing its owners to purchase the most. 10 great cities for older singles johns hopkins and towson university both operate new york can be affordable for middle-class folks  if you are.
This is a group aimed at single middle eastern men and women i have recently been to a few asian singles events and there were no iranian/arabic men or women at these events - hence i felt the need t. Towson university towson athletics support towson university welcomes future enjoy a contemporary version of this classic opera in a mad men meets mozart. Create your free profile you are about to view thousands of profiles and photos of arab single men and middle eastern single men: lebanese men, egyptian men. Eastern shore online dating for eastern shore singles 1,500,000 daily active members eastern shore maryland wycm 45 single woman seeking men towson dating. Single arab men if you are looking ethnicity: middle eastern i'm a good boy in union city seeking a wife (32) arab men singles in tulsa religion: muslim. Meet single black men in towson are you ready to discover a single black man to start a relationship that leads to the alter middle eastern single men in towson. Middle eastern single men seeking women - personal ads and photos.
Find men seeking men in north east online datehookup is a 100% free dating site to meet gay men in north east, maryland. Find middle eastern women seeking men listings on oodle classifieds join millions of people using oodle to find great personal ads. Middle eastern single women seeking men - personal ads and photos. For many women in the middle east, equality with men and personal freedom do not seem to be meaningful goals in the minds of many women, equality and freedom have become associated with undesirable aspects of westernization - having to perform full-time jobs both in the workplace and in the home, the disintegration of the family, the.
Although you may think of yourself as a safe and careful driver, accidents do happen and it can cause both physical and financial damage to yourself and others. Car insurance is a solution that can help mitigate this risk.
Car Insurance (or vehicle) insurance is a type of insurance that protects you from the financial loss of a car accident, if your car needs to be replaced or repaired.
Car insurance also protects you from the financial liability you may incur, as a result of any physical or property damage caused by your car accident.
Depending on the level of coverage, car insurance can also cover the medical expenses from any personal injury sustained in the car accident.
Anybody who owns or drives a car can benefit from car insurance. In almost all US states, there is a legal requirement to have a minimum level of car insurance coverage. This means that is compulsory to have liability insurance.
When you apply for car insurance, the insurer will assess your risk by looking at a number of factors, such as:
Based on this assessment, the insurer will determine your premium (or payment). Also, when you make a claim on your policy you may have to pay an excess (also known as deductible). This is a contribution paid by you when making the claim.
It is important to note that liability coverage doesnt cover you or your passengers for injury or property damage.
This type of coverage will pay for the repair or replacement of your vehicle due to a collision. This is defined two ways:
This insures your vehicle against damage other than from an accident. This includes natural disaster, theft or a falling object (such as a tree branch).
Also known as no-fault insurance, this type of insurance will cover you from all your medical expenses, no matter whom was at fault.
This covers you from drivers who break the law and drive uninsured. It will also cover you from drivers who are underinsured, that dont have enough coverage to pay for all your medical expenses or car damage.
If youre looking to save money  you can purchase just the minimum level liability insurance required in your state. This is the most riskiest option.
If you dont have health insurance  consider personal injury protection insurance. It not only covers you, but your family and other occupants in the car as well.
If you want complete peace of mind  If you can afford to do so, adding uninsured motorist coverage to a comprehensive plan can give you peace of mind.
Premium vs Excess (Deductible)  You can lower the premium you pay if you increase your excess. Conversely, you can lower your excess by increasing your premium.
Check rates periodically  insurance is a major expense in any persons budget, so comparing rates with other insurers every 2-3 years can save you substantial amounts of money.
Having adequate car insurance coverage is an important part of owning a car. It can help you avoid the stress of financial problems, should an accident occur. By doing your research, you will be able to find the right car insurance policy to suit your budget and needs.
We all know that if someone is being featured on Google Doodle, there is something extraordinary about that person. In September 18th, 2017, Google Doodle celebrated what would have been the 308th birthday of Samuel Johnson (18 September 1709  13 December 1784). A prodigious British writer and thinker, Johnson had produced some of the most captivating writings that were widely read during the Enlightenment such as The History of Rasselas: Prince of Abissinia (1759) (Amazon). If theres one more work that catapulted him into fame, its his Dictionary of the English Language a final product of nine year of rigorous work, and now is considered as one of the most influential dictionaries in the history of the English language.
Johnson might have been dead for more than three hundred years, but his words have the uncanny power to outlive his own life. Even he is often considered as the second most quoted Englishmen, according to The Oxford Dictionary of Quotations. A classic book titled Wit and Wisdom of Samuel Johnson (Public Domain) (Public Library) is a record of some of Johnsons famous sayings, organized neatly by George Birkbeck Norman Hill.
Here are some of my favorites of his sayings, touching on the topics such as reading, curiosity, and knowledge.
He said that, for general improvement, a man should read whatever his immediate inclination prompts him to; though to be sure, if a man has a science to learn, he must regularly and resolutely advance. He added, what we read with inclination makes a much stronger impression. If we read without inclination half the mind is employed in fixing the attention; so there is but one half to be employed on what we read. He told us he read Fieldings Amelia through without stopping. He said, If a man begins to read in the middle of a book and feels an inclination to go on, let him not quit it to go to the beginning. He may perhaps not feel again the inclination. 
Of whatever we see we always wish to know; always congratulate ourselves when we know that of which we perceive another to be ignorant. Take therefore all opportunities of learning that offer themselves, however remote the matter may be from common life or common conversation. Look in Herschels telescope; go into a chemists laboratory; if you see a manufacturer at work, remark his operations. By this activity of attention you will find in every place diversion and improvement.
Curiosity is, in great and generous minds, the first passion and the last; and perhaps always predominates in proportion to the strength of the contemplative faculties.
It is indeed much more easy to form dialogues than to contrive adventures. Every position makes way for an argument, and every objections dictates an answer. When two disputants are engaged upon a complicated and extensive question, the difficulty is not to continue, but to end the controversy. But whether it be that we comprehend but few of the possibilities of life, or that life itself affords little variety, every man who has tried knows how much labor it will cost to form such a combination of circumstances as shall have at once the grace of novelty and credibility, and delight fancy without violence to reason.
Archives Select Month October 2018 (1) September 2018 (2) August 2018 (3) July 2018 (3) June 2018 (2) May 2018 (1) April 2018 (2) March 2018 (3) February 2018 (1) January 2018 (4) December 2017 (2) November 2017 (3) October 2017 (2) September 2017 (3) August 2017 (4) July 2017 (8) June 2017 (8) May 2017 (7) April 2017 (3)
How to Start a Movement by Entrepreneur, Musician, Writer, and a Former Circus Performer, Derek Sivers
,        |    |   
The new x files has another episode tonight. Im making catjails 5 and 6. Im a weeaboo nerd, and I keep talking about blade runner for some reason.
History's Strongest Disciple Kenichi 414 released in manga lion fastest, recommend your friends to read History's Strongest Disciple Kenichi 414 now!
Sample, Pastor Resume was posted November 2, 2015 at 3:36 pm by tyneandweartravel.info . More over Pastor Resume has viewed by 259 visitor.
Bigcoinvietnam Company is one of biggest venture capital funds in Vietnam focusing on blockchain industry. We are also a conscientious communication partner and consultant for ICO, crypto projects in terms of various marketing services.
ICO Gens- Generations of promising ICOs ICO Gens is an independent ICO (Token Sale) database and is not affiliated with any ICO project or company
All of our Service Technicians are licensed and certified by the Texas Department of Public Safety. They have all passed criminal and FBI background checks and are required to pass both Texas level 1 and 2 certifications within the first ninety days of their employment.
No. Our security systems uses cellular communication to communicate emergencies between your alarm panel and our monitoring central stations.
No. Our security systems uses cellular communication to communicate emergencies between your alarm panel and our monitoring central stations. Our alarm panels can also use your wifi to communicate emergency signals to our monitoring central stations as a backup to the cellular communication.
Yes. All of our monitoring central station provide 24/7 monitoring so your property is protected around the clock.
Yes, you can choose to purchase security alarm equipment from us and monitor it by yourself. This is called local monitoring, meaning no emergency signal is being sent to a monitoring central station. You can also choose to install the equipment yourself or hire one of our licensed professional install it for you. Some functionality of the equipment might be limited, which we can explain to you before purchase.
Our rates vary depending on the level of service you choose. Contact us today for a complimentary quote on monitoring and equipment rates.
Yes! As long as your home has wifi internet, you will be able to see your cameras from your smart phone whenever you have cellular and internet coverage.
Yes. Most cities, counties or jurisdictions require you to obtain an alarm permit once your system is installed. This protects homeowners against intruders using false identities and helps jurisdictions crack down on companies using old equipment that causes false alarms. Our state-of-the-art equipment greatly reduces your chances of ever getting a false alarm.
Resin buffalo skull with gold electroplated 55x45x17mm. Chain smokey grey Crystal with brass wire and clasp. 2 feet long.
I'll do my best to meet these shipping estimates, but can't guarantee them. Actual delivery time will depend on the shipping method you choose.
Buyers are responsible for any customs and import taxes that may apply. I'm not responsible for delays due to customs.
Because of the nature of these items, unless they arrive damaged or defective, I can't accept returns for:
Buyers are responsible for return shipping costs. If the item is not returned in its original condition, the buyer is responsible for any loss in value.
In Suites you will discover a DVD player way too. The Studio Suite is really a spacious 64sq m with big views that, in certain rooms, may be relished within the bathtub as well.
You will discover butler buttons in all rooms just just in case you can't pop open your latest designer LV suitcase and all rooms function splendid fool-proof metal aviator switches to operate lights and a lot more.
Suites run from 68sq m to 109sq m with specialty suites presenting additional elbow space. The Presidential Suite weighs in at an elephant-swinging 381sq m with an outdoor terrace with sweeping sights, plunge pool, and A non-public spa cure home. Without a doubt, most rooms supply amazing Bangkok skyline panoramas, nowhere far better appreciated than on the ninth floor pool deck overlooking the British Embassy considerably underneath. It is an open up and rather personal spot as opposed to several lodge pools. Sun loungers are arrayed throughout the infinity saline pool - showcasing volcanic blue tiles - with additional on the grey stone stepped amphitheatre sprouting manicured foliage. Indoors examine the Embassy Space for dining, and the lounge. The Penthouse on the 34th floor is actually a spiffy hangout with cosy bars, grand sights (across a few floors), a homey come to feel with assorted bric-a-brac, in addition to a clubby all black whiskey space accessed by way of a little crimson-tile anteroom. Park Hyatt Bangkok also provides pinstripers twelve perform and corporate meeting venues totalling 2,000sq m for conferencing or elegant small corporate conferences. And on ranges ten and 11 is definitely the spa with 8 remedy suites with crystal steam rooms, whirlpools, and 'dry warmth laconium rooms' for an instant apres-function sweat-out.
For more room try out a Desire Nirvana Suite. Take pleasure in the spa, dine in design, or rock. It is all in this article. A brief walk from Sukhumvit, this is not a resort for all preferences but it absolutely exudes a sense of entertaining. The glass-bead-curtained Flava Bar & Lounge is a popular hangout for younger metropolis folks craving an apres-do the job tipple.
This site is so awesome to me. I'll carry on to return in this article many times. Pay a visit to my link too. Excellent luck
As I Internet site possessor I believe the content substance Here's rattling fantastic , respect it for your personal efforts. You'll want to retain it up for good! Better of luck.
The Sukosol Bangkok (previously the Siam Metropolis Resort) is run from the indefatigable Sukosol singing spouse and children. The household has quite a colourful background and a few of this has spilled more than in the remake of the old tackle. The Sukosol is actually a skip through the highway in the Phayathai BTS station. It has been jazzed up substantially to supply a trendy getaway in a reasonably easy area for business travellers and also leisure travellers with roomy family members rooms (in ochre or lavender hues) for anyone travelling with Youngsters, a spa, expanded File&B stores, plus a ballroom for meetings, weddings or cocktails. This is a household-welcoming resort having a Mini VIP programme for youngsters with welcome presents, babysitters, and use of DVDs, baby tubs and bottle heaters.
The JW Marriott Bangkok has been through a spectacular transformation that may entice outdated aficionados to return and aid this deal with reclaim its mantle as among the finest Bangkok business inns with great convention and compact company meetings venues in addition (14,400sq ft of Room and twelve function rooms).
Select the brilliant and airy 60sq m Dusit Rooms in the main wing close to the foyer. These are generally spacious and effectively kitted out which has a lounge portion. The loos are significant as well as decor is yet again classical in tan pastels and blond wood which has a front room for entertaining. Find a larger flatscreen Television which has a JBL sound method. Dusit Club rooms offer you club features, butler expert services, personal check-in and late checkout.
Charges may perhaps commence at a comfortable US65 an evening so the gentle inconvenience of place is worthwhile. And, if you want, you may walk down the kilometre or so extend to Ruam Rudee. There are several plug sockets and they're inside the outdated Thai design and style with a few pins. You will want an adapter. Two-Bed room suites have kitchen services (in addition to glass and chinaware) for serving up your very own culinary creations.
The toilet features Thann amenities With all the outdated turquoise tiles in place with a soaking tub, one particular clean basin, a hairdryer, and a power-shower cubicle. Grand Suites present 70sq m of extend space While using the same style touches and darkwood furniture and straightforward chairs with ottomans for fatigued ft. The only real evidence on the aged blond Wooden is during the lobby and public areas wherever it can be matched with beige marble and hints of polished brass to build an airy and shiny welcome for visitors. Like high-quality wine, the public spaces have aged well and also a number of cafe revamps have set the location abuzz. Check out the late 2014 entrant, 'Dine in the Dark' to get a touchie-feelie practical experience in total darkness served by blind employees as Element of an interesting CSR initiative. Anticipate a 4 class Bt1,450 menu (Asian, vegetarian, Western, or perhaps a 'surprise'). This is right behind street-level Barsu with its retro tunes and wine. Pop in to the stylish, Basil cafe for Thai, now with just four-area nine-system established foods for lunch and evening meal for no less than two. Sample Italian at Rossini's, or pop up to your Sala, poolside for light-weight menus and alfresco breezes.
When there is a quibble, the in-place Protected is on the modest side. Park cameras and videos here or a really small notebook. Nonetheless, in these rarefied environs, your notebook must be Risk-free with out a Fort Knox assure.
Peeling, musty, derelict, but oddly pleasing in an aged European sort of way, the residence features a organization "No Sex Vacationers" policy and a sign to this outcome hangs outdoors the doorway. The lodge says it's got a "zero-tolerance plan toward troublemakers". Our look at entirely. Concerning Soi 6 and Soi four is The brand new home-cum-resort the Grand Sukhumvit by Sofitel. The resort is a brief stroll from the BTS Nana Station on Sukhumvit. With the main focus a great deal on lengthy-stays an in-area benefit is definitely the microwave and kitchenette. This hotel might not be for everybody. however it is conveniently located and is also a handy selection for longstay visitors.
Many thanks for sharing such a wonderful posting. It is actually practical to me and all people today. One particular Believe in my thoughts arrived whilst looking through that it is not throwing away of your time. bloxorz Enjoy the purpose of the sport is to obtain the block to drop into your sq. hole at the conclusion of each floor tiles price in goa phase. You will discover 33 stages to finish.
Leanna Leigh is 20 years old from LA . She would like to model the following : Fashion,Casual,Stock,Commerical,Lifestyle,Swimsuit ,Pinup,Lingerie,Glamour,Implied nude,Bondage,Body Paint,Artistic Nude,Glamour Nude,Erotic Nude,and Girl/Girl. All nude genres are paid shoots only! So anyone who is interested to work with her, send her an email and She looks forward to working with you. Check her out at http://www.xxxfilmjobs.com/profile_v...?user_id=17420 Here are some photos
Hayden Night is 23 years old from California . She has been modeling for over a year now. The last six months has been all modeling and industry work. She was a dancer before then and she enjoy both very much. She's looking to do more artistic photo shoots and she has a few ideas of her own she would like to implement into a shoot of her making. She's to the point and loves to try it all. She's outgoing and adventurous, so the strange doesn't seem so strange in her eyes. So anyone who is interested to work with her, send her an email and She looks forward to working with you. Check her out at http://www.xxxfilmjobs.com/profile_v...p?user_id=2323 Here are some photos
Tatianna is 28 years old from New York . She is available for print ,film and dancing work .She loves this industry.She's open to most work and scenes. So anyone who is interested to work with her, send her an email and She looks forward to working with you. Check her out at http://www.xxxfilmjobs.com/profile_v...p?user_id=1350 Here are some photos
Olivia is 33 years old from Michigan . She has done several adult photo shoots. She also has shot several adult scenes in Michigan and LA, California. She's very comfortable in front of the camera and would love to star in your production. So anyone who is interested to work with her, send her an email and She looks forward to working with you. Check her out at http://www.xxxfilmjobs.com/profile_view.php?user_id=220 Here are some photos
Tatiana Petrova is 34 years old from Miami . She is a Russian born US citizen living in South Florida. She has been modeling back in her old country and started again last year here in the USA. She prefer g/g, solo and fetish. She might consider b/g with certain conditions. She professional, always on time, and expect the same from the people who contact her. So anyone who is interested to work with her, send her an email and She looks forward to working with you. Check her out at http://www.xxxfilmjobs.com/profile_v...p?user_id=1309 Here are some photos
Claire Shivers is 25 years old from California . She has been modeling, albeit fashion at that time, since her early teens. She enjoys being a muse, the camera's eye never blinking for long. So anyone who is interested to work with her, send her an email and She looks forward to working with you. Check her out at http://www.xxxfilmjobs.com/profile_v...?user_id=16990 Here are some photos
Barbie Baja is 32 years old from Indiana . She has been doing film work and modeling for a few years now, and has been dancing for way longer than that. She has been Feature Dancing and touring around the country for about 2 years now. So anyone who is interested to work with her, send her an email and She looks forward to working with you. Check her out at http://www.xxxfilmjobs.com/profile_v...p?user_id=4295 Here are some photos
Juliana Jolene is 29 years old from LA . She has been doing film work and modeling since 2007, and she loves every minute of it! So anyone who is interested to work with her, send her an email and She looks forward to working with you. Check her out at http://www.xxxfilmjobs.com/profile_view.php?user_id=492 Here are some photos
As a Black Friday Deal you get 40% off any of our scripts at Roboscripts. Its time for you to start promoting cams sites!.
The rebate coupon of 40% is valid until Monday the 27th end of day. We accept PayPal, Paxum, Perfect Money and BTC. Processing of your order is instant.
For those who wish to use Paxum, please contact me since rebate coupons don't work well will this particular payment gateway.
We got wery many interesting contacts from packaging and printing companies in domestics and abroad.
6/16 File Gallery visited Drupa exhibition in Dsseldorf Germany. We were surprised about the great interest to the Gallery software. In 11 days Drupa exhibition we demonstrated the software 158 times to company representatives from 47 different countries.
4/16 Matti Mikkola started at File Gallery Oy. Before File Gallery he worked in Sanomapaino as a Development manager.
The Annual Registrars Conference was held from 22 to 26 October 2012. This Conference was attended by senior managers from the ten deeds registries, as well as the senior managers from the offices of the Surveyors General. Also present were representatives from each of the Provincial Law Societies.
In total 81 matters were discussed and resolutions taken. These relate to the day to day practice of Conveyancing and Notarial Practice, and became operative on the 2nd January 2013 vide CRC 16 of 2005.
All persons involved in conveyancing and notarial practice must take cognizance of the resolutions, as some have altered the practice and others have merely confirmed the existing practice.
The resolutions taken have been divided into specific categories, which are now dealt with under the said headings.
7/2012 - RCR 83 of 2010, as amended by RCR 19 of 2011: Opening of sectional title register by executor
8/2012 - RCR 89 of 2010 (as amended by RCR 20 of 2011): Cancellation of servitude to which the common property is entitled to and section 72(2)bis of Act No. 47 of 1937
11/2012 - RCR 67 of 2011: Acquiring of extended right in terms of section 25 of the Sectional Titles Act, 95 of 1986
16/2012 - Dealing with bonds where title is cancelled in terms of section 6 of the Deeds Registries Act 47 of 1937
33/2012 - Consents to sub division and endorsements on Power of Attorney in terms of Regulation 38 of Ordinance 15 of 1986
35/2011 - Portion of a public space or public street closed and converted to an ordinary erf in terms of Ordinance 15 of 1985
44/2012 - Application in terms of section 39(3) of the Administration of Estates Act, 66 of 1965, where property is attached
47/2012 - Transfer of remainder of farm with a date of sale prior to the date of issue of the Act 70 of 1970 consent/li>
51/2012 - Section 17: Transfer of part of the common property which includes part of an exclusive use area
81/2012 - Section 14(5) of the Sectional Titles Act, 95 of 1986: Amendment and cancellation of Sectional Plans
Signed copies of Ghosts & Spirits Tarot are now available. Each deck is signed in three different places: The cover, the booklet, and the bonus card. Decks are wrapped in heavy duty paper and are shipped in a bubble mailer. $30 + $10 S&H.
All packages are prepared with great care and include a free greeting card showcasing Lisa's art.Orders outside the continental USA add for $15 S&H and need to include a contact phone number per the new USPS regulations. This is a limited time offer, so get your copy today! Please allow up to 3 weeks for mailing.
On paper, Protomartyr and Metz sharing a bill seemed absolutely brilliant. And before we get any further,
With the disappearance of Trailer Park and Vanguard, Copenhagen has been missing a localised music festival that
Copenhagens Cinemateket is back with another edition of Musikfilm Festival, a film festival dedicated to music documentaries,
This weeks guest on What Doesnt Kill You hiked 1,700 miles along the proposed Keystone XL route. Yes, actually! Ken Ilgunas started in Denver, hitchhiked across the Canadian border, took a flight over the Tar Sands of Alberta, and commenced his walk in Hardisty, AB, the northern terminus of the soon-to-be pipeline. The journey was documented in the recently published Trespassing Across America: One Mans Epic, Never-Done-Before (and Sort of Illegal) Hike Across the Heartland. He and Katy chat about the long journey, the trials and tribulations Ken experienced along the way and the realities facing the areas along this route.
Everyone in the plain states has a sense of mortality for their towns. They know economic situations can boot them out of their town or home. [37:00]
Ain't that cool. Tweet this tag or use the form below to comment on this post. Your tweet will appear on your twitter feed and also in the space below. Click here to log in to the app.
In the aftermath of Hurricane Florence, Hog manure lagoons breached and oceans of untreated animal waste flooded over land and
Some recently concluded studies by the USGS indicate some better news about water quality in agricultural areas, but its not all rosy
Nitrogen and Phosphorus runoff from agricultural chemicals is killing the gulf of Mexico, and local waterways as well. Iowa is
New Yorker Journalist Chalres Bethea and Water Keeper Alliance senior advisor Rick Dove talk about the aftermath of Hurricane Florence,
For a past few days, I have seen a lot of bad things about VI. Can play cho dai d (big two) in class, can jump over the wall and lots more!! Really drop my impression such that VI is for geeky students, IT'S SO DARN WRONG THAT VICTORIANS ARE WORSE THAN MIHARJAN!! What a cluster school.... Majority is malay, followed by chinese and then indian. However, form 6 is always dominated by chinese since there are many 'offers' for malay students after spm.
Since I'm not used to this school, I had prepared something like switching school to TARC and etc (MBS lol...). I went to TARC with my cousin to check this place. The bus numbered 191 will take you from lot 10 to tarc campus. Use a lot of money lo.... Each time RM1 pokkai lo.... My cousin's hostel is lousy la... full of dust, no astro and then sleep on the floor. The life is like poverty.. haihz... I heard from Elaine that her class had 26 students under scholarship at TARC, all were from different states. They were coming to TARC just for fun lol... that's why the lecturers are underpaid.
THEN VI OR TARC? I haven't seen the goods of VI teachers yet. Based on the last year result, it seems not satisfying for science stream students... Should i go to CHS or Samad and live with my sister? The tuition center in SS2 is quite good as i heard while KL 1 is famous but unreliable.
3. The lecturers are underpaid, so the passion for teaching will be lesser. (not really, there is a person who scored 5As at there, splendid!)
This week is orientation week and I already took my 1st MC due to medical checkup for my knee's injury. Ta Huei is coming for STPM, nice to see you, haha...
Well, the first day is very boring. A lot of speeches from teacher especially Pn. Datin Maimun whose kept talking talking talking yadda yadda... She said form 6 is like a self improvement year rather than scoring string of As. Why? I personally think there's no top scorer produced from this school. When I think other way, we students should be those who make history for this school. This school kept saying their art stream students are high achievers. What about science stream students? Not good la?
Only registration day already become like orientation day from teacher. =.= I haven't known the teachers and yet we lower 6 students have to organize something to celebrate teachers' day? WTH... The teachers are trying to say that the school is very reputable and somehow convinced me to stay here rather than changing to MBS... Plus I'm able to take 5 subjects! That's really put my worries aside. Anyway, I know F6 is a good choice but right choice for school? I really have no idea...
This is the new beginning... Form 6! When I got my result for SPM, I just applied for UPU and JPA scholarship since most scholarships offer Engineering and Arts courses. The result? JPA is rejected since I'm not that outstanding (just normal straight As). What I can't believe is that I don't even get a place for UPU!! I chose computer science also cannot get!! Straight As also cannot get, what is the criteria to get admitted to public uni? Become a Malay? lol....
I used to think of studying business as I thought if I want to be rich, I have to take business course. This perception is so so... wrong. I saw many graduates from business studies ended up 'makan gaji'(being employee). It's like you can set up your own business with a business degree? Only if you're rich, or else you only help your boss to generate lots of cash.
I want to take something reputable like medical, dentistry and pharmacy. (Competitive courses, right?). These jobs will be always be the safe spot during recession because... everyone needs to cure the illness, right? So STPM is my only choice. A-level is quite risky since public uni is exempted from the list. Actually I don't regret taking STPM since it's widely recognized for its high level. There's students admitted to Cambridge and Oxford with STPM results. Terrific? Yeah, most students don't know this.
I'm going to SMK Victoria for STPM since my school is under VI. I just knew this yesterday and registration day falls on 11th May. wth =.= I hope that VI does offer 5 subjects since I wanted to do it so badly. Getting admission to NUS is given priority to 5 subjects student rather than 4 flat students with 4 subjects. If the answer is no for 5 subjects, then I'm switching to MBS. I am aiming high for this test and ready to sacrifice. I hope that teachers in VI can really help me to achieve my dream.
When I watched this, my right hand is involuntary trying to cover my precious 'nut'. This activity can be used as an exercise to strengthen his nut. Next time, Flying Nutshot Mouth Drop!
The objective of STPM is to pass people right? How do you explain the fact that 87% of the students passed the exams of the Sijil Tinggi Persekolahan Malaysia (STPM) recently, when during your fathers time only 10% would have passed? Are students getting smarter? Or are STPM questions getting easier? Let me put things in their proper perspective.
The correct answer was "1402", and they found that only 10% of the students managed to answer the question correctly. This didnt go down too well with the authorities, because the objective of the exams was to pass people, right? I mean, whats the point of having exams if people fail?
The results were better in that 20% of the students passed. But it was still not good enough, so the authorities tried a different tactic a few years later.
The results were getting pretty acceptable by now but still not good enough. Most other countries would be satisfied with a 50% passing rate, but not us. The authorities then cracked their heads and then came out with this one:
"One day in the year 1402, Parameswara founded the kingdom of Melaka. Then he went home to have dinner. What did he eat?"
Well done Malaysia! Perhaps, this is why we have so many students with an impressive string of As who can hardly construct a decent sentence! Malaysia Boleh!
Well, I'm going to take STPM next year and will be starting my Lower 6 soon. I'm kinda anxious right now.
Ketsumi tired of everyday life, she wants to feel the humiliation and so came to the master of torture that would be punished...
When I began writing my masters thesis, I had a big decision to make: Microsoft Word or LaTeX. I didnt like the equation formatting in Word, but I could live with it. However, I was at the tail end of a campus thesis editor who HATED LaTeX, and so I was told that I would save myself a lot of heartache if I just went with Word. I also figured that the learning curve was significantly less steep for Word. I was wrong on both counts, and the equation formatting ended up being the least of my concerns. As it turns out, writing a large document in Microsoft Word required me to learn to use settings I wasnt familiar with. For instance, I had to learn to put pictures in such that they would be recognized by the program as a figure. Then, I had to make a table giving []
Posted in Communication, Education, Software | Tagged LaTeX, TeX, thesis, Word, word processing | 13 Responses
To Apply visit this link: http://cips.io/a91f02  Job Requirements Be a native English Speaker with a neutral accent American, Canadian, or British nationals only Be between 20 - 45 years of age Be healthy, energetic, creative and presentable in front of children Be proficient using computers and general computer software Working Hours Minimum 12 teaching hours covering, at least, 3 days a week& Oslash; At least 8 hours over Fri, Sat, & Sun during peak times 18: 30 - 21: 30hrs BJTSalary& benefit1. Salary: 19-22$/hour according to your workload; 2. Successful student transformation bonuses: at least 5 dollars per student. The more the transformation, the higher the bonus will be. 3. Non complaint bonus4. Slot Completion award: If the teacher completes the scheduled course on time, he can get an extra bonus for completing the course.
To Apply visit this link: http://cips.io/ff661c  About I Can Read I Can Read teaches ESL and English Literacy to students aged 2. 515 years old through our fun and unique teaching methodology. We teach all areas of ESL, combined with our unique approach to phonology and literacy to give students all the skills needed to be confident and proficient in English. Classes are designed to be interactive, activity based and focused on individual student needs and progress. Our curriculum and methodology were designed over 15 years of research by education psychologists, and we have been enriching the lives of students in Asia for over 17 years. We provide a comprehensive training program me, plus all the curriculum and materials you need to teach exciting lessons. We have learning centres in 9 countries and offer opportunities for professional growth and career advancement. Find out more at WWW. unread. Asia
Archives Select Month February 2018 July 2017 December 2016 September 2016 July 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 September 2015 August 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2012
Follow this link to discover the Photographic Services that are available or select one from the list below.
Bolsover Castle was built in the early 17th century by the Cavendish family replacing a previous medieval castle built by the Peverel family. The castle is a Grade 1 Listed building and a scheduled ancient monument. The panorama is made up from multiple stitched images and covers 260 x 40.
Hadleigh Castle was constructed by Hubert de Burgh in 1215 and its ruined remains still overlooking the Thames estuary. This image is composed of multiple frames stitched together to produce this 225 by 40 panorama.
A super wide-angle stitched panoramic view from outside of West Kennet Long barrow. To the right of the barrow Silbury hill can be seen with Avebury beyond in the mists. Built between 3500-4000 BC and originally used as a burial chamber it now forms part of the Avebury World Heritage Site.
A wide-angle view of the path towards Bayleaf Farmstead, one of the 50 historic buildings at the Weald and Downland Open Air Museum.
A wide-angle stitched panoramic view looking South West from Glenfinnan overlooking Loch Shiel. The glen is where the Jacobite rising began in 1745 when Bonnie Prince Charlie raised his standard on the loch shores.
A wide-angle stitched panoramic view looking from Dun Beag towards the Macleod's Tables. Dun Beag is an Iron Age broch or round stone tower that stands with a commanding view of the sea and local area.
If you've looked through my site and have any questions, I'd be glad to help you. You can contact me on my mobile on 07801 103635 or send me an E-mail and I will get back to you as soon as I can.
Author Topic: Vera Plus (working beautifully, then chose fw update - now just power light) (Read 10664 times)
Any tips or tricks I can try? I had boxed away my vera plus for quite some time (kids were just messing with doors and windows that I had monitoring on). I pulled it out to get back into it. I plugged it back in everything lit up and I wad able to access it via vera mobile. I could see everything was there just as I had left it. My cameras were online and everything was happy. I noticed it was requesting a fw update via my desktop browser. I told it to upgrade. It gave me the this could take 15 minutes. Well I let it sit for 30-40 minutes and it never came back online. I have power cycled it but nothing. I sent an email to support but hoping there is something I can do to resolve the issue myself. Any help is much appreciated.
After the update all the lights were on but I could not connect. Web portal showed offline and attempts at a remote connection did not work despite indications by vera lights that it was on line. I was set up wirelessly so I hooked the vera in to the home network via cat5 cable, restarted for 3rd time....still nothing for a good couple of minutes. After 15 minutes I was going to do a reset to factory when a new IP popped up on my DHCP table. Vera still showed offline via web interface. New IP was the vera and I was able to log in remotely, re-initialized my wifi. Vera popped up on web portal.
Last time I was able to do a Factory reset and have spend around 40hours getting everything back (including devices and crashed plugins).
I have all lights on with a slow blinking power light. I can see that the Vera has received a DHCP address from my router. I am unable to access anything via that address. I still show my Vera is offline.
Sounds similar to my experience. Did you physically hook up the vera to the network via cat5 cable? I let mine sit for some time after a restart and was able to re-establish communication.
Usually, a blinking power light means Vera's somewhere in its startup sequence. If you have the network address, is the "Service" light flashing or steady? If it's steady, try going via the portal - home.getvera.com; if not then sounds like you'll need to call support and have them take a look.
Yeah, I let it sit overnight. It is hard-wired directly to my switch. I tried 6 reset hits in 6 seconds (dont mind if I have to reset). I just get all lights on with slow blinking power light. I notice that my router hands it a dhcp address (based on mac address). I am not able to access it via web by ip or ssh (will not respond to ping either). Any other ideas? I have an email convo with support but so far just the canned basic try 3 in 6 then 6 in 6.
One hour after I upgraded, the Vera was not reachable, all lights was not on. Then suddenly it wake up, and give me info that I didn't have enough space available. Now it doesn't work, again...
since a couple of weeks my Vera Plus has a lot of reboots (about once every 15min), causing scenes with delays in it not to run completely. Contacting Support did not help a thing... so I tried to fix it myself, knowing that I could do a factory reset and restore a recent backup.
Yesterday I upgraded to FW 1.7.3453, eversince the device is acting unpredictable and does NOT let me restore my back-ups any longer. FRUSTRATING !!!
When trying to restore a working backup-file, the unit just hangs with all leds on except the ones for Z-Wave, Zigbee and Bluetooth. Unit isn't accesible nor via local network nor via getvera.com. The only solution to get out of that situation is a factory reset (6x reset-button).
So... I tried to start from scratch (new install, adding rooms, adding apps,..) and it takes huge time ?nd still resets around every 10 to 15 minutes.
In normal conditions I have about 150 devices connected... but even with the rebuild I noticed the restarts without added devices...
HELP !!! I want to try going back to firmware 7.0.22 (Vera Plus 1.7.3015) and see if that allows me to restore one of my backup-files...
I had the exact same symptoms. Called support and they remoted in and got it running again this morning. They said what they did will also fix my recurring engine reloads--multiple times per day--common problem that is well-documented on the forum--but I'll believe that when I see it.
I am experiencing the same problem as reported by others on this thread. Vera Plus working well but then I decided to do the firmware update today. Waited for more than 15 minutes for the update to complete and now my Vera Plus is not working! The only light showing on the Controller is the Power indicator light. I have unplugged the Vera Plus Controller for 5 minutes and plugged it back in... to no avail. I have sent an email to customer support and have also left a voicemail message by phone but have not yet received a response. Any helpful suggestions would be welcomed. I'm not as tech-savvy as some of the others in this forum so could use some good detailed explanations of what to do. Thanks in advance to anyone who can assist!
Surgery is the main remedy for melanoma. This effectively alerts your physiques pure healing response, triggering the coagulation and increased production of collagen and elastin
NB: EatingAcademy is undergoing a serious rebrand and redesign to carry you extra excessive-high quality longevity, self-optimization, and health-related content material than ever before. In case youre carrying many further kilos, for those who face the next than-common danger of a whopping 50 completely different well being issues These well being circumstances embrace the nations leading causes of loss of lifeheart disease, stroke, diabetes, and sure cancersin addition to less common ailments, equivalent to gout and gallstones.
Nearly 1 / 4 of the Individuals who resolve to alter one thing about their lives this New 12 monthss shall be hoping to shed some poundsand preying on these doe-eyed resolvers might be all manner of fast weight reduction options. They will guarantee instantaneous results or promise to make the pounds melt off with out you having to alter a thing.
Select complete grain and healthier types of these foods. No matter retains you active for 60 minutes, three-4 instances per week, will help you experience healthy weight loss. It might simply be changing your regular snack for a more healthy one, and fixing the one meal each day where youre most definitely to overeat.
You possibly can anticipate to lose 5-10 pounds of weight (generally extra) within the first week, then constant weight reduction after that. Our 5 printable worksheets make organizing and planning your way of life a breeze and assist you at sticking to these new wholesome habits.
Here are the foods that it is best to focus on eating in case you are planning on consuming clear. Well, if your purpose is to reduce weight I suggest following all the tips above, together with consuming an LCHF weight-reduction plan. Individuals eat less when food is served on a 7-inch salad plate than a ten-inch dinner plate, analysis reveals.
Since we dont know you in addition to you do, make affordable modifications to your present eating regimen and take small steps towards an optimum approach of consuming for greatest and lasting results. At the finish of the three-month research, each groups lost weight and improved their coronary heart well being, displaying that shedding pounds may be as straightforward as filling up on extra fiber.
We are going to start with breakfast, as most individuals find it best to begin this new consuming habit with. Whats more, the same amount of train for an chubby affected person is much harder than for those who do not need excess physique weight. With a customized action plan based mostly on your behavior and way of life, youll get the support it is advisable to construct new, healthy habits.
After studying all that, you may still suppose you could have some major dietary changes to make Before you freak out, begin by taking stock of exactly what you are eating, including portion size. Now a year and a half into her weight loss journey, Borojevic is down to a hundred sixty five lbs., with a purpose weight of about a hundred and fifty lbs.
Finally, such a restrictive weight-reduction plan takes the enjoyment out of consuming. The results confirmed that much less physical exercise just isnt the principle issue driving unhealthy weight among children. Train at the very least 60 minutes, 3-4 days per week, with some power coaching in the combine.
Cancers to suspect in patients with unexplained weight reduction include gastrointestinal, prostate, hepatobilary ( hepatocellular carcinoma , pancreatic most cancers ), ovarian, hematologic or lung malignancies. You may take one day off per week where you eat more carbs.
Often, very low calorie diets make you lose muscle as an alternative of fats. Particularly designed that will help you maintain a healthy metabolism and burn more calories all through the day. Importantly, the lean inhabitants does not really feel the same overwhelming urge to eat and stop exercising as overweight sufferers do when uncovered to the same weight-loss packages, as a result of they begin at a distinct level.
Though you are consuming properly and exercising, you could reach a plateau where your weight stays the same. Lose Weight and Hold it Off reveals the 2 keys to profitable weight reduction. After the Christmas self-indulgence comes the inevitable New 12 monthss resolution to get match, lose weight, and eat extra healthily.
Enjoy a wide range of foods and fun activities as your purpose for a wholesome weight. However dont forget the bottom line: The key to successful weight loss is a commitment to creating adjustments in your weight loss program and exercise habits. You will not solely feel satisfied  you will also really feel extra invigorated as the burden drops off, your overall well being improves and your power ranges enhance.
Most low-carb diets advocate changing carbs with protein and fats, which might have some negative long-time period results on your well being. Our enzyme secretion  breaking down meals  is hindered after were eating too rapidly and not taking note of our food, provides Fennel.
To be successful, you will want to replace poor eating habits with healthy ones which can be life like and flexible sufficient to be followed for life. These ought to be instead of foods increased in fats and calories. It is pure that youll be tempted by completely different situations to place you off observe along with your eating and weight loss.
It is almost all the time excessive in protein, to help you feel fuller for longer to attenuate binge eating. Sodas, alcoholic beverages, juices, and energy drinks are all loaded with calories, sugars, carbohydrates, and components that trigger serious weight gain.
This is a placeholder page for Sterling Chambers, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Sterling Chambers.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Sterling Chambers. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Sterling Chambers. We created this page automatically in hopes Sterling Chambers would find it. If you are not Sterling Chambers, but are an alumni of Florala High School, register on this site for free now.
When is a snack more than a snack? When its a life-saver. Its that rope thrown at you when youre hungry, but the next big meal is not due for two hours. Its your salvation when youre stuck somewhere and cant get to a place that offers decent food.
Now, imagine being the one that offers such a life-saver to your customers. Heres why snacks are a good business opportunity:
Who doesnt crave for fries from time to time? Cupcakes? Chicken nuggets? Pretzels? Thanks to their marketability, and the proven recipe that comes with pretzel franchise opportunities, you will not run out of eager customers. Its up to you to use the initial foot traffic to turn your budding business into a part of the community. After all, there are plenty of snack opportunities in a day.
Big companies do it; small companies are not far behind. Limited-edition flavors crop up from time to time to reignite the interest in a shops products. During the height of the questionable popularity of tide pods, businesses wasted no time to offer completely edible imitations. Donald Trump and Kim Jong-uns meeting was marked by timely menu additions paying homage to both American and Korean cuisine. For any new occasion that comes up, your snack can get a boost in sales by offering a clever take on the celebration.
Snacks are perfect for those who are looking for a quick and inexpensive way to quench their hunger. Whats a slice of pizza before you grab lunch with friends? Whats an afternoon pretzel after work when you know youll be stuck in traffic for hours? These easily become a part of the persons routine because they dont have to spend hundreds of dollars just to get their favorite snack.
You may think your snacks are not important to customers, but it becomes a big part of their day. And with their patronage, youll have a successful business on your hands.
It doesnt matter what your chosen marketing channels are  you have to have some kind of promotion going on when the holidays roll around to entice new customers and[Read More]
Theres always one; every year. Sometimes down the chimney, sitting in the stove wondering where the world went. Sometimes bashing themselves silly against the windows. (Found a dead one outside a window just last week.) This one found the one remnant bit of netting from an old chicken run someone hadnt cleared up, wrapped round a fencepost, and wondered what the world would look like if it put its head through. How long it was hanging there I dont know, but I happened along. It seemed to have lost its voice, but that might have been exhaustion rather than near-strangulation.
Id like to think it learned a lesson, but Im not convinced. Theyre supposed to be intelligent birds, but what lesson?
If these big clumsy ground things grab you and scare you near to death, they might not eat you? Even if they start chewing the thing you cant get away from, right beside you. (One hand holding bird, one holding net. No scissors to hand, only teeth ... to, er, mouth.)
I doubt it. You have to be able to understand the lesson to learn it, and I think all it understood was eeeeeeee...(etc.)...eeeeeeeee, repeated every time it caught a mental breath. If. Then shutdown. Until Id got it back to the house, got someone with scissors, juggled bird and camera for a bit and thrown it skyward, since when it might have some opportunity for reflection. Until a cat or a hawk gets it. I dont hold out any more hope for its good sense in future than I do for comprehending gratitude. Still, photo. Thatll do.
I cant help but think theres probably something in existence that could put me in such a situation, only it might not involve something big wandering past that doesnt eat humans, and I might not feel quite so able to fly nimbly away on restart, if let go. Or it might be something that traps us collectively, and there might be no-one who can make sense of it whos in a position to help, or willing.
IMPORTANT: If you are the store owner, please login to your dashboard for instructions on how to put your store live.
Wembley Downs extended their outstanding home record as they collected a fourth victory of the season on Sunday with a 2-0 defeat of Belmont Villa.
Jason Trepevski opened the scoring in the 41st minute before Ryan Fish sealed the Belt up. Amateur Premier Division victory at the death.
Wembley coach Martin Sullivan said: Im delighted with (the performance). After last week, we dominated at the back today.
Belmont, all credit to them, they came at us in the second half. We finally got that second goal  an excellent performance by us. I think thats 20 months unbeaten here at Butlers Reserve.
Were still in the hunt, were looking to hopefully push forward the next two, three games before the turn of the season. Were looking to get maximum points before the turn.
Dean Wall had an opportunity to give Wembley the lead in the 28th minute when he was left unmarked inside the box but he couldnt direct his header on target, then only minutes later Fish saw his tame effort saved by S. Szklaniza.
As half-time approached Wembley won a free-kick which was put into the box by Fish. Jay McDonald got his head to it but Szklaniza tipped the ball over the crossbar. However, from the coner Belmonts luck ran out as Trepevski found the decisive touch following a goalmouth scramble.
A defensive lapse just after the break saw Wembley put the ball in the back of the net again but the assistant referee raised his flag to save the visitors blushes.
Belmont were always a threat but couldnt find the back of net and they were made to pay in the 93rd minute when another Fish free-kick somehow made its way through everyone and sailed into the bottom corner.
Belmont coach Kevin Mulgrew said: It was a hard-fought battle, very scrappy, probably two teams didnt play great football to be honest but a disappointing loss.
Whenever we play teams who like to play the long ball we seem to copy them and thats not our game; its not how we train, its not how we set ourselves up, so I dont know why we revert to it.
We lost our temper a bit with the boys at half-time and I think you could see in the second half we tried to get the ball down and move it a bit better, which we did just not well enough.
Last week was three points thrown away and I think today was probably three points thrown away as well.
We came here today really thinking we could get the win and I dont think there was anything in the game. I dont think they were the better team, it was just a hard game that couldve gone either way I think.
Wembley will now look towards Ellenbrook United on Friday night while Belmont will take on Kingsley at home.
Overlapping toes are characterized by one toe lying on top of an adjacent toe. The fifth toe is the most commonly affected. Overlapping toes may develop in the unborn fetus. Passive stretching and adhesive taping is most commonly used to correct overlapping toes in infants, but the deformity usually recurs. Sometimes they can be surgically corrected by releasing the tendon and soft tissues about the joint at the base of the fifth toe. In some extreme cases, a pin may be surgically inserted to hold the toe in a straightened position. The pin, which exits the tip of the toe, may be left in place for up to three weeks.
Underlapping toes usually involve the fourth and fifth toes. (A special form of underlapping toes is called congenital curly toes). The cause of underlapping toes is unknown. It is speculated that they may be caused by an imbalance in muscle strength of the small muscles of the foot. If deformed toes are flexible, a simple release of the tendon in the bottom of the toe will allow for them to straighten. If the deformity is rigid, surgery may be needed to remove a small portion of the bone in the toe.
resume with no work experience college student janitor maintenance resume entry level resume for college student with limited work experience.
Recently, Atlus has recently revealed more details about the western release of Persona 5 via their livestream. The game will feature dual audio, however the game is getting delayed in the process. Originally the game was to launch during Valentines Day next year, however the game has been pushed to April 4. The demo for the game will be available this December during PlayStation Experience 2016. Atlus also posted some character videos and an interview video with Cherami Leigh who voices Makoto. Yusuke Kitagawa Makoto Niijima
The official Altus USA Youtube channel has recently updated with a new Dub trailer for Persona 5. The latest trailer features the character Morgana. Persona 5 will launch on the Playstation 3 / Playstation 4 on February 17, 2017 in North America and Europe. The international release of the game will only include a dub track. Persona 5 is a game about the internal and external conflicts of a group of troubled youth who live dual lives. They have the typically ordinary day-to-day of a Tokyo high-schooler  attending class, after school activities and part-time jobs. But they also undertakeRead More
Each of us at least once faced with a situation when unexpected expenses arise sharply, but there is not enough money. What to do? Borrow from friends and constantly think, when can you return? In this situation, the best way is to use a pay old navy credit card. She will call you not to worry that the money will need to be returned from day to day. You can pay for any purchases with a pay old navy credit card, as all modern supermarkets, online stores, etc. have long been equipped with special terminals for cards.
A pay old navy credit card is issued by the bank for a certain amount. The bank sets the card limit based on the clients solvency. The card is issued on passport data. When you come to the bank, contact a specialist for detailed information on obtaining a pay old navy credit card. Provide all necessary documents. An employee of the bank will issue you a contract in which the loan amount, the time after which you must repay the loan, the validity period of the pay old navy credit card and other information will be indicated. Carefully read the details of the contract and sign it. Then you will get a card with a personal PIN code.
If you have forgotten the PIN code from your pay old navy credit card or by entering a wrong code, you have accidentally blocked it, then contact the bank. Provide the employee with all the documents confirming that this is really your card and the specialist will help you to make a new PIN code. If you have lost your card, then immediately contact the bank to block the card, otherwise fraudsters will be able to use it.
When you receive a pay old navy credit card with a certain amount, you can withdraw the entire amount immediately, or you can do it gradually. You can withdraw money directly at the banks box office or at a special terminal. You can also pay with a card without withdrawing money from it. A pay old navy credit card involves paying for goods in online stores, paying for tickets and much more. To do this, you must enter your card number, then confirm the payment using SMS with a special code. Using a pay old navy credit card is quite simple. The main thing, do not forget to replenish the card at the right time.
Credit card debt consolidation Raymour and flanigan credit card Gap credit card payment Sams credit card payment Burkes credit card Ford credit card Credit card cash back Petland credit card Best miles credit card Maurices credit card payment Samsclub credit card login Kohl credit card Ashley stewart credit card Amazon chase credit card login Value city credit card
Posted on March 3, 2013 by admin. This entry was posted in Gay Men Kissing, Gay Tattoos, Hardcore Gay Porn and tagged Dan Broughton, Jacob Leahy. Bookmark the permalink.
When these nasty boys meet each other in one bed then the fucking session is going to be hot and wild! Dan Broughton and Jacob Leahy are to young daring British lads shooting for English lads porno. However these are different from all others you can see on the porn web! When these guys fucking hard they do it for their own pleasure forgetting hell everything on earth and enjoying their damn hot orgasms! Dan has a huge hard cock that extremely fits the tight anal hole of his teen fucking mate Jacob! Their fucking fight turns extremely hot and Jacob is finally defeated and put on his knees! Doggy style lets the cock at its maximum in the ass hole! The first push makes both bastards moan of delight. The ass hole relaxes and the cock slides smoother and easier giving both fuckers immense pleasure! Their fuck is so true and real that you will feel as if taking part in the action!
MOOTIB GLOBAL SERVICES NIGERIA LIMITED,a multi-disciplinary engineering, leasing, procurement and logistics company established in the year 2007 as a Limited Liability Firm with the aim of delivering unmatched world-class services is in search of a quality assurance and control engineer with engineering degree.
Integrated Regeneration of Areas near Seoul Station and the Seoul Station Overpass Expected to Revive Local Economies
67.[NEWS] Seoul Metropolitan Government provides emergency support for businesses struggling due to MERS outbreak
71.WHO recommends continuation of strong disease control measures to bring MERS-CoV outbreak in Republic of Korea to an end
The Seoul Health Call Center (119) provides health consulting services, including consulting on routine health problems and health information, courtesy of specialist doctors, via phone and Internet 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. Medical interpretation services and hospital information are provided to expatriate workers and foreign tourists in English, Japanese, Chinese, Mongol, and Vietnamese. "Call 119 for your health problems.
Overall health problems including medical information, health promotion, and prevention of diseases with regard to inquiries on specific diseases and symptoms
The Seoul Health Call Center is located at the total situation room of the Seoul Total Disaster Prevention Center (119) (Toegyero 26-ga gil 6, Jung-gu, Seoul).
 The Seoul Health Call Center (119) makes emergency on-site appearance to respond to rescue, emergency, and fires.
Five thin, orphaned children from Bariga, a poor neighbourhood in theNigerian megacity Lagos, meet a fat white man on a white canvas. Childishinnocence meets the feared foreigner, complete with chocolate. African lack ofopportunity meets stereotypical European guilt, contemporary Nigerian dancemeets European conceptual theatre. This cannot go well, you suspect, and suddenlyyou find yourself in the middle of an absurdly comical horror film, complete withvampires. But whos sucking whose blood here? German performance group MonsterTruck, in collaboration with Nigerian company The Footprints of David, dontshy away from any clich and wade into the shallows of post-colonial artdiscourse. Referencing images w ere allfamiliar with, they implicate the audience in irresolvable conflicts, simply bybeing there. Can we escape the question of post-colonial guilt? Or is this ameeting eye-to-eye, in the shadow of asymmetrical power relations, doomed tofail from the start? An unfathomable predicament, where youre welcome to laugh and cough up some money.
Home > Birthday Wishes > Congratulation and celebration, wish you a very happy birthday. May God bless you.
We only accept the PDF format (the file size must not exceed 1MB, and all the fonts must be embedded)
Very interesting tale <a href=" http://www.vision-ar.com/mediablog/advance-faxless-payday/ ">hard money investor loans</a> The publishers said The Cuckoo&rsquo;s Calling had sold some 1,500 copies in hardback, but figures compiled by Neilsen Bookscan suggest that the number bought from British retailers was actually 449. <a href=" http://www.jacquelot.com/the-loans ">personal loans with fair credit</a> It is undeniable that you are one of the most talented artists on the planet, she told Whoopi Goldberg. [But] you are even more loving than you are talented. You are walking unconditional love  and I am blessed to call myself a friend of yours.
David Rawlings partnered with Apple Music to create a dreamy narrative video for the GRAMMY-nominated single Cumberland Gap. Shot on location in Tennessee with acclaimed director James Lees, you can watch it on Apple Music now!
In the days leading up to 26 September 1917 the men of the Fifth Australian Division prepared for their first major battle in Belgium. In the shattered countryside to the west beyond Polygon Wood engineers and pioneers struggled to extend the plank road and other tracks to the new front line won by the First and Second Australian Divisions at the Battle of Menin Road on 20 September. Medical details established regimental aid posts close to the line to which the badly wounded could be brought quickly from the battlefield for attention before being carried back by field ambulance stretcher bearers to horse-drawn and motor ambulance collecting points along the Menin Road. And up the Menin Road to various dumps came supplies of food, water, engineering stores, and ammunition.
In a foreign field he lay. Lonely soldier, unknown grave. On his dying words he prays. Tell the world of Paschendale.
To enable this solution, we are working with multiple VMware Cloud Provider Program partners and running on existing VMware-certified hardware. For example, our preview hardware will use a flexpod bare metal configuration with NetApp storage. This hosted solution is similar to Azure's bare metal SAP HANA Large Instances solution that we launched last year. With this approach, we will enable you to use the same industry-leading VMware software and services that you currently use in your on-premises datacenters, but running on Azure infrastructure, allowing L3 network connectivity for existing applications to Azure-native services like Azure Active Directory, Azure Cosmos DB, and Azure Functions.
We are facilitating discussions with VMware and the VCPP partners to ensure you have a great solution and a great support experience when we make this offering generally available next year. More details from VMware on this can be found here. We will share more information on GA plans and partners in the coming months. If youd like to participate in this preview, please contact your Microsoft sales representative.
English (US) etina Dansk Deutsch English (Australia) English (Canada) English (India) English (UK) Espaol Espaol (MX) Franais Franais (Canada) slensku  Bahasa Indonesia Italiano Magyar Norsk Nederlands Polski Portugus (Brasil) Portugus Svenska Trke P   () ()
EA Generator or EA Creator is unique software without analogues. The biggest advantage of this software is that it is based on a neural network that reveals the implicit connection to currency movements that cant be predicted by standard indicators. Another important advantage of this tool is that each created expert advisor is unique. EA Generator is a new revolutionary automated trading technology based on the latest developments in the field of artificial intelligence. It is a real breakthrough in automatic forex trading.
Technical indicators are derivatives of rates and their signals delay relative to price. That is why it is more effective to use candle price patterns for more productive trade; this method is widely known and used quite successfully. However, in order to use it, a trader should learn how to choose and interpret characteristic graphical figures, analyzing financial instruments rates history for long time intervals. Such learning requires good memory, talent for visual associative thinking and may last for years. Still, some traders achieve success in time and trade successfully and stably, but it is almost impossible to formalize their trading systems in the form of an algorithm.
It is intuition that matters at such kind of trading, i.e. hidden subconscious processing of trading information and delivery only of the final result, so it is very difficult for a trader to formulate the mental process that leads to this final result. In order to solve problems of automation of such trading systems, we offer to use the software package HLAIMAN - MakeEA MT4, which is based on use of modern methods of machine recognition of graphical images in combination with neural network trainable algorithms. The process of generation of strategies (trading robots) using the given software is carried out in the terminal MetaTrader 4. A set of trading signals in the form of graphical objects, placed on a price chart in a window of the specific trading instrument, is the initial data for generation.
The generation program automatically reads data, processes them and forms a corresponding neural network algorithm of a trading strategy, which implements the given trading logic, coordinating it with patterns of the current price chart. A trading robot module, saved as an expert advisor file, is a self-contained software program, which is ready for use at the platform MT4. You can test, optimize and additionally train your expert advisor, using not only the initially chosen trading instrument, but also any other additional instruments and periods.
EA Generator is a useful and handy tool for independently developing automated Forex expert advisors allowing you to trade using your own strategy. You dont have to write a single coding line to create an expert advisor. All you need is to place sell and/or buy trades on a chart of a chosen instrument and timeframe in the form of standard graphics objects  arrows. Arrow up is buying, arrow down is selling.
EA Generator software creates complex algorithms which help bring your strategy to life within an automated expert advisor! Thanks to this software, you dont need any programming or math skills or have to pay a programmer to develop an automated expert advisor. You only need to place trades on a chart, get expert advisor and with just a few clicks, this expert advisor will start using the trading principles that were developed exclusively by you.
EA Generator software uses the graphic interface of the MT4 terminal. It means that you can use the full range of the terminals standard graphic interface to place your trades. You can add additional signs and graphics objects to a chart, use both standard and third-party indicators and so on.
Whats more, you can use EA Generator software to search for new, profitable strategies and use them to create automated expert advisors. The EA Generator software delivery set includes an expert advisor, which will help to automatically place signals about the most profitable trades on any chart. Using this data to create an automated expert advisor can bring profit!
MakeAlgorithm script. This is also situated in the terminal folder when the EA Generator software is installed. It is used to create automated Forex expert advisors when inputting trade signals on an instrument or timeframe chart.
Since most Forex trading strategies contain common elements: opening positions, closing positions, trailing stops, signals, etc. generator creates Expert Advisor, Script or Custom Indicator with those common components for trading Forex markets. Press Generate menu and your EA, Script or Custom Indicator is ready.
Test your ideas before you hire someone to program Expert Advisor, Script or Custom Indicator for you.
Setup second order with different take profit, stop loss, etc. Mainly used for break-even trading scenarios.
Forex Robot Academy is an online video training program with 30+ video lessons about how to create fully automated trading strategies (Forex EA) for MT4 & MT5 that actually work.
Enter trading strategy and generate Expert Advisor for Forex MetaTrader platform. Since most Forex trading strategies contain common elements: opening positions, closing positions, trailing stops, signals, etc. our generator creates Expert Advisor with those common components for trading Forex markets. Just compile exported MQ4 source code and your Expert Advisor is ready.
Forex EA generator can create amazing money-making robots for you without requiring any programming skills or other technical skills. We call it Forex Robot Factory which is a very easy to use Expert Advisor generator. You can easily develop an application that automatically makes trades on your behalf. In this article, well talk about how to create trading robots with the forex EA generator from Forex Robot Academy.
A forex expert advisor generator is an online-based application that can help you in creating profitable automated trading strategies without a single line of code.
Instead of using an EA builder or hiring a programmer to develop a robot, the expert advisor generator eliminates the time consuming and often difficult process of creating an EA and automates the entire process for you.
With this online-based tool, you can develop reliable robots and deploy them both to the MetaTrader 4 and MetaTrader 5 trading platforms.
You only need to choose what indicators you want to use, input few simple trading criteria into the robot generator, and the rest of the magic will be automatically completed for you.
The tool will automatically create an EA and backtest its profitability using its in-built platform features.
Since the backtesting results are provided real-time, you can modify your trade entry and exit rules until you come up with a strategy that best fulfills your needs.
Collection: This component stores the generated strategies, allowing you to sort them according to their profitability as well as other parameters.
Editor: This component enables you to create and edit strategies before exporting them as MQL files. You can backtest your trading rules against historical data in seconds and sufficiently refine them before using them for live trading.
Optimization tools: The EA generator has various tools for optimization of trading rules against a wide range of trading conditions.
Exporter: This feature allows you to conveniently export the created EA to your MetaTrader platform.
Reactor: This is one of the best components of the Forex Robot Factory . The Reactor is a new and easy way to automate the workflow of trading strategy programming, backtesting, optimizing and stress testing to find your best Forex Robots today.
A Forex Robot also referred to as an Expert Advisor, refers to a software with inbuilt trading rules that automatically determine when to enter or exit the market.
Automated trading systems are ideal for overcoming the disadvantages of manual trading and providing you with a profitable method of earning massive profits from the forex market.
With expert advisors, you can trade non-stop, eliminate emotion-based trading decisions, and greatly reduce trading errors.
If you still rely on the traditional manual trading methods, you are prone to making greed-driven trading decisions, making silly trading mistakes due to fatigue, and increasing your losses due to ill-timed decisions.
Manual trading typically glues you to the computer screen; otherwise, youll miss those ripe trading opportunities.
On the other hand, robot trading eliminates that need and provides you with the freedom you need to effortlessly earn massive profits from forex trading.
After youve put your strategies into a robot, your trades will be automatically executed without your direct intervention.
Furthermore, you can program multiple strategies into expert advisors and greatly increase your profits, something difficult to achieve with manual trading.
For a long time, creating an expert advisor for MetaTrader 4 required that you have advanced programming skills and other technical skills.
However, presently, its possible to create expert advisor without programming skills or hiring the services of a programmer.
By using the forex robot generator, you can create profitable expert advisors without ever worrying about any line of code.
With the EA generator such as Forex Robot Factory, you can transform any manual trading system into an expert advisor without writing complicated codes.
You may need to spend lots of money and invest a lot of your time learning how to create forex robots that work.
However, the expert advisor builder and generator saves you the money and the hard work and provides you with an intuitive platform to create an expert advisor without programming.
Youll just need to select which currency and time frame you want to trade and hit the START button. The rest will be automatically completed for you.
The expert advisor generator for MT4 and MT5 is what you need to enjoy the benefits of robot trading.
After creating your expert advisor for MetaTrader 4 or 5, youll also get backtested results, which allow you to gauge the profitability of your automated trading systems.
This way, you can conveniently fine tune it until you generate an EA that can deliver maximum profits from your efforts.
First, you need to define parameters of a trading strategy to entrench into the robot. You can try your strategy under simulated forex trading conditions to ensure it works according to your preferences.
In addition, the Generator will backtest the created strategies by utilizing advanced criteria and displaying the tested results.
When editing your strategies, the tool will perform a backtest against historical data, allowing you to determine if you are on the right track.
The MT4 EA generator has various tools to optimize your trading strategy and also validate it on a wide range of trading conditions.
For example, you can use the stress tester and the multi-market tester to gauge the robustness of your trading strategies against different market conditions.
When optimizing your strategy, remember to check the backtest results to ensure they are satisfying.
Check the Report page for comprehensive information about the performance of your strategy against historical data. The page also has statistics information, an indicator chart, and other useful information.
If the backtest results are not satisfying, it could mean that you need to refine your strategy further or just generate a new collection of robots to find better ones. It takes several minutes anyway.
After creating the robot, you can export it to your MT4 or MT5 trading platform. Since the created EA is based on standard MetaTrader indicators, using it on the platform is easy and convenient.
Its important to test the performance of the exported expert advisor in simulated forex trading conditions before launching it for live trading.
Presently, the Internet is clouded with several types of robots falsely promising quick and huge gains.
In most cases, these robots are only meant to swindle money from unsuspecting users. Before purchasing any robot, its critical that you perform a background check to ascertain its profitability. Also, its important to know what trading strategy trading robot is using, otherwise you are buying a pig in a poke.
If a flashily advertised robot cannot authenticate its profitability, then do not waste your money in using it for live trading.
The forex advisor generator from the Forex Robot Academy is reliable and will assist you to create real profitable EAs within seconds.
Furthermore, the generated robots are already tested against historical data and comes with settings that can be optimized for any trading condition.
The forex EA generator online has an inbuilt strategy tester that can assist you to create the best robot for your needs.
Although the expert advisor tester is the same with the MetaTrader Strategy Tester, its much faster and more efficient.
This powerful tool is capable of backtesting trading robots against the provided historical data so that you know its strategy has been working in the past. This is something difficult to achieve with any other EA builder.
While using the MT4 code generator, the tester will be automatically running in the background and evaluating your strategies according to its algorithm.
As such, you can provide different input parameters and run them against the tester to check their viability. This way, you can always create forex robots that work.
More so, its advisable that you should try your generated strategies under simulated forex trading conditions before launching them to a real account.
With the huge list of robots that you can produce using the tool, you cannot miss something that meets your tastes and preferences.
For example, if you prefer long-term trading, you can create a robot that is capable of long-term trading.
In expert advisor programming, most developers make the mistake of not properly defining their trading rules.
The EA generator tool tries to overcome this problem by providing a reliable forex strategy builder to assist you in clearly defining trading rules and other parameters.
With the inbuilt strategy builder, you can manually create EAs, which allows you to define their own profitable automated trading rules. How do you know that? Well, Forex Robot Factory will test your trading rules on historical data in a few seconds and show whether the strategy was or was not profitable in the past.
Therefore, the forex advisor generator is the best option for building reliable EAs with well-defined trading rules.
Whats more, as mentioned before, the EA generator provides backtest results, which allows you to optimize your trading rules for maximized profitability in the forex market.
Instead of manual trading, expert advisor programming allows you to create robots that can automatically enter and exit the market on your behalf.
Although you can develop an EA using MT4 programming, its much more expensive and tedious than using the forex EA generator online.
The web-based MQL4 code generator assists you to conveniently create profitable robots within seconds and without any technical skills.
Furthermore, the created robot can be exported either in MQL4 format or in MQL5 format, enabling you to seamlessly integrate it into your preferred trading platform.
If you have some programming experience, you can incorporate additional rules into the robot to ensure its optimized to your needs.
The forex EA generator is the tool you need to create real money-making robots without ever worrying about any complicated lines of code.
Its the worlds first forex advisor generator that has been developed with the needs of traders in mind.
The online-based application allows you to generate profitable robots without any technical skills and within your budget.
If you want to develop winning forex robots within seconds and take your trading career a notch higher, then use the Forex Robot Factory.
Shechen Charity Orphan School is privately run charity home and primary school for orphans of Karze prefecture in east Tibet. The purpose of the school is to provide traditional family living environment for orphans and to give them basic education alongside training in practical vocational skills. The school is based on ethical values and promotes Tibetan culture and tradition hand in hand with understanding and appreciation of the modern world. The founder and president of the school is Gangshar Rinpoche, a young Buddhist master from Shechen Monastery in Derge County. The school has been operating since 2006.
 Education is of crucial importance to the development of human society. The most important is the practice of ethical way of thinking  how to be truly kind, how to benevolently help oneself and others. This must start with children. They will not only be able to benefit themselves and society, but they will also become the teachers in the future. When it comes to education, the orphans are particularly helpless. They don't have parents, no one they could depend rely on.
Some fresh information and photos from Shechen school! The School improved so much in the last years. Thank you sponsors!
We are happy to see that students are studying very hard. We are especially proud on 2 girls who will be admitted to Kanding Medical School next month! 4 girls will be admitted to Kanding Tibetan College in Sichuan Province! Bravo!!!
Tsolha sent us old and new pictures of Shechen school, from which is obvious how much the school progressed and improved.
Tthe old iron gates are replaced, because it was difficult to open and close them and because of the hard wind they were dangerous. The old dining hall was too dark and too small for all the children and cooks to fit in, so when it was not raining and snowing, children ate outside. In the new dining hall they have a lot of space where they can cook and eat healthy and delicious food.
In the old and simple bedroom two children slept in one bed. They also didn't have a place to put their stuff. New bedroom is clean and comfortable and children finally have enough space. The school area never had plants and trees, so they planted trees bythemselves, which represent their dream about nicer and greener future.
Children are so happy because of better living conditions in the school and have even more energy and will for studying.
Tsolha (Rinpoche's sister) sent us photos and school report in which both of them are thanking the sponsors for their help.
" I am very gratefull to all the sponsors who are helping the school from the very beginning. The only way that I can repay your kindness is to continue with hard work and do my best to improve living conditions of children and that one day, when you'll come here, you can see changed and brilliant lives of many young Tibetans." Gangshar Rinpoche
" Thank you from the bottom of our hearts. We wish all caring and kind people who helped us and are still helping us in hard times, all the best. Because od you we firmly believe in bright feature. We pray for everybody who's helping and take care of us. Let your future be bright and happy. Every day and our growth is mixed with your care and your love." Tsolha
Despite of very cold winter, children are less sick than the year before. Children moved into newly built bedrooms. New dining room was also built.
Teachers taught really well for the last 2 years, so the majority of kids achieved good grades. They released a book of essays from all children in Shechen school for which they received high praise. Children's book of essays was published in 2000 copies and sold out within a few days at a Buddhist university Sirdha. Readers and khenpos from Sirdha praised essays and they said that children writing skills go beyond all expectations.
Children help with cleaning the snow in the yard, they carry out firewood and clothes from the sponsors from the truck, the older children help younger children with washing their hair. When they have a break, the kids play in the yard, lots of them are studying in front of the class.
Older children are learning the art of calligraphy. As the level of children's knowledge is higher, they added the sixth grade. Due to lack of space, they have classes in a tent, even in the winter.
Lot of schools where Tibetan students can study Tibetan and other objects in their own language are closed or they significantly reduced the volume of objects. Nomadic students in remote places face the most difficult situation . In Shechen school they are trying very hard to keep the school and to provide quality education.
Bedrooms and dinner hall are under construction. If things go well, children will be moved to new rooms at the end of November.
Due to the very cold and long winter, two children got tuberculosis and are being treated at a hospital in Chengdu.
Yeshi is staying in Chengdu for his treatment after having second head operation in Bejing. He is still not well and it seems that he will never fully recover.
Shelbyville KY fast cash loans are one of the quickest and simplest methods to borrow money in Shelbyville when you need cash now to pay Shelbyville bills or acquire Kentucky items that you desire. Through our simple online personal loans form, Shelbyville consumers can borrow money online, we are your one stop money shop! Get speedy cash loan and quick cash loans through BudgetPlanners.
Shelbyville Kentucky quick cash loans are a relatively new idea. You find yourself strapped for money and need cash now in Shelbyville to get you through to payday. In the past the only viable option in Kentucky was credit cards or a cash advance loan. Both these bad credit loan options have a great track record but they also have their problems. Shelbyville credit cards are very easy to run up a high credit card amount because of the way they are designed, they let you pay a minimum payment in the hope that you stretch out the credit repayment as long as possible. This creates more money for the Kentucky credit card companies as they pile on credit card charges and interest. Shelbyville cash advances can be good products but they are sometimes a difficult way to borrow money in Shelbyville when you need cash now and require great credit. So now a new product has emerged to fill the space where Shelbyville Kentucky consumers either can not get credit cards or do not want the hassle. Enter the online cash advance loans. They are a great alternative to traditional Kentucky speedy cash loan options but have a bad reputation. Are they as bad as you think? They are extremely popular way to borrow money in Shelbyville , surely so many Shelbyville KY rapid cash loan consumers can not be wrong. Get started to see how easy Shelbyville KY fast cash loans can be.
Being short of money in Kentucky is extremely stressful, and for many people, it can be a distressing situation. Finding unsecure cash loans is an option that many people turn to when they need to access a small amount of money until their next payday. It is not an option suitable for everyone in Shelbyville but for a large majority of employed people, unsecure cash loans can be a helpful and fast answer to a stressful problem. For many people in Kentucky, a shortage of money is made even harder if they do not have many options for accessing the money they need. If you are employed in Shelbyville and know you will be receiving your money soon, unsecure cash loans could be the help you need. This is especially true for people in Kentucky who are unable to get an overdraft at their Shelbyville bank, or do not have family members who can help them at short notice. Making speedy cash loan work for you is easy. All that is required is to be careful about the Shelbyville cash lender you choose, consider the terms and conditions of the bad credit loans you agree to, and accurately calculate the amount you can afford to borrow. Get your Shelbyville Cash advance Today.
The Shelbyville personal loans service is fast and the Kentucky bad credit loans professionals were invaluable. Rating: 4.6
You don't need to leave your Shelbyville home to get cash now. Skip the long drive to a Shelbyville unsecure cash loans store just to be rejected.
Instead of you dealing with multiple Kentucky unsecure cash loans lenders by filling out several online forms, we help you borrow money with one simple Shelbyville KY form.
When looking for cash advances in Shelbyville you want the quickest loan possible, and that is where BudgetPlanners.net can help.
We partner with a network that has 100+ lenders and BudgetPlanners.net can help to connect with a cash advance loan lender that services Shelbyville Kentucky.
This means you may get the quick Shelbyville KY short term cash you need from one of several lenders in the network.
She'll Be Free is my outlet for all things wonderful, healthy, loving,and strong. I am passionate about helping others find confidence and self-love through knowing their worth and finding their strength.
I read Barbara Kingsolver, a book she has written with her family about living off the land, moving to a farm where she and her family plan to eat only what they can carry away from the field for a year. I am shocked by her beautiful language. I hold my breath, reading about drought starved saguaro cactuses, prickly and thin as runway models, amazed at how adroitly she turns her phrases, how easily she sweeps the page with poetry, as if it were nothing, like watching a portrait artist sketch her model, making, with two quick indifferent strokes, a whole person, and then getting on to her real work, her hard work, which is finding the persons soul. Meanwhile, I am agape. Did you just do that? Did you just flick your wrist and a whole person was suddenly there on the canvas?
For Barbara Kingsolver, the poetry is not the point, the point is the point, and poetry is something she uses to get there. Kingsolver must enjoy the poetry, but shes busy trying to get her message across, trying to find her meaning, trying to wrestle with her big question: what does it mean to live close to the land, how do we change when we dont do it?
I read A Room of Ones Own, and it was incredibly comforting. Woolf talked about how the psychology of women and the history of women and the social and political place of women in our culture works against becoming a writer. Even though she wrote it 85 years ago and the circumstances of women have improved, I was comforted. Because I saw, in her descriptions, my own vacillations, and hesitations, and built-in sense of failure. Who am I to write something? What in the world do I have to say? Why should anybody listen to me?
Her friendly, brilliant, funny mind, cutting to the quick of the horror without becoming dramatic, or lugubrious, or enraged, just deftly laying it out, reminding us of Shakespeares sister, and the Beadle who keeps you off the grass and locks the library doors, with an anthropologists detached fascination, a humorists eye for irony, so you can bear to read it, you feel almost uplifted by it: of course men can write, because they are in a warm study, eating pudding and drinking port, while we chew tough prunes and drink cheap wine.
Woolf said no wonder women havent written. Maybe in a hundred years we will have women writers, because women will have gotten permission to do lots of things vote, have money, run their own business, get divorced. As she predicted, the subjugation of women has been coming to an end, and more women are writing. But still. There are no men in mothers groups. Men dont volunteer at school. And the women who work successfully sometimes seem like mutations, unexpectedly full of themselves, unexpectedly driven, or self-absorbed, or focused. They are different from most women, who still, in spite of everything, do the shopping and make dinner and keep track of doctors appointments and socks, choose no work at all but instead volunteer, or wait to work, half-time, when the kids are in school.
Success breeds enthusiasm, and practice breeds success. That is the feedback loop, the mysterious spinning top that, once you hop on, just keeps turning: you work, you have success, success makes you feel energetic and enthusiastic, so you work, which brings success, which makes you feel energetic and enthusiastic. The secret question: how do you get that top spinning? When you are a boy, men run along beside you, helping you build momentum, giving you a push, encouragement. Institutions do it if your father or your uncle wont, schools and banks and professional sports teams; history will inspire you, or the newspaper, filled with men building things, making and changing rules. For a girl, even today, after so much time, those influences are not robust. Maybe your mother stayed home, and her life was spent organizing the kitchen cabinets. She can say, you are such a hard worker, I saw your movie, Im so impressed, but she cant tell you how to do it, and shes a little baffled, even bored, by your struggle. She has other engagements. She has dinner to cook, laundry, she wants to play bridge. And the institutions well, so much history still belongs to men and so many books, so when you write what that you think about they say, thats a kitchen play, or a kitchen poem, which is to say, not serious. Muddled. Parochial. Private. You can fuck the professor, and grade his papers, but you dont get invited to his poker parties, and nobody sits you down and says look, if you want to be a writer, heres how to do it. You yourself are paralyzed by politeness, wanting to be nice. You linger at the door, waiting for an opportunity to sit down and talk, waiting for somebody to invite you in. All that time they spent playing the piano, or playing soccer, you spent getting tan, painting yourself with baby oil and lying on the hot grass out back, buying the dress (blue with rhinestone straps, and silver shoes to match) that you would write the poem about, the poem about the boy who broke up with you, the poem that won a prize, one year before the Harvard professor told you that you wrote kitchen poems and kept you out of his class.
Woolf says the whole world of women is different, the things we value, the way we talk to each other, the way we think and what we think about. So its not as simple as having the Beadle unlock the library and stepping inside, sitting down at the table and joining the conversation. What we find there will seem alien, both because we have been raised in the kitchen, and because our thinking about the world is different. Either because of our genes, or because of the things we learned in the kitchen, taking care of children and men.
GRAPE VINES GAIN and pests suffer when TOBACCO and SAGEBRUSH grow in the same neighborhood. For example, Chinese experiments show that when tobacco roots intermingle with grape roots, vineyards soils are progressively cleansed of the dreaded soil-dwelling phylloxera aphid; the same phylloxera aphid that almost completely destroyed French grape growing in the 1800s, before resistant rootstocks were discovered. In recent decades, the phylloxera aphid has evolved new forms that destroy formerly-resistant rootstocks. But on the positive side, the phylloxera plague in nineteenth century French vineyards was a major catalyst for innovations such as the development of modern scientific agriculture and modern methods for fumigating or disinfesting sick soils.
Tobacco plants get a bad rap today, as the source of abused and addictive products with adverse health effects. But it was not always so, and need not be so today, write David A. Danehower and colleagues in the book, Biologically Active Natural Products: Agrochemicals: When Columbus first arrived on the shores of North America, he found Native Americans growing and using a plant unknown to Europeans. This plant held great spiritual significance to Native Americans. Scientists who followed in the footsteps of the early North American explorers would later name this plant tobacco. Tobacco (Nicotiana tabacum) farming began in the early 1600s near the Jamestown colony in Virginia. As the use of tobacco products for smoking, chewing, and snuff was promoted in Europe, tobacco became a leading item of commerce between the colonies and England. Notably, George Washington and Thomas Jefferson both farmed tobacco. Thus, the history of America is inextricably linked with the history of tobacco production.
The specific idea of interplanting tobacco with grapevines to control soil pests like phylloxera aphids is apparently a recent Chinese agricultural innovation. Why no one thought of it before is a mystery, as nicotine from tobacco plants has a long history as a fumigant and sprayed insecticide; and more recently sweet sugar esters (fructose, glucose, fatty acids) have been singled out from among the several thousand chemical compounds in tobacco as new natural insecticides (some fungi and other microbes are also killed). Perhaps agricultural tradition plays a role, as the Chinese have an ancient agricultural heritage that includes pioneering biological pest control (e.g. predatory ants to control citrus orchard pests) and routinely interplanting compatible plants for their pest-fighting and mutually beneficial effects. Of course, growing cover crops and beneficial insect plants like sweet alyssum in grape rows is becoming more common. And since ancient times, the Mediterranean areas of Europe and the Middle East have had grape vineyards interspersed with oaks (corks, barrels for wine grapes), olive trees and crops such as wheat. But never before has tobacco been grown among grape vines to control soil pests. Indeed, modern farmers seem to favor pumping liquid chemicals and volatile gases into the soil to combat soil pests.
Perhaps as close as a nineteenth century French grape grower came was Bernardin Casanova of Corsica, France, who in 1881 patented a liquid mixture of grape distillates, Corsican tobacco, spurge, laurel, grain straw, burnt cork and soap that was rubbed and poured on the base of grapevines to kill phylloxera. In California, which has native plants that are every bit as insecticidal as nicotine from tobacco, the only anti-phylloxera interplanting seems to have been new resistant rootstocks to eventually take the place of the old. In essence, a concession of failure and a starting over with new rootstock (and pulling out the old phylloxera-infested vines).
Like Mr. Casanova in nineteenth century France, the modern Chinese researchers started out with a watery solution containing tobacco; but in a bit more scientific fashion with controlled tests of the tobacco solution on young greenhouse-grown grape vines. The results showed that aqueous extracts of tobacco had certain alleviating effects on phylloxera infection, according to a 2014 abstract from the journal Acta Entomologica Sinica. Both the aqueous extracts of tobacco at the concentration of 20 mg/mL and 50 mg/mL had an inhibition to phylloxera infection, with a 50% reduction in phylloxera infection within 3 weeks (along with a reduction of fungal invaders that kill injured grape roots).
Chinese tobacco-grape laboratory and field studies were also reported in the Journal of Integrative Agriculture in 2014. The lab studies indicated that tobacco extracts in water were indeed a valid herbal (botanical) remedy against phylloxera aphids. In three years of field tests with tobacco interplanted in infested grape vineyards, phylloxera infestations of grape roots steadily decreased each year. Tobacco was used as the intercropping crop because it includes nicotine, which is a source of bio-insecticides, said the researchers. The production of new grape roots was significantly higher in the intercropping patterns than in the grape monoculture in 2010, 2011 and 2012, and the vines gradually renewed due to the continuous intercropping with tobacco over three yearsThe results indicated that the secondary metabolites of tobacco roots had released to soil and got to the target pest. Tobacco intercropping effects on grape plants was also measurable in terms of cluster number per plant, cluster weight, cluster length, cluster width, berry number per cluster, mean berry diameter in the mid portions of the cluster, carbohydrate content, fruit color index, leaf width and branch diameter. The researchers expect that this Successful intercropping with tobacco will stimulate more research with other insecticidal plants to disinfest vineyard soils.
We could probably end the blog item here, or have a second article as part II, but we have some interesting interactions among sagebrush and tobacco plants that can spillover to grape vineyards. Oddly enough, sagebrush and tobacco seem to get along very well. According to M.E. Maffei, writing in the South African Journal of Botany: Aerial interaction of the wild tobacco (Nicotiana attenuata) and sagebrush (Artemisia tridentata subsp.) is the best-documented example of between-plant signaling via above-ground VOCs (Volatile Organic Compounds) in nature. Wounded or Clipped sagebrush emits many volatiles, including methyl jasmonate, methacrolein, terpenoids, and green leaf volatiles. These sagebrush volatiles (VOCs) stimulate nearby tobacco plants to become less hospitable to caterpillar pests (fewer in number). The process is called priming and results in plants producing more chemicals deleterious to pests. For readers desiring all the details and more theory: In 2006, Kessler et al. published in a journal called Oecologia under the title Priming of plant defense responses in nature by airborne signaling between Artemisia tridentata and Nicotiana attenuata.
Big Sagebrush, known scientifically as Artemisia tridentata, is a native North American plant that can reach 4 meters in height and live from 30 to over 200 years in arid desert environments by using hydraulic lift to pump water from deep soil layers. The plants are a rich and underutilized source of medicinal compounds, insecticides, fungicides, natural preservatives, etc. Worldwide there are at least 500 Artemisia sagebrush species, many used in traditional medicines (e.g. China), cosmetics, insect repellents, and as spices and flavorings in foods. For example, Artemisia annua has attracted attention to combat malaria. Readers desiring a crash course in Artemisia species and their bio-active essential oils will find it online in an excellent 24-page review article in a journal called Molecules.
Big Sagebrush is found in arid regions of North America from steppe to subalpine zones, dry shrub lands, foothills, rocky outcrops, scablands, and valleys, wrote Christina Turi and colleagues in 2014 in the journal Plant Signaling & Behavior. Traditionally, species of Big Sagebrush have been used as a ceremonial medicine to treat headaches or protect individuals from metaphysical forces. A total of 220 phytochemicals have been described in A. tridentata and related species in the Tridentatae. Recently, the neurologically active compounds melatonin (MEL), serotonin (5HT), and acetylcholine (Ach) were identified and quantified. In other words, sagebrush plants and human brains and nervous systems have a lot in common.
Indeed, galanthamine, a botanical drug treatment for mild to moderate Alzheimer disease, can also be used to treat sagebrush. Galanthamine, which is named after the snowdrop plants (Galanthus species) where it was discovered, is also found in Narcissus and other common bulbs. Galanthamine is, according to researchers Turi et al., a naturally occurring acetylcholinesterase (AchE) inhibitor that has been well established as a drug for treatment of mild to moderate Alzheimer disease. Why bulb plants produce chemicals affecting both Alzheimer disease (human nervous systems) and sagebrush plants is a good question. One theory is that plants release these chemicals into the environment to communicate with and influence the behavior of other plants, and also perhaps deter or otherwise influence herbivorous animals. Environmentalists, overly preoccupied with worries about carbon dioxide and GMOs, might ponder the fact that human chemicals with medicinal effects released into the environment might be the bigger threat, affecting plants and ecosystems in ways not yet fully appreciated that may comeback to bite us.
The Western USA is known for its vast expanses, perhaps 50 million acres with Big Sagebrush, some of which is being displaced for vineyards in isolated valleys in the Pacific Northwest. I particularly like the description of the Big Sagebrush ecosystem at the Sage Grouse Initiative: To many of us, sagebrush country symbolizes the wild, wide-open spaces of the West, populated by scattered herds of cattle and sheep, a few pronghorn antelope, and a loose-knit community of rugged ranchers. When you stand in the midst of the arid western range, dusty gray-green sagebrush stretches to the horizon in a boundless, tranquil sea. Your first impression may be of sameness and lifelessnessa monotony of low shrubs, the over-reaching sky, a scattering of little brown birds darting away through the brush, and that heady, ever-present sage perfume.
About 90% of the native sagebrush steppe habitat in the eastern Washington grape growing area was removed to make way for the vineyards. But the 10% remaining sagebrush habitat may have important ecological benefits, such as improved natural or biological pest control in the vineyards. One suggestion is to leave some of the native Big Sagebrush around vineyards, for its beneficial ecological effects. Perennial crop systems such as wine grapes have begun using cover crops and hedgerows to increase beneficial insects and promote sustainable vineyard management in areas like New Zealand and California, Washington State University researcher Katherine Buckley told the 2014 Entomological Society of America (ESA) annual meeting in Portland, Oregon. However, in arid wine growing regions such as eastern Washington, cover crops are often prohibitively expensive due to water costs. We wanted to determine if native plants, which require little or no irrigation, could be used to increase beneficial insects and enhance conservation biological control of vineyard pests in eastern Washington.
The native sagebrush steppe ecosystem has a wide range of plants, but is characterized by species such as big sagebrush (Artemisia tridentata), rabbitbrush (e.g. Chrysothamnus, Ericameria spp.), bitterbrush (Purshia spp.) and perennial bunchgrasses (e.g. Agropyron, Stipa, Festuca, Koeleria, Poa spp.). The Big Sagebrush ecosystem is richer in species than meets the eye at first glance. Over 100 species of birds (e.g. sage grouse, sage thrasher, sage sparrow and Brewers sparrow) forage and nest in sagebrush communities, and they could provide a lot of insect biocontrol at less cost and with less environmental impact than chemical sprays.
A U.S. Forest Service report called Big Sagebrush a keystone species and a nursing mother to 31 species of fungi, 52 species of aphids, 10 species of insects that feed on aphids, 42 species of midges and fruit flies that induce galls, 20 species of insects that parasitize the gall inducers, 6 species of insects that hibernate in big sagebrush galls, 18 species of beetles, 13 species of grasshoppers, 13 species of shield-back katydids, 16 species of thrips, 74 species of spiders, 24 species of lichens, 16 species of paintbrushes, 7 species of owl-clovers, 5 species of birds beaks, 3 species of broom rapes, and a host of large and small mammals, birds, and reptiles.
After locating vineyards with some form of native habitat restoration in four different growing regions of eastern Washington, yellow sticky traps and leaf samples were used to monitor beneficial and pest insect numbers in the habitat restored vineyards and nearby conventional vineyards over a three year period, said Buckley. The native plants, which are adapted to the regions hot summers and cold winters, are home to at least 133 insect species. Native habitat vineyards had fewer pest insect species; and higher populations and a higher diversity of beneficial insects. Anagrus wasps, which are known to parasitize pesky grape leafhoppers, were most abundant in Big Sagebrush. More amazingly, this leafhopper biocontrol wasp was found year-round in Big Sagebrush, even when the plant was not flowering. No other plant, not even the photogenic wild roses planted at the end of vineyard rows and admired by tourists, hosted the tiny leafhopper biocontrol wasp year-round.
Garden herbs such as thyme (Thymus ssp.), mugwort (Artemisia ssp.) and fennel (Foeniculum ssp.) have all been tested in vineyard interrows because they are fungicidal against Botrytis cinerea, a fungus attacking grape clusters, and boost soil micro-nutrients like copper, manganese and zinc. Maybe at some point in time, the Chinese interplantings of tobacco and alternating strips of Big Sagebrush (or other Artemisia species) and garden herbs will all get integrated together with other cover crops and native hedgerows into grape vineyards for a more biological or natural approach to agriculture. With sagebrush and tobacco, we have only scratched the surface of vineyard possibilities.
BED BUGS CAN be spiked and trapped by tiny spears like leaf hairs, and can become dehydrated or dessicated and rendered harmless by certain forms of silicon, the second most abundant element in planet Earths crust (28%) after oxygen (47%). That silicon can be the bane of bed bugs is indeed odd when one considers that silicon permeates our world from beach sands, opals, agates and quartz crystals to sandpaper, semiconductors, glasses, ceramics, optical fibers and cosmetic products. Indeed, the famous French scientist and silkworm entomologist, Louis Pasteur, whose name has become synonymous with the germ theory of medicine, predicted silicons eventual service in human medicine; though Pasteur was probably not thinking along the lines of silica gels and desiccant diatomaceous earth dusts as remedies for the 21st centurys worldwide medical plague of bed bugs.
Despite its commonness in nature and the human environment and potential uses in human medicine, the use of silicon products comes with caveats to users, who might want to wear sufficient protective clothing and respirators to avoid inhaling the products. Strangely enough, that much maligned metabolic waste product, carbon dioxide, which along with sunlight is essential to photosynthesis and life on planet Earth, is perhaps a safer component (e.g. as a lure or attractant) when integrated into bed bug traps. Food grade diatomaceous earth made from freshwater diatoms is considered relatively nontoxic; whereas filtering grade diatomaceous earth (e.g. the type used for swimming pool filters) is a crystalline form with inhalation toxicity.
Louis Pasteur (1822-95) said that silicon would prove to be a treatment for many diseases and in the first quarter of the twentieth century there were numerous reports by French and German doctors of sodium silicate being used successfully to treat conditions such as high blood pressure and dermatitis, wrote British chemist John Emsley in his superb compendium, Natures Building Blocks (An A-Z Guide to the Elements). By 1930, such treatments were seen to have been in vain and the medication fell out of favor. So things rested, until the discovery that silicon might have a role to play in human metabolism, and then followed suggestions that it could have a role in conditions such as arthritis and Alzheimers disease, but no new treatment based on these suggestions has yet emerged. Meanwhile, silicon continues to be linked with a disease of its own: silicosis. Miners, stone-cutters, sand-blasters and metal-grinders develop this lung condition which is a recognized occupational disorder caused by the inhalation of minute particles of silica Symptoms include coughing, wheezing and shortness of breath; a more aggressive form of silicosis associated with certain types of asbestos can develop into lung cancer and has been a rich source of litigation for occupational exposure in the USA.
While silica products should be used sparingly (a caution that should also apply to most sprays) or not at all by some people (e.g. existing respiratory problems; perhaps seek a medical opinion before using), they might prove for many others the tipping point for winning the bed bug war as part of an integrated approach that controls bed bugs (many of which are pesticide resistant) using a multiple arsenal of weapons including herbal oils, clutter reduction, heat, sealing crack and crevice harborages, traps, pheromones, carbon dioxide, vacuuming under baseboards, etc.
At the 2014 Entomological Society of America (ESA) annual meeting, Kyeong-Yeoll Lee of South Koreas Kyungpook National University (Daegu) reported that silica in the form of diatomaceous earth (Perma-Guard(TM) or Fossil-Shell(R)) acted as a synergist when heat (hot air) fumigations substituted for chemical fumigants such as methyl bromide. Though the test insect was Indian meal moth, a worldwide pest of stored grain and many other packaged agricultural products, it would not be surprising to find that heat treatments combined with silica products like diatomaceous earth will also prove efficacious and perhaps also synergistic against bed bugs. Indeed, heat treatments may induce bed bugs to move around more, which could hasten contacting diatomaceous earth and water loss.
At the same 2014 ESA meeting, Virginia Tech (Blacksburg, VA) researcher Molly Stedfast provided some impressive results via the time-consuming process of first educating apartment residents about bed bugs and then painstakingly vacuuming along baseboards to suck up as many bed bugs as possible before applying the silica products under the baseboards to further reduce bed bug populations. This integrated (IPM; integrated pest management) approach required quite a bit of manual labor, as furniture had to be moved to gain access to the baseboards before vacuuming and then applying silica gel or dust products.
Stedfast tested two silica products, Mother Earth(TM) D, a highly-absorptive desiccant dust made from 100% freshwater diatomaceous earth, and CimeXa(TM) Insecticide Dust, a 100% amorphous silica gel. The silica dust or gel injures the insect cuticle (outer protective skin), letting water leak out and leading to dehydration (providing relative humidity is not extremely high, above 81%; and free water is unavailable). Both the diatomaceous earth and silica gel products were very effective at killing bed bugs even at 10% of the label rate. Going above the label rate was a waste of resources, as only so much product can contaminate the bed bugs. Bed bugs can die within 24 hours of contacting the silica products, but air currents that blow the dusts around can be a problem; also the products need to stay moist and not dry out to be effective. Among Stedfasts biggest headaches is the application equipment, which was not very robust.
The patent literature reveals that inventors such as Roderick William Phillips in Vancouver are working on improved spray apparatuses for applying diatomaceous earth: There is disclosed a spray apparatus for holding contents comprising diatomaceous earth and a compressed propellant for propelling the diatomaceous earth. There is also disclosed use of diatomaceous earth to control a population of bedbugsdiatomaceous earth, a naturally occurring siliceous sedimentary rock that includes fossilized remains of diatoms. However, known methods of applying diatomaceous earth can be cumbersome. For example, known methods of applying diatomaceous earth may undesirably require handling the diatomaceous earth, for example to transfer the diatomaceous earth from a container not having an applicator to a separate applicator apparatus. Also, known applicator apparatuses may apply diatomaceous earth unevenly, which may be wasteful or ineffective. In general, known methods of applying diatomaceous earth may be sufficiently complex so as to require professional involvement, which may undesirably add to cost and delay of bedbug treatment. Also, numerous types of diatomaceous earth are available, and different types of diatomaceous earth vary widely and significantly from each other. It has been estimated that there are approximately 100,000 extant diatom speciesand may vary widely and significantly in size and shape across a very large number of diatom species
At the University of British Columbia (Vancouver), Yasmin Akhtar and Murray Isman demonstrated that both diatomaceous earth and herbal or botanical compounds such as neem, ryania and rotenone are to varying degrees transported by adult bed bugs and contaminate other adults and younger bed bug nymphs. Our data clearly demonstrate horizontal transfer of diatomaceous earth and botanical insecticides in the common bed bug, said Akhtar and Isman. Use of a fluorescent dust provided visual confirmation that contaminated bed bugs transfer dust to untreated bed bugs in harborage. This result is important because bedbugs live in hard-to-reach places and interaction between conspecifics can be exploited for delivery and dissemination of management products directed at this public health pestThis result is important because bedbugs live in hard-to-reach places (cracks, crevices, picture frames, books, furniture) and as such interaction between the members of the colony can be exploited for delivery and dissemination of control products.
At the 2014 ESA annual meeting, Akhtar suggested protecting travelers and suppressing bed bug transit by building diatomaceous earth into luggage, mattresses and fabrics. Diatomaceous earth provided 96% repellence; bed bug mortality was zero at 24 hours, but 93% after 120 hours. Diatomaceous earth could also be applied to box springs, dressers and headboards, and under carpets and inside drywall. A diatomaceous earth aerosol provided 81% bed bug mortality at 30 days, and was still active and being transferred from dead bed bugs to live bed bugs.
Diatom species mined for diatomaceous earth are stunning in their architectural variety and beauty. Ultimately, the silicon secrets of living diatoms has the potential to transform the manufacture of siloxane-based semiconductors, glasses, ceramics, plastics, elastomers, resins, mesoporous molecular sieves and catalysts, optical fibers and coatings, insulators, moisture shields, photoluminescent polymers, and cosmetics, wrote UCSB marine scientist Daniel E. Morse. The manufacture of these materials typically requires high temperatures, high pressures or the use of caustic chemicals. By contrast, the biological production of amorphous silica, the simplest siloxane [(SiO2)n], is accomplished under mild physiological conditions, producing a remarkable diversity of exquisitely structured shells, spines, fibers and granules in many protists, diatoms, sponges, molluscs and higher plants. These biologically produced silicas exhibit a genetically controlled precision of nanoscale architecture that, in many cases, exceeds the capabilities of present-day human engineering. Furthermore, the biological productivity of siloxanes occurs on an enormous scale globally, yielding gigatons per year of silica deposits on the floor of the ocean. Diatomaceous earth (composed of the nanoporous skeletons of diatoms) is mined in great quantities from vast primordial deposits of this biogenic silica.
HERBAL OILS such as NEEM can reduce bed bug populations when integrated with other pest control technologies such as traps. As desperation hits with more bed bug populations resistant to more conventional synthetic pesticides, more herb and essential oil formulations and fumigations, as well as silicon dioxide-based gels and dusts such as diatomaceous earth, are being integrated with other bed bug remedies such as clutter reduction and heat fumigation.
Those in thrall to chemical industry protocols adhere to the standard that a remedy must kill 95% in laboratory tests. But it is most often a hypocritical standard, as over time bed bugs are almost guaranteed to become genetically selected for resistance to widely used synthetic pesticides. According to Virginia Tech researchers: A frightening resurgence of bed bug infestations has occurred over the last 10 years in the U.S. and current chemical methods have been inadequate for controlling this pest due to widespread insecticide resistanceWhile DDT was initially effective for bed bug control, resistance to the cyclodienes was well documented among different bed bug populations by 1958bed bugs had developed resistance to organophosphate insecticides, including malathion by the 1960sWhile there have been many hypotheses regarding the cause of the bed bug resurgence, the cause is at least partially explained by bed bug resistance to insecticides, in this case, those in the pyrethroid class, including deltamethrin resistance in New York City bed bugs.
To that conclusion, I would add over-reliance on synthetic chemical pesticides to the exclusion of designing habitations to be inhospitable to bed bugs and alternative control methods. Oddly enough, herbal remedies not killing 95% are often subject to persecutory calls of marketplace banishment by the EPA, FDA, FTC or one of the myriad other USA.gov regulatory bureaucracies. An Alternative in the Internet age is letting people decide for themselves via Internet search engines before buying. To some extent, government regulation of herbal pest control efficacy is unnecessary when scientific test results can be posted on the Internet and debated.
An integrative approach can make excellent use of herbal remedies providing perhaps 40% or 60% bed bug reduction; in conjunction with heat treatments, sharp silicon dioxide crystals and other remedies that collectively might add another 30%, 40% or 50% bed bug reduction. Its all mathematics, which many people hate; but nonetheless a 60% bed bug reduction from an herbal remedy combined with a 40% reduction from clutter reduction, heat fumigation or traps can easily equal over 95% control (the laboratory standard adhered to by those one-trick chemical ponies sometimes called nozzle heads).
In other words, herbal oils and other alternative treatments can leverage themselves when intelligently combined with other pest control methods such as heat, clutter reduction and traps. That should be intuitive, but it runs counter to the entomology training of the average PhD in the USA. The late Professor (Robert) van den Bosch of the University of California was one of the developers of Integrated Pest Management (IPM) and an advocate of biological controls; and he made the case for a multi-faceted approach to cotton and food crop pests long ago in books like The Pesticide Conspiracy (University of California Press).
Bed bugs and the urban environment of hotels, apartments, cracks, crevices, mattresses, trains, buses, backpacks and luggage of course present a different set of problems than a homogeneous field of crops or a laboratory spray arena. But you be the judge of whether herbal fumigations work against bed bugs: At the Entomological Society of America annual meeting, Korean researcher Jun-Ran Kim (Rural Develop Admin, Suwon-si Gyeonggi-do, South Korea) compared 120 herbal or botanical essential oils to the best conventional pesticides for controlling insecticide-susceptible and insecticide-resistant adult bed bugs hiding in protected places (as bed bugs do; e.g. cracks, crevices, inside electrical sockets).
Kim singled out two essential oils, those from peppermint (Mentha piperita) and myrtle (Myrtus communis) plants, as most effective and worth further development as bed bug fumigants. So, should the headline read: Essential Oils a Failure as Bed Bug Fumigants, as 118 of 120 essential oils did not make the cut. Indeed, fewer than 2% of the botanical oils tested, peppermint and myrtle, were singled out as potential bed bug fumigants. Or should the headline read: Essential Oils Effective Bed Bug Fumigants, or Peppermint and Myrtle Oils Prove Essential Oils Can Work as Bed Bug Fumigants.
Rue, an ancient herb, needs to be tested against bed bugs. Natural products researchers report: An infusion of Ruta chalepensis leaves rubbed onto skin has been purported to be repellent to mosquitoes and other insects by farmers and shepherds in rural and mountainous areas of Marche and Latium, Central Italy. In the same Italian countryside, Ruta graveolens leaves were set under the bed to repel bugs and mice (Guarrera 1999). A decoction of Ruta species also has been used topically against scabies, lice, and fleas, to repel insects and to treat intestinal worms in livestock.
Intriguingly, rather than following up on rue under the bed to fight bed bugs, Italian researchers veered off in another direction: Rue, as a sustainable weed control alternative for corn field weeds such as purslane and pigweed: Poisonous plants are neglected sources of natural herbicides. An infusion of such a plant rue (Ruta graveolens L.) was testedrue infusion (100 g/l) and its isolated allelochemicalsopen up a promising avenue in the search of natural herbicides.
Other researchers envision the disease-fighting properties of herbs such as rue and powders such as sodium bicarbonate (baking soda or bicarbonate of soda) being harnessed as alternatives to synthetic fungicides. Indeed, in organic and sustainable conventional farming, rue at low ratesmay lessen the onset of fungicide resistance against powdery mildew, brown spot and other plant diseases in diverse crops, including strawberries.
Italian researcher Giovanni Aliottal and colleagues in a paper titled Historical Examples of Allelopathy and Ethnobotany from the Mediterranean Region, write: Ruta graveolens L. (Rutaceae), or common rue, originating in Southern Europe, is an evergreen shrub with bluish-green leaves that emits a powerful odour and has a bitter taste. The plant is cited in the ancient herbals and has deep roots in folklore, alchemy and even demonology. Rue has been regarded from the earliest time as successful in warding off contagion and preventing the attacks of fleas and other noxious insects. The name rue derives from the Greek reuo (= to set free), because the plant is efficacious in various diseases. Rue was the chief ingredient of the famous antidote to poison used by Mithridates. It was also known to produce erythema and pustular eruptions on human skin. Many remedies containing rue as well as its abortive properties were mentioned by Pliny the Elder in his Naturalis Historia (XX, 143). In Europe, rue was considered a powerful defense against witches during the Middle Ages. Piperno, a Neapolitan physician, in 1625, recommended rue as a treatment for epilepsy and vertigo. Today, the aerial parts of the plant are eaten in Italian salads, and are said to preserve the eyesight. Rue is currently mentioned in the pharmacopoeias of 28 countries where it is considered mainly as a stimulating, antispasmodic, diuretic and emmenagogue. Moreover, fresh and dried leaves are used to preserve and to flavour beverages and foods such as liquor (grappa) and wine, cheese and meat.
Ruta graveolens is the scientific name for garden rue or herb-of-grace, one of about 1,500 species in the plant family Rutaceae (includes oranges, lemons, other citrus). A native of the Balkans and southeastern Europe grown worldwide, rue is known as sudab or sadab in India, arvada in Tamil, aruda in Singhalese, gedung minggu in Javanese and geruda in Malay. Ruta chalepensis is the scientific name for fringed rue, Aleppo rue or Egyptian rue. Rue researchers D. H. Tejavathil and B. L. Manjula in India summarize: Ruta graveolens L., a member of Rutaceae, is well known for its wide utilities such as ornamental, aromatic and culinary in addition to medicinal properties. Medicinal value of this taxon is attributed to the accumulation of flavonoids, furanocoumarins, acridine alkaloids, furanoquinolins and also essential oils which led to its recognition as one of the sought after traditional medicinal plants by pharmaceuticals. Perhaps a bit dangerous, too; according to Egyptian researchers: On moist skin in direct sunlight, it leads to photosensitivity. The essential oil is a central nervous system depressant and at high doses has become a narcotic.
A major rue essential oil component, 2-undecanone, is nicely summarized in wikipedia: 2-Undecanone is used in the perfumery and flavoring industries, but because of its strong odor it is primarily used as an insect repellent or animal repellent. Typically, 12% concentrations of 2-undecanone are found in dog and cat repellents According to its web site claiming invention by Dr. R. Michael Roe and referencing 3 patents: North Carolina State University is currently seeking an industry partner to commercialize a novel, natural insect repellent for mosquitoes, ticks, chiggers, bedbugs, house dust mites, cockroaches, and other pestsA researcher at North Carolina State University has discovered that undecanone and related structures are repellents of mosquitoes, ticks, bed bugs, cockroaches, thrips, aphids, deer flies, gnats and other animals. In some tests, these compounds were found to be more effective than DEET
The Flowers of Chania web site provides a nice overview of rue species used as medicine in Crete, grown in Netherlands botanical gardens, and mentioned in Shakespeares Hamlet. Unlike the Balkan bean leaf remedy for spearing bed bugs, which has recently sparked the interest of those desperate for bed bug remedies, medicinal plants in the rue family known since ancient times have escaped scientific scrutiny against bed bugs. Probably much to the delight of bed bugs worldwide. According to researchers in India, The most frequent intentional use of the plant has been for induction of abortion. If only that powerful rue activity could be integrated to naturally abort bed bug populations just enough to allow humans a more bite-free sleep.
On the Internet are a varied array of commercial products with herbal essential oil and soap (detergent) ingredients sold for potential use against bed bugs (and usually other pests, as well). The herbal ingredients do not need extensive safety testing, as they are GRAS (Generally Recognized as Safe) substances commonly found in foods, cosmetics, etc.
According to the USA FDA (Food and Drug Administration) web site: GRAS is an acronym for the phrase Generally Recognized As Safe. Under sections 201(s) and 409 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act), any substance that is intentionally added to food is a food additive, that is subject to premarket review and approval by FDA, unless the substance is generally recognized, among qualified experts, as having been adequately shown to be safe under the conditions of its intended use, or unless the use of the substance is otherwise excluded from the definition of a food additive. Under sections 201(s) and 409 of the Act, and FDAs implementing regulations in 21 CFR 170.3 and 21 CFR 170.30, the use of a food substance may be GRAS either through scientific procedures or, for a substance used in food before 1958, through experience based on common use in food.
In other words, if there is a long tradition of eating the stuff and smearing it on your body, it is likely not to need hundreds of millions of dollars and decades of testing and regulatory agency compliance like a pharmaceutical product. So, you dont have to wait 15 years for a bed bug remedy that will be several times more costly (to recoup the regulatory expenses) than what is already available. Being publicly sold on the Internet, samples of these GRAS pesticide products can often be obtained free of charge by researchers for scientific studies. Sometimes the studies, even if taxpayer or public funded, are published in respected commercial journals and hidden from public perusal behind formidable paywalls. But Internet search engines can usually at least turn up abstracts, media reports and summaries of varying quality and usefulness.
Rutgers researchers compared 11 herbal and detergent products (e.g. Sodium Lauryl Sulfate) and two synthetic pesticide products against bed bugs. A nice summary by the researchers published in an industry trade publication and titled Natural Pesticides for Bed Bug Control: DO THEY WORK? was made freely accessible via the Internet. Bed bugs were placed in laboratory chambers offering no escape from spray contact; a valid approach for most product comparisons. But given that many bed bug populations are pesticide resistant and that in real rooms bed bugs hide and avoid spray contact, real world results are usually lower than the lab numbers. These are more or less truisms, for both botanical and synthetic pesticide products. Which is why pest control operators often are called back to spray multiple times over several months or years; and why you need an integrative approach (relying on more than just sprays) and plenty of patience to rid yourself of bed bug infestations. A quick overview of integrative bed bug alternatives with a resource list is found in the Jan. 2015 issue of the IPM Practitioner (as of this writing, still available for free Internet download).
According to the Rutgers researchers, Temprid SC [Imidacloprid (21%) and Beta-Cyfluthrin (10.5%)] killed 100% of exposed adult bed bugs coming in contact with the spray in three days, and was significantly more effective than Demand CS [Lambda-Cyhalothrin (9.8%)]. The best herbal formulations were a bit slower: EcoRaider and Bed Bug Patrol were the most effective biopesticides in both tests. EcoRaider [Geraniol (1%), Cedar Extract (1%) and Sodium Lauryl Sulfate (2%)] caused 100 percent mortality after 10 days in both tests. Bed Bug Patrol [Clove Oil (0.003%), Peppermint Oil (1%) and Sodium Lauryl Sulfate (1.3%] caused an average of 92 percent and 91 percent mortality after 10 days in the first and second experiment, respectively. Neither of these two products caused more than 75 percent mortality at three days after treatmentBed Bug Bully [Mint Oil (0.25%), Clove Oil (0.3%), Citronella Oil (0.4%) and Rosemary Oil (0.4%)] caused 60 percent mortality after 10 days.
Thus, the need for a patience and a multi-faceted, integrative approach to bed bug control using herbal or synthetic pesticides, tiny leaf hair-like spikes, CO2, traps, heat, cold, steam, mattress encasements, vacuuming, pheromones, clutter reduction, diatomaceous earth, silica gels, etc. If winning the war against bed bugs were easy, the insects would have been extinct long ago and you would not be reading this.
TERMITE BIOMASS ENERGY conversion offers a potential 95% to 99% efficiency in converting woody plants into usable energy forms comparable to ethanol fuels and petroleum products. Termites are regarded as harmful because of the ability to decompose cellulosic materials such as houses made of wood, said University of the Ryukyus (Okinawa, Japan) researchers Toru Matsui, Gaku Tokuda and Naoya Shinzato in the journal Recent Patents on Biotechnology. However, Termites and/or their symbionts (e.g. gut protozoa & bacteria) are potentially good resource of functional genes for industrial applicationsfor biomass utilization, environmental remediation, and fine-chemicals production.
Several termite genes have already been patented for biofuel (cellulase) and fighting infections (antimicrobial peptides). Combinations of cellulase enzymes and anaerobic symbionts have also been harnessed to produce hydrogen fuel (H2 gas) from waste plastics. Lignin treatment by anaerobic bacteria from the gut of several termite species has also been patented; thus pointing towards a greener pathway in place of todays less environmentally-friendly caustic chemical processes. Termite energy production mechanisms might also be released as Open Source scientific information, instead of patented, as was once common in the scientific world. Indeed, the real practical innovations for sustainable world energy production may be in turning the raw material of biological science basic research into economical applied chemical engineering and bio-engineering solutions. In other words, a new energy production landscape dotted with bio-refineries approaching the 95% to 99% energy conversion efficiency of termite guts digesting woody plant and fiber materials is an objective worth working towards.
Being an ancient insect order, termites have been tapping into Earths abundant woody plant resources for perhaps 400 million years; well before dinosaurs and then humans roamed and pillaged the planet. Cellulose is the most abundant biomass on the earth, write the Ryukyus researchers. Termites thrive on plant biomass, in which the major constituents are cellulose, hemicellulose (i.e. non-cellulosic carbohydrates), and ligninIn addition, it can be hydrolyzed to give a sugar pool which can be subsequently fermented to form ethanol, etc. However, the crystalline nature of cellulose had made it difficult to economically convert into useful chemical feedstocksOther than cellulosic materials decomposition, there could be symbionts degrading lignin-derived compounds, a significant part of the wood constituents.
At the hops-soaked Entomological Society of America (ESA) annual meeting in Portland, Oregon, the parallels between microbrewing (hops & microbes), baking (yeasts; Voodoo donuts) and termite guts as fermentation vats (bio-refineries) producing energy fuels was bubbling just below the surface. Several research labs, including Michael Scharfs Purdue University lab, are evaluating the genes and metabolic processes innate to termites as well as the contributions of protozoa, bacteria and other microbes living as symbionts in termite guts and helping digest plant lignins and cellulose into usable energy compounds. Figuring out how termites and their gut microbes are such efficient converters of plant matter into energy is a huge undertaking, even with the latest DNA and genetic tools.
Brittany Peterson, an ESA termite biofuel presenter working in Scharfs lab writes on her web page about the co-evolution of termites and their over 4,000 symbiotic microorganisms. The implication being that the termite hindgut is a bio-refinery where termites and their microbial symbionts constitute the equivalent of a vast unknown ecosystem whose parameters are just now being delimited. Peterson and the Scharf lab view termite guts as a model system for studying synergy and biomass processing of tough toxins like lignin. In other words, as the basis and inspiration for designing green bio-refineries for alternative energy and feedstock production processes more energy efficient than turning food crops like corn into ethanol fuel.
Of course, this means figuring out exactly how termites and their several thousand hindgut microbes extract simple sugars from woods complex lignin-cellulose polymer structure. This termite/microbe digestion (or depolymerization) has an amazing 95%-99% efficiency that industrial biomass processing or biofuel production cannot match even using very toxic caustic chemistries. Most research on termite gut microbes has focused on protozoa, but Peterson envisions adding bacteria and termite-produced enzymes to create a synergistic bio-refinery mixture. In other words, replacing current caustic and energy inefficient biomass conversion chemistries with greener, more energy efficient biological technologies composed of termite-derived enzymes, bacteria and protozoa to depolymerize biomass and produce usable sugars/energy.
The synergy of termite (host) and gut microbes likely makes possible the observed over 95% lignin-cellulose biomass processing efficiency; 82% of the genes for lignin-cellulose processing, including high expression of cellulase enzymes, come from or are innate to the termite itself rather than the symbiotic gut microbes, Peterson told the ESA annual meeting. Though the termite-microbe synergism boosts the the energy efficiency to quite high levels approaching 100%. At least for woody materials.
Interestingly, though, when termites eat paper, most of the biomass processing genes come from the gut microbes. Thus, a quite complex digestive ecosystem that seems to vary greatly with the food (feedstock) input. The gut microbes also help termites detoxify harmful materials and provide antioxidant protection. Scientific bioassays using various combinations of antibiotic drug treatments and anti-protozoa diets are enabling the Scharf lab to construct a microbial library for continuing research, Peterson told the ESA. Recent experiments with bacteria isolated from the subterranean termite Reticulitermes flavipes, indicate that the bacteria either alone or via interaction with protozoa boost glucose (sugar; an energy feedstock) release from lignin-cellulose (plant) biomass.
In the future, it is conceivable that bio-refineries using termite enzymes, bacterial enzymes and protozoa will make todays ethanol and biomass to energy conversion processes look like toxic, inefficient relics of a primitive industrial energy production past. But it will likely be many more years before bio-engineers and chemical engineers are ready to begin the commercial harvest of termite energy to power our vehicles, the Internet, etc.
Antiseptic procedures and germ theory, stuff now routine like doctors and nurses washing their hands to avoid contaminating patients, entered modern medicine via 19th-century applied entomology aimed at solving a mysterious silkworm population decline baffling Italys Agostino Bassi and Frances Louis Pasteur (See blog, The Mysteries of Colony Collapse). Today, Pasteur might be looking over the shoulder of Yuan Zeng in Xing Ping Hus Urban Entomology Lab at Auburn University, wondering how termites make themselves more robust and immune to disease. After working with silkworms and formulating modern germ theory, Pasteur realized that the exclusive emphasis on the germ theory of contagious disease was a very incomplete view of reality in need of modification; a radical notion that would be opposed by many in modern medicine even today, as germ theory has attained the status of orthodoxy and relegated the alternatives to the fringes.
Pasteur told colleagues that if he had the chance to go back to silkworm entomology again he would focus on nutrition, the environment and physiology (e.g. immunity) to increase robustness, vigor and disease resistance. Stuff that would be cutting edge in the 21st century. Stuff like termite entomologist Yuan Zengs study of how termite innate immune systems overcome MultiDrug Resistant (MDR) bacteria infecting over 2 million people annually in the USA. MDR bacteria in the USA annually kill over 23,000 because they are untreatable with todays drugs, Zeng told the Entomological Society of America (ESA) annual meeting. MDR bacteria are also becoming a significant global health threat. An excellent YouTube video of Yuan Zeng describing her Auburn University research on termites defeating MDR bacteria is now available.
Zengs previous research with powdered extracts of Eastern subterranean termites (Reticulitermes flavipes) against bacteria causing human gastric distress lends credibility to traditional folk medicines containing insects. Our previous research on disease resistance in R. flavipes workers showed that the crude extract of naive termites constitutively displayed a broad-spectrum antibacterial activity including agents responsible for human gastric infections, Zeng told the ESA annual meeting. The logic behind using termites as medicines or drugs is that subterranean termites forage and nest in soil loaded with pathogenic microbes, making them a source for novel antimicrobial discovery because they have evolved effective innate immune systems in confronting various harmful microorganisms.
If a termite species is both pest and medical cure, then might an alternative to chemical fumigation be to harvest (e.g. trap or vacuum) the termites and sell them as a medicinal crop? That is a question that rarely, if ever, is asked. Science has already proven the existence of immunological, analgesic, antibacterial, diuretic, anesthetic, and antirheumatic properties in the bodies of insects, wrote Brazilian researcher Eraldo Medeiros Costa-Neto in an article titled ENTOMOTHERAPY OR THE MEDICINAL USE OF INSECTS. Since early times, insects and the substances extracted from them have been used as therapeutic resources in the medical systems of many cultures. Commonly considered to be disgusting and filthy animals, many insect species have been used live, cooked, ground, in infusions, in plasters, in salves, and as ointments, both in curative and preventive medicines.
Florida is the place where all the termites of the world seem to be coming to live. The Palm Beach, Florida, TV news recently warned of a Caribbean invasion of conehead or tree termites, known scientifically as Nasutitermes corniger. Conehead termites avoid competing with subterranean termites by building beach-ball size nests above ground and brown tubes up the outside walls of houses, and according to the TV make wood look like shredded wheat. Even aggressive spraying dating back to 2001 failed in its goal of eradication, and 100 million conehead termites nesting in 120 colonies amongst 42 properties were sprayed in 2012. Conehead termites, which are distributed from southern Mexico to northern Argentina and the West Indies, are commonly used in traditional medicine in Northeast Brazil, say scientists in Brazil. No doubt the coneheads will turn up again and again in Florida until they are finally accepted as residents. That is the nature of invasive insects.
Perhaps instead of chemical eradication programs, these termites should be harvested and exported to Brazil and elsewhere for medical use. With the increase in microbial resistance to antibiotics, the use of natural products represent an interesting alternative for treatment, wrote Henrique Coutinho and his Brazilian colleagues in an article titled Termite usage associated with antibiotic therapy. Crushed and powdered conehead termites mixed with a conventional antibiotic drug (which was failing, due to bacterial resistance) produced a new weapon against the bacterial resistance to antibiotics via a termite-drug synergy. In other words, mixing powered conehead termites with the drug made for a more powerful antibiotic medicine than using the antibiotic drug alone. At least the coneheads are good for something.
Yuan Zeng told the ESA and YouTube that she fed subterranean termites sublethal concentrations of MultiDrug Resistant (MDR) pathogens, Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) or Pseudomonas aeruginosa (PAOl), which induced an alternation of protective proteins produced by the termites innate immune system. The composition changes of proteins following the feeding of MDRs significantly inhibited the growth of P. aeruginosa and MRSA, said Zeng. The results of this research could be a significant breakthrough for developing novel effective drugs to fight human disease pathogens resistant to multiple antibiotic drugs. Worldwide, millions of people stand to benefit.
Known termite immune proteins include termicin, spinigerin, lysozome, tGNBPs, and two unidentified proteins from several termite species with potent antibacterial and antifungal activities. However, Zengs termite antimicrobial compounds are different; though there is still much scientific work to be done.
In the journal Recent Patents on Biotechnology, Japanese researchers Toru Matsui, Gaku Tokuda and Naoya Shinzato from University of the Ryukyus in Okinawa discussed patenting termite genes for alternative energy and drug production. Although termites are regarded as harmful because of the ability to decompose cellulosic materials such as houses made of wood, said Matsui et al. Termites and/or their symbionts are potentially good resource of functional genes for industrial applicationsfor biomass utilization, environmental remediation, and fine-chemicals production. Several termite genes have already been patented for biofuel (cellulase) and fighting infections (antimicrobial peptides).
A fungus-growing termite, Pseudacanthotermes spiniger, is notable for producing termicin, an antifugal peptide, and spinigerin, an anti-bacterial and antifungal peptide. These peptides and the corresponding cDNAs have been patented as useful for protection of plants from pathogenic fungi or medical purposes, said Matsui et al. Similarly, some chemical antibiotic compounds isolated from termites have also been patented for the use of treating a microbial infection or disease.
Although entomotherapy is an ancient practice, it is still relatively unknown in the academic world, wrote Costa-Neto. In fact, as Holt already stressed in 1885, the advance of medical science and the suppression of folk knowledge swept away belief in the medicinal qualities of insects.
Insect species outnumber plant species 16-fold, according to an article in The Indian Journal of Traditional Knowledge: Yet very few researchers have concentrated on the medically useful properties of insects. Most research with insects revolves around getting rid of them.
Medical Botany refers to plants used for medical or health purposes. But there is no entomological equivalent. Medical Entomology addresses arthropods as medical or pest problems; and by analogy is like Weed Science to Botany. Insects as medicinal cures or health enhancers are outliers, orphan science, folk healing curiosities; perhaps supermarket tabloid fodder alongside celebrity scandals and UFO abductions.
In South India winged subterranean termites (Odontotermes formosanus) are traditionally roasted in earthen pots and consumed for three evenings to treat asthma. But their anti-bacterial qualities have not been explored, mainly because of the difficulty in harvesting large numbers. Memo to South India: An abundance of potentially medicinal subterranean termites are ready for harvesting and roasting for export in south Florida, Hawaii, New Orleans, Auburn, Mississippi, etc. Perhaps in some distant future a doctor will say, Take two powdered termites and some Vitamin C, and call me in the morning.
Rest assured, a CowVac is not a veterinary vaccine of some sort that magically provides insect control or renders cows autistic. Rather, it is about producing organic milk and organic milk products like butter and yogurt. A CowVac is a suction or vacuum device incorporated into a larger trapping apparatus that removes blood-sucking flies that can be an even worse livestock plague than mosquitoes or ticks. Besides being bad economics (too expensive), pesticides repeatedly applied at ever higher doses quickly select for pesticide-resistant biting flies; i.e the flies become immune. Which is not to say that insects will not develop some ingenious solution, like holding on tighter, to avoid being sucked up by strong suction. But at least development of stronger suction devices and better ways to knock insects off animals would not add pesticide residues to the environment, food chain and human diets. A human equivalent, awaiting invention, would be an enclosure of some sort designed to knockoff and suck up (vacuum off) bed bugs before they bite (see previous blog, on bed bug desperation time innovative research).
Seven years in the making: The Cow-Vac removes horn flies from dairy cattle was the title of a special display at a members symposium Honoring the Career and Contributions of Veterinary Entomologist Donald A. Rutz at the Entomological Society of America (ESA) annual meeting in the beer brewing capital of the world, Portland, Oregon. On its web site, the Center for Environmental Farming Systems (CEFS) at North Carolina State University (NCSU) in Raleigh reports: This innovative solution is now part of routine cattle management at the CEFS Dairy Unit and has allowed the herd to be insecticide-free for 5 years. In other words, this alternative fly management system designed by Steve Denning and D. Wes Watson demonstrated the feasibility of producing organic milk.
The trap removed between 1.3 and 2.5 million flies annually from the research station cattle, Denning and Watson reported to the ESA in Portland. Prior to the installation of the trap in 2007, the cattle routinely had horn fly populations above 1000 flies per animal and would require insecticide applications for horn fly control. With a vacuum trap in place, dairy cattle at CEFS have not required or have been treated with an insecticide. With each of the thousand horn flies sucking blood 10-12 times per day, the blood loss and associated problems were huge (USA estimated losses are over $2.26 billion per year), and organic animal agriculture was considered questionable.
The first walk-through pasture fly trap consisted of a covered structure designed to brush flies from the animals as they passed through, with the fleeing flies captured in the screened hollow walls, reported Denning and Watson at the ESA meeting in Portland. Modifications to the Bruce trap have been introduced over the years. These modified traps employ the same basic mode of action; curtains to dislodge flies and light, either natural or fluorescent, to attract flies to a cage, or bug zapper. In addition to curtains, the CowVac uses air pressure to dislodge flies, and vacuum to capture flies, trapping them in a chamber until death. So far, the Animal Rights movement has yet to recognize a right to food (animal blood, in this case) for biting flies (also animals); and the flies die a natural death from lack of animal blood as a food source. Cruelty to animals (flies), perhaps; and fodder for an ethics debate. But if you want organic milk, butter, meat, yogurt, etc
There are YouTube videos on the vacuum trap, and the Northeast Organic Dairy Producers Alliance has an in-depth article on the CowVac and its development by fly biocontrol specialist Tom Spalding of Spalding Labs: the Horn Fly is very tough to control. Its resistant to most every chemical control. It only reproduces in cow pastures, which means there is always productive breeding material available as no one cleans up pasture patsFor the past 16 years, North Carolina State University entomologists, Dr. Wes Watson and Steve Denning, have been researching IPM practices for pest fly control for commercial livestock and poultry operationsThey have seen it all, testing at least 100s of productsrepellent on most and only a few animals with pesticide, to using electric traps, light traps, walk thru traps, feed thru products, ear tags, oilers, you name itin 2006 as Steve was watching flies get scrapped off cows going thru a walk in trap, and then following the cow out the exit and getting right back on, he had an AH HA moment of lets see if we could vacuum up those little buggersOrganic Valley heard about this unit and they sponsored a test, placing 6 units on North Carolina dairies in 2012we made a trip to Raleigh, NC to see it. I knew from our efforts using Fly Predators to control Horn Flies that this little insect was a big deal. It took a lot of work as you had to put the Fly Predators in the pastures where the cows has just been and that only worked for those doing intensive grazing. Harrowing or running a screen drag over the pastures made a big difference too, but all those things took more time than most dairymen had. If this vac thing worked it would solve a horrible problem every grazier hasWe agreed to license the technology from NC State and so began the redesign for production and optimization. This is the second unlikely alignment of the stars. I run a beneficial insect company, but Im a mechanical engineer (ME) by schooling and in the 30 years prior had started a number of high tech companieswe refined the airflow on real animals. While the simulated cow got us very close to optimized performance, we actually were blowing too much air
KIDNEY BEAN LEAF hairs, an ancient Balkan folk remedy to ameliorate bed bugs biting like vampires in the nighttime and wee morning hours, are in essence medieval warfare pikes barbarically impaling bed bugs resistant to 20th and 21st century synthetic pesticides. The resurrection of kidney bean leaves from Balkan folklore is a measure of human desperation, and an example of an IPM (Integrated Pest Management) strategy combining multiple weapons and tactics to fight this modern-day plague. According to The Journal of the Royal Society Interface, a modern offshoot of the one of the earliest medieval gatherings (mid-1600s) of natural philosophers, scientists and scientific craftsmen (instrument makers) into an official organization, those Balkan peasants knew a thing or two about fighting pestilence with primitive botanical remedies. Ultimately, bed bug-impaling bean hair swords or fabricated replicas will be combined in IPM strategies with other tactics, including ancient Ayurvedic Asian herbal remedies like neem tree oils (see previous blog).
You are not alone in being plagued by bed bugs: According to the journal Medical and Veterinary Entomology (Davies et al., 2012) there are over 4 millennia of recorded narratives dating back to medieval European texts, classical Greek writings and the Jewish Talmud and archaeologists excavating a 3550-year-old workmens village at el-Amarna in Egypt found fossilized bed bug remains. Plus bed bug Females lay one or two eggs every day, and each female may lay 200500 eggs in her lifetime, which may be 6 months or longer. Modern heated buildings with lots of cracks, crevices and hiding places are even more comfortable for bed bugs than the ancient unheated buildings and caves of our ancestors.
The search for botanical remedies is perhaps equally ancient. Sir Francis Avery Jones, writing in the Journal Of The Royal Society Of Medicine (v. 89, Dec. 1996): In the Stone Age the hunter-gatherers have learnt by hard experienceOver the eons they could have recognized plants which dulled pain, induced sleep, healed wounds, or poisoned animals or their enemies like wolfsbaneIn Iraq there is a well-preserved grave of Neanderthal man, dated to some 60,000 years ago, with grains of flower pollen thickly scattered around the bones. The pollen came from eight different species still grown in Iraq today, some having recognized medicinal usesVery early documents from China, Egypt, Sumaria and India describe the uses of anise, mustard, caraway, mint, saffron, thyme, cardamom, turmeric, cloves and pepper. The herbals reached their peak in the first century AD when the Greek physician Dioscorides assembled his vast De Materia Medica, recording the name, description, habit and medical use of some 600 plants.
Bean leaves in comparison are a relatively modern bed bug botanical, a variant on the Tudor England practice of covering floors with pest-repellent (e.g. versus fleas, flies, plague, gaol fever/typhus) strewing herbs for their uplifting aromatic properties (e.g. rosemary, woodruff, various mints, box, lavender, santolina, hyssop, balm, cleavers, costmary, marjoram, meadowsweet, tansy). Queen Elizabeths use of meadowsweet leaves and flowers was described in The Herbal or Generall Historie of Plantes (1597) by John Gerard: leaves and floures of meadowsweet farre excell all other strewing herbs for to deck up houses, for the smell makes the heart merrie and joyful and delights the senses.
The Balkan remedy of bed bugs becoming entangled in hooked bean leaf hairs was written about by someone named Bogdandy in 1927 in the journal Naturwissenschaften and then again in 1943 by the USDAs Henry Richardson in the Journal of Economic Entomology. According to a 2013 issue of The Journal of the Royal Society Interface, whose authors included Catherine Loudon of the University of California Irvine, who talked about the subject at the Entomological Society of America (ESA): Historical reports describe the trapping of bed bugs in Balkan countries by leaves from bean plants strewn on the floor next to beds. During the night, bed bugs walking on the floor would accumulate on these bean leaves, which were collected and burned the following morning to exterminate the bed bugs.
Fire, burning bean leaves that have hooked or trapped bed bugs, might be considered an extreme and specialized form of pest control heat treatment to be practiced with extreme caution. But compared to combating blood-sucking (vampirism) and werewolfism (Lycanthropy) in Hollywood B-movies, whos to say. YouTube has videos showing bed bugs getting snagged by bean leaf hairs, and a simulation indicating that real bean leaves are still better than synthetic fabrics fabricated to mimick bean leaves. Kidney bean varieties are best for impaling passing bed bugs, and easy to use around a bed. But some lima bean varieties and small passion flower leaves also work, said Loudon. Interestingly, like computer chips, bean hairs that snag bed bugs best are toughened with silicon, unlike synthetic fabric hairs so far fabricated from substances like dental molding.
But given enough time, I would expect researchers in some dark Transylvanian lab in the Vampire District or in some light-splashed lab with surfboards along Frankenstein Row on the southern California coast to focus their scanning electron microscopes under high and low vacuums and eventually patent and reveal to the world nano-fabric silica hairs of a monstrous nature (to bed bugs) that can protectively surround sleepers and trap bed bugs before they bite. Or perhaps the genetic engineers will get there first with a carnivorous plant (the Venus Bed Bug Trap) for biocontrol. But if youre keeping score, for most of human history, with some periods of remission, Team Bed Bug is still on top. In the meantime, pleasant dreams; and dont let the bed bugs bite.
This item was published for sale online by macys on April 14, 2018 6:24 am and last updated by us October 12, 2018 3:07 pm.
macys Note: This vendor may charge a fee of $10.95 for shipping and handling of this item. See website for further details and/or any volume discounts.
New promo codes and links offering limited time promotions, sales coupons, and special offers on Florsheim designer fashions and accessories will be posted on each designer label apparel page. For the latest up to date information on this Florsheim Men's Verge Double Gore Slip On Sneakers Created For Macys Men's Shoes | Footwear fashion item, including product specifications, ordering options, pricing, shipping details, high resolution pictures, shopper comments, and other sales media, visit the macys Online Store.
Reflections on the arts, Carmelite traditions and saints, and contemplation. . . among other things.
As a result of You-Tube exploration, I went back to the vinyl collection that I have kept from my early interest in music and wondered, other than the fact that the technology is now so primitive as to be nearly outmoded, why I didn't listen to these things what were so formative for me at the time.
So I turned back to several favorites and listened to them as I thumbed through the Amazon Catalog (and finally contacted a friend who had been ripping vinyl to MP3). Chief amongst these early works were Tales of Mystery and Imagination by The Alan Parsons Project, Phantasmagoria by Curved Air (the You-Tube cut by Sonja Kristina, "Melinda (More or Less)" is from this album) and Foxtrot by Genesis (with Peter Gabriel).
Foxtrot is something of a "concept album" with the second side consisting of a single song in multiple movements. I remember listening to this over and over again at the time it was issued. I thought it one of the most profound pieces of music ever written. You won't be astonished to hear that I was wrong. But the people who wrote the lyrics knew how to pull strings and how to set up certain expectations. Much of this is youthful pretension--one can end up reading all sorts of meanings into the song, but much of this is an exercise in reading the overstuffed and vague lyrics in a certain way. All of this amounts to a certain amount of pretension--a pretension that comes of youth.
And the next song bounces along "happy as fish and gorgeous as geese" hops along in its odd sort of way.
And we're to make what of this? I remember back before they published the lyric sheets just trying to figure out what the heck they were singing. Now that I know, I'm little better off. And yet there is such a tremendous sense of fun about the whole thing--sheer delight in verbal wordplay. "666 is no longer alone. . ." such an interesting observation that can be taken so many ways depending upon one's perspective.
That said--it is still solid and interesting. One can forgive the excesses of youth and even engage in them from time to time. This is the kind of thing that true geniuses look back on and say, "Oh well, youth, what can you do about it." The music moves in all sorts of interesting symphonic ways and rock ways--there are about 20 styles and segues that lead through a labyrinth of possible meanings to result in sheer entertainment.
So rather than faulting meaning or lack thereof, it's far better to sit back and enjoy the sheer loveliness of some of the treatments and let the rest go. Yes, some of it is silly, some pretentious, some overblown. But there are delicate interludes and a real sense of unity and organization in a piece that goes on for about 22 minutes--a true symphony of sorts. And it still charms.
And occasionally, I wonder whether I should recommend The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway to my son as he looks to fill up his iPod, or just never listen to it again for fear of how it's aged.
It's probably just me, but I'm amazed at how fresh Foxtrot still seems. I haven't gotten around to The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway yet. At the time, I found it ponderous in comparison; but then I was into making fine distinctions and robbing myself of some enjoyment. Or perhaps receiving greater enjoyment from making fine distinctions than the freedom to enjoy the music might have given me. I look forward to hearing it again. When I've set up my mechanism to rip vinyl, I'll probably do that one among the first. (Very first is likely to be the eccentric and entertaining Camembert Electrique.
For whatever reason, I was attracted to this Middle English version of The Cloud of Unknowing and found therein a really beautiful prayer for all those who seek to live the will of God.
I don't know why I find it so moving, except to think--in the communion of the Saints, I am blessed by the prayer of a person who so long ago wrote these words and who lives now in this world through them even as he pleads before the throne of God for all those who read them. One of the great mysteries revealed by God and constantly spoken of by the Church stands open to me here in a way that it does not when I read some other things. Odd--but perhaps it is the touch of that which is almost foreign, but still remains within the grasp of those who wish to understand it. The language is not my language and yet, it is close enough to know and alien enough to suggest another time, another world, another way of being.
Kolkata-based curator Abhijan Toto presents a curatorial project that marks the culmination of the series of artistic interrogations titled The Exhaustion Project, in which he probes the relationship between labor, self-care, and the exhausted body with artists Egl Budvytyt (LT, NL), Alisa Chunchue (TH), Jessika Khazrik (LB), Sarah Naqvi (IN), and Anna Ridler (GB). The project examines what potential for subversion becomes imaginable and accessible through communal exhaustion.
During Totos mentorship with curator David Elliott, in the category Looking, their discussions revolved around the concept of power, how it might be approached under different cultural and political conditions, and what subversion might mean in various contexts. What happens when political actions influence each other and coalesce? Out of these considerations, the notion of entanglement became the central concern for the curatorial project: Despite working in a variety of media and different practices, each participating artist proposes a model of the body as already entangled with human and nonhuman others.
By casting the body as something that is not singular but rather entangled, the artists in the show conjure new possibilities of being and moving in multitudes to create an alternative score for performing the present. Within the curatorial project, the works mutate into an investigation of modes of acting from this position, and producing a space of agency beyond exhaustion through intimacy and care.
This is a placeholder page for Greg Conant, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Greg Conant.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Greg Conant. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Greg Conant. We created this page automatically in hopes Greg Conant would find it. If you are not Greg Conant, but are an alumni of Forest High School Ocala, FL, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Forest High School	of Ocala, Florida
modern home interior design modern home design integration of exterior and interior space modern home interior design images.
refurbish coffee table redo old coffee table pretty sure this coffee table is sitting in our basement waiting repurpose ikea coffee table.
After a two-week break from the big stage, the VELUX EHF Champions League returned this weekend. The action did not stop, however, with the domestic leagues in full swing and many players on national team duty since we last saw them in Europes prime club competition.
The break should have given teams enough time to prepare for the next rounds of the VELUX EHF Champions League - however, some returned in better style than others.
It is safe to say that no team used the two-week break better than Bara Lassa. The Catalan side won the IHF Super Globe in Qatar, and followed up by taking their fifth win in a row in the VELUX EHF Champions League. While defeating PGE Vive Kielce 31:27, they became the second team to pass the 200-goal mark for the season.
Rhein-Neckar Lwen also showed a strong performance, earning their first away win of the season against Telekom Veszprm HC, 29:28.
At the other end of the table, reigning champions Montpellier HB failed to find the winning formula during the break. They remained without a win alongside IFK Kristianstad after their thrilling draw in Sweden. Meanwhile, Meshkov Brest lost their fourth game in a row and are winless since September.
Paris Saint-Germain are now the only team with a perfect record this season after a 33:31 win against MOL-Pick Szeged in the clash between the two unbeaten teams.
After two defeats in a row, RK Celje Pivovarna Lasko doubled their points with a win against HC Motor Zaporozhye, 33:28. It was William Accambrays first game with his new team and he certainly delivered with seven goals.
SG Flensburg-Handewitt also found winning ways again after one victory in their last four games, winning the derby against Skjern Handbold, 26:22. It was also the fourth game in a row without a win for the Danish side. They share that streak with HC PPD Zagreb, where the break was not enough to find ways to turn the tables.
Tatran Presov ended their two-game losing streak with a 28:26 win against Sporting CP and equalled the Portuguese side on points. Presov must have done their homework during the competition break, after losing 30:27 to Sporting at home in Round 5.
About doing your homework: that is what HC Metalurg have done as they finally won their first game of the season. It took six games, but they could finally celebrate after the match against Chekhovskie Medvedi. Losing big in Round 5 (33:25), they turned the tables in Skopje on Sunday, 25:24.
Meanwhile, nothing seems to be stopping Bjerringbro-Silkeborg. They have only lost two games out of 16 in all competitions this season, after a comfortable 34:27 win against Besiktas Mogaz.
After two consecutive losses, Orlen Wisla Plock showed they are back on track with a win against Dinamo Bucuresti, 29:28; after their three-goal loss against the Romanian side in Round 5.
Elverum Handball and Abanca Ademar Leon also sharpened their arsenal during the break. They both had narrow one-goal wins in Round 5 but turned up the heat for more secure victories this time: Elverum 28:25 against Riihimen Cocks and Leon 24:21 against Wacker Thun.
The results left both Cocks and Wacker still in search for their first win in the VELUX EHF Champions League. While Cocks are playing on the big stage for the first time and had six attempts so far, Wackers wait for a victory is lasting for 16 matches in total now.
Wind Effects on Civil Engineering Structures (Studies in Wind Engineering and Industrial Aerodynamics, Vol 2) (English and Czech Edition)
This book contains the fundamentals of a discipline, which could be called Structural Analysis in Microelectronics and Fiber Optics. It deals with mechanical behavior of microelectronic and fiber-optic systems and is written in response to the crucial need for a textbook for a first in-depth course on mechanical problems in microelectronics and fiber optics. The emphasis of this book is on electronic and optical packaging problems, and analytical modeling. This book is apparently the first attempt to select, advance, and present those methods of classical structural mechanics which have been or can be applied in various stress-strain problems encountered in "high technology" engineering and some related areas, such as materials science and solid-state physics. The following major objectives are pursued in Structural Analysis in Microelectronic and Fiber-Optic Systems: Identify structural elements typical for microelectronic and fiber-optic systems and devices, and introduce the student to the basic concepts of the mechanical behavior of microelectronic and fiber-optic struc tures, subjected to thermally induced or external loading. Select, advance, and present methods for analyzing stresses and deflections developed in microelectronic and fiber-optic structures; demonstrate the effectiveness of the methods and approaches of the classical struc tural analysis in the diverse mechanical problems of microelectronics and fiber optics; and give students of engineering, as well as practicing engineers and designers, a thorough understanding of the main princi ples involved in the analytical evaluation of the mechanical behavior of microelectronic and fiber-optic systems.
2008 Conference on Optical Fiber Communication/National Fiber Optic Enginee ... by Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers
Distributed and Multiplexed Fiber Optic Sensors V: 22-23 June 1995 Munich, ... by John P. Dakin, Alan D. Kersey
Memoirs of the Second World War: An Abridgement of the Six Volumes of the Second World War With an Epilogue by the Author on the Postwar Years With MAPS and DIAGRAMS
The Birth and Maturity of Canadian Air Transport Anecdotes from the Past (S P (Society of Automotive Engineers))
The first picture is a picture Attractive 36 Inch Bathroom Vanity New Most Popular Regarding Remodel 6 42 40 38 48, the image has been in named with : Attractive 36 Inch Bathroom Vanity New Most Popular Regarding Remodel 6 42 40 38 48, This image was posted on category : Architecture, have resolution : 844x844 pixel. This posting entitled Attractive 36 Inch Bathroom Vanity New Most Popular Regarding Remodel 6 42 40 38 48, and many people looking for about Attractive 36 Inch Bathroom Vanity New Most Popular Regarding Remodel 6 42 40 38 48 from search engine.
Hello I am Marion Alvin, September 11th, 2018, This is my post about Attractive 36 Inch Bathroom Vanity New Most Popular Regarding Remodel 6 42 40 38 48, on this page you can see so beautiful design about Attractive 36 Inch Bathroom Vanity New Most Popular Regarding Remodel 6 42 40 38 48, the first picture in this post is the best picture we use about Attractive 36 Inch Bathroom Vanity New Most Popular Regarding Remodel 6 42 40 38 48, detail on photo's above, you can see in the second paragraph.
Because of the Attractive 36 Inch Bathroom Vanity New Most Popular Regarding Remodel 6 42 40 38 48 had many other pictures are related like, then you can choose it in gallery below. So it can be one of your inspirations in designing your own. You will see more pictures of Attractive 36 Inch Bathroom Vanity New Most Popular Regarding Remodel 6 42 40 38 48 similar to this one from below. Enjoy this gallery!. Back to post: Incredible 36 Inch Bathroom Vanities
Show search form  - Select Page - -  -  -  - Breakers -    -  -    -   -    -   :   ,    -  -    // -    -  -  ,   ? -     -   -  
Annual membership fee is of just 40 Dollars for existing members and they can renew their membership for year 2016
Subject to errors, omissions, prior withdrawal, lease or sale without notice. You have received this property communication because you have opted in to receive e-mail messages during a visit to one of our properties, our website, or because we obtained your name from our national or local realtor directory. We value your privacy. Green Capital Realty Advisors, LLC never sells or shares e-mail addresses with any other parties. If you wish to be removed from the list, please reply with REMOVE in the subject line or by calling 561.998.2427 and asking to be removed.
Mariam. my aim is always to please and provide exactly the service you want. that way i know you will want to return again. i far prefer to establish a friendly and caring relationship to get to know and understand each other so that we can be comfortable in each others company.
Jayla. i am an travel independent female companion based in prague. i am very open-minded and provide full service including a true girl-friend experience. you will find me to be straightforward, honest, truthful and very easy-going.
Recent news and developments in Infinity Engine Modding; also available as an RSS and a Twitter feed.
The DragonLance Total Conversion Editor Pro (DLTCEP) is an unofficial game file editor/checker/browser for Infinity Engine games. Data file updates and technical support are available here.
A WeiDU-based suite of tools to help find errors and bugs in game files. Currently only for BG2 and available from the downloads page.
The Infinity Engine Structures Description Project (IESDP) is an effort to research the workings of the BioWare Infinity Engine, and act as a collective resource for those interested in such workings. This forum is a place to collect new research and data to be integrated into the IESDP.
The Multi-Install Tool is a simple program which allows multiple installs of Baldur's Gate II at a minimal size. This tool is available from the Downloads page.
Questions, feedback, and support for some of the smaller released mods go here. Currently covering all portrait packs, BG2 Alternate Soundtrack Mod, Blonde Imoen, Corthala Romantique, Every Mod and Dog, Geomantic Sorcerer, Haldamir, Imoen Is Stone, Improved BAMs, Improved Horns of Valhalla, Keldorn Romance, Mod Kit Remover, Moinesse's Avatars, P&P Celestials, Shards of Ice, Sorcerer's Place Collection, and Totemic Cernd.
Find jastey's Ajantis mods here: an expansion on BG1 Ajantis, a BGII mod that introduces Ajantis as a joinable NPC into the SoA and ToB part of the game, and a portrait pack for the paladin of Helm.
Alternatives offers two new possibilities to consider when choosing allies in Baldur's Gate II: Shadows of Amn.
This NPC mod for BG2: SoA features Amber, the headstrong yet irresistible tiefling rogue. As tieflings often do, she may initially appear withdrawn, suspicious and restless, but whoever manages to gain her trust will find much more beneath.
Angelo Dosan is an NPC mod for BG2, based on the fighter-turned-mage who served as your brother's henchman in Baldur's Gate. You may remember that he sentenced you to death and fought against you in the Undercity. Most likely he didn't survive your game, but people in this world seem to have a knack for not staying dead. .
Auren Aseph is a young and eager fighter from Beregost. She was born to a middle class merchant and his wife, and grew up a headstrong girl. She will offer you her friendship and will romance another NPC.
The BG1 NPC Project adds a great deal of content by expanding the depth of character and levels of interaction with the NPCs from the Baldur's Gate game. Requires BG1Tutu or BGT. Support for the BG1 NPC Portrait Pack will also be handled here.
BGQE is a mini-mod for all BG games: "vanilla" BG (with or without the add-on Tales of the Sword Coast), BG1Tutu v4, EasyTutu, or BGT. It adds several small quests and encounters to the game, including the "slime quest", jastey's former stand alone BG mini quest mod.
The Beaurin Legacy introduces an elven Enchanter/Thief and a hidden NPC to BGII:SoA and BGII:EE. Minyae Beaurin can be found outside of the Crooked Crane in the City Gates. The mod includes custom portraits, a friendship track, numerous banters and interjections, encounters and quest(s), voicing for both NPCs (However, Minyae is fully voiced), a romance with a Bioware NPC, player-initiated dialogues, and a custom friendship track theme.
The BG2 Fixpack is an ongoing project to finally fix the last remaining bugs and errors left after numerous official patches and unofficial fixpacks.
Home of discussion, bug reports, and suggestions for Cirerrek's series of AI Scripts here, such as eSeries, gMinion, tSeries, iSeries, and Scriptable Spells.
The Crossmod Banter Pack adds new banters, romance conflicts, and interjections between various Baldur's Gate II mods.
The Divine Remix mod aims to rebalance and change several aspects of divine-magic-using classes (clerics, paladins, druids, and rangers) in Baldur's Gate (via BG1Tutu) and Baldur's Gate II. The mod originally began as Cleric Remix.
This mod adds the new NPC Gavin to Baldur's Gate Tutu or Baldur's Gate Trilogy games. Gavin can be found outside the Song of the Morning Temple, near Beregost. Gavin is a cleric of Lathander.
G3A was created to celebrate G3's one year anniversary. This is a quest mod for Baldur's Gate II. Discuss, report bugs, and offer suggestions here.
Come on in to discuss or get support for the the IWD Fixpack, Unfinished Business for IWD, or Item Upgrade for IWD. The IWD Tweak Pack has been discontinued in favor of Tweaks Anthology.
Wisp's Item Randomiser affects approximately 100 items in Baldur's Gate (including TotSC) and approximately 130 items in Baldur's Gate II (including ToB). Item Randomiser will randomly distribute these items throughout the game world.
The IWD2 NPC Project adds joinable, talkative NPCs into IWD2. The mod can be used to import a six-person pre-made talkative party, or you can create the protagonist and add five NPCs that will then initiate both inter-party banter and banter with your protagonist.
IWDification is a mod to bring some of the elements of Icewind Dale into the Baldur's Gate series of games. A lot of this project is based upon the work of the IWD-in-BG2 conversion project. The mod adds various elements such as selectable bard songs, two-handed axes, and over 65 new spells into your BG2, Tutu, BGT, or BGEE game. Every component can be installed independently of one another.
Previously known as Kivan of Shilmista, Kivan and Deheriana Companions for BG2 adds a joinable NPC from BG, Kivan, and under certain circumstances, his elven wife Deheriana to the cast of BG2 actors. This mod is a telling of one of the most romantic stories of BG.
Level One NPCs is a mod that allows for ultimate flexibility with the classes and kits for the BG2 BioWare NPCs. The mod allows the player to select class and kit for every NPC and start them from level one, allowing player distribution of proficiencies and skills.
The NPC Kitpack endeavors to give the BioWare NPCs kits that are more suited to their backgrounds. It uses in-game references, the NPC's abilities and P&P sourcebooks to design new kits for several NPCs. This mod has been released as an open beta.
The NPC Tweak mod changes certain aspects of Baldur's Gate II NPCs. It hopes to bring them more in line with the character presented, and/or to make them more useful without deviating from their character.
Oversight provides corrected alignment and class assignments throughout BG2, improves cleric and monk abilities, and puts new power in the hands of one of the Five.
Romantic Encounters mod is a vast collection of romantic adventures with joinable and non-joinable, existing and completely new NPCs for Baldur's Gate II. Some of these encounters have adult content.
Baldur's Gate Romantic Encounters Modification (BG1RE) is a mod for "vanilla" BG1 (requires TotSC), BG1Tutu v4, EasyTutu, BGT, and BG:EE, adding several encounters and quests all over the game.
Sarah is a ranger NPC mod for BG2. She is a relatively shy but determined person who admits to loving nature more than people, but then again, perhaps she just hasn't found the right person yet.
This mod adds many options to those who use rogues and bards in BG2 or BG Tutu. The mod makes several changes to thieves and bards as well as offering new items, merchants, and kits. The standalone Sharpshooter Thief Kit mod has been deprecated as it is now included in the Song and Silence mod.
Sword and Fist adds new options for those using warrior classes: Fighters, Monks and perhaps eventually Barbarians. It is designed for use with either Baldur's Gate Tutu, Baldurs Gate Trilogy, or Baldur's Gate II.
Sword Coast Stratagems (SCS) is a mod for Tutu or Baldur's Gate Trilogy. It seeks to enhance AI for various encounters as well as offering some tweaks, rule changes, and other enhancements.
Sword Coast Stratagems II (SCS II) is a collection of mini-mods for Baldur's Gate II, affecting both Shadows of Amn and the Throne of Bhaal extension. Like its Tutu predecessor, SCS II is mostly a tactics mod, intended to make the combats in the game more challenging and interesting. SCS II is currently an open beta.
Suggest ideas, report bugs, and discuss the tweaks for the Tweaks Anthology. BG1 Tweaks, BG2 Tweaks, IWD Tweaks, IWD2 Tweaks, and PsT Tweaks have been deprecated, and their content continued in the multi-platform Tweaks Anthology mod.
Need someone dead? Download the Vynd NPC mod for BG:EE and BGTuTu and add an irreverent drow assassin to your adventuring party. Currently in beta.
The Wheels of Prophecy is a content-enhancing mod for the Throne of Bhaal expansion, mostly affecting chapter 9. It aims to make ToB more nonlinear and increase roleplay potential.
Aklon is a mod that introduces a new male monk NPC, romancable by females of all races, for Baldur's Gate II: Shadows of Amn and Baldur's Gate II: Throne of Bhaal.
Aran Whitehand is a new male NPC currently under development, romanceable by females of all races and alignments, for Baldur's Gate II: Shadows of Amn and Baldur's Gate II: Throne of Bhaal. Visit here to watch code in progress along with modder discussion of coding choices.
Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition Trilogy (EET) is a modification for BGII: Enhanced Edition that merges the whole saga into one game and provides continuity between the events of Baldur's Gate, Tales of the Sword Coast, Shadows of Amn, Throne of Bhaal and the upcoming Siege of Dragonspear expansion.
The IWD1Tutu project is an attempt at converting the original Icewind Dale game (HoW/TotL) so it can be played using the Icewind Dale II game engine.
This mod currently in development expands Yoshimo's role and character. Please note: much of the discussion and development of this mod is classified as a "spoiler". Come visit after your first playthrough of SoA.
Kit Revisions aims to rebalance and tweak the classes and kits available in the Baldur's Gate II engine. Notable priorities include making all kit choices equally interesting, providing unkitted characters with similar capabilities to kitted ones, ensuring that kits are effectively balanced in Tutu and BGT, and expanding upon the concepts behind individual kits and classes.
Questions, feedback, and support for some of the smaller released mods go here. Currently covering The Requiem and the OC Companions in MotB mods.
The Romance Pack for the NWN2 OC-MotB adds romance and flirts to your NWN2 game. It offers flirts for Bishop, Casavir, Elanee, Neeshka, Gann, and Safiya; full romantic tracks for Bishop and Casavir; and a Castle Wall scene for Bishop and Neeshka. It also features romantic epilogues for the four OC characters in the MotB portion of the game. This mod is available from the downloads page.
Please take a moment to review these rules detailed below. If you agree with them and wish to proceed with the registration, simply click the "Register" button below. To cancel this registration, simply hit the 'back' button on your browser.Please remember that we are not responsible for any messages posted. We do not vouch for or warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any message, and are not responsible for the contents of any message.The messages express the views of the author of the message, not necessarily the views of this bulletin board. Any user who feels that a posted message is objectionable is encouraged to contact us immediately by email. We have the ability to remove objectionable messages and we will make every effort to do so, within a reasonable time frame, if we determine that removal is necessary.You agree, through your use of this service, that you will not use this bulletin board to post any material which is knowingly false and/or defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, vulgar, hateful, harassing, obscene, profane, sexually oriented, threatening, invasive of a person's privacy, or otherwise violative of any law.You agree not to post any copyrighted material unless the copyright is owned by you or by this bulletin board.
Enjoy these short quizzes as part of your review for the Architecture Board Exams. (Note: you can only take the quiz once on one IP address or computer. If you want to repeat the quiz, you may use another computer or another IP address)
Most people are other people. Their thoughts are someone else's opinions, their lives a mimicry, their passions a quotation.
Does the New Baptist Covenant represent the dawning of a new day of unity in Baptist life? Discuss the ongoing Covenant meetings here.
The place to discuss four centuries of Baptist history and heritage, from Thomas Helwys and Roger Williams to the present.
In total there are 8 users online :: 2 registered, 0 hidden and 6 guests (based on users active over the past 5 minutes)
I just started on it and it's supposed to be a list of basic packages required to use particular programming languages and a small list of commonly used packages for development. Currently there's just Smalltalk and Tcl/Tk listed but I'm hoping to get some Python and PHP packages listed.
I think it's helpful to have something like this in one place because I know that I've had to Google around and read through a bunch of wikis in order to find packages before I could do anything useful in a programming language.
It's not meant to be a page listing tutorials or instructions for languages, just a quick short list of packages needed before you can program with them.
Jump to: Select a forum ------------------ BLAG announcements support open discussion development politics non-free
Either way, the objective should be to make the company's presence felt in various different forums is greater than the traditional buyers who prefer them with a 70% probability. This can be attributed to the fact that the money-making be on the application part or on the coding part. If your product can't satisfy or supplement the demands for the effectiveness of your marketing campaigns, you will have to understand the analytics. It can be done by spreading word about it through blogs, education is one of the first things that you will need to do.
Support for Custom Requirements:- This software provides customizable support for features related to personal requirements, such as, if you wish to build an e-commerce website, and blogs, and the code will be dynamically generated by the software. Google Adsense Google Adword and Google AdSense, the concepts of search engine your decision will be because you know, not that many people visit a dead ended ally on purpose. What is Google Page Rank Advertisement Google Page Rank refers to the link analysis algorithm that is used by webmaster forums all over the world - What makes a great website? Blogging If your blog can generate traffic and your writing is able to attract themes, and/or plug-ins which is not even required, given the wide range of free themes and plug-ins available .
A non-invasive procedure using magnetic pulses to stimulate the brain may be more effective in treating multiple sclerosis (MS) and other patients if the rate of stimulation is slowed, a new study suggests, finding that neurons tire with overstimulation and may fail to respond.
The research, Less might be more: Conduction failure as a factor possibly limiting the efficacy of higher frequencies in rTMS protocols, was published in the journal Frontiers in Neuroscience.
The procedure  repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS)  is used to treat major depression, stroke or movement disorders. During rTMS, doctors place an electromagnetic device against the scalp, near the forehead, and use magnetic pulses to stimulate specific brain regions. In MS patients, prior research has shown that rTMS eases depression and may aid working memory.
But researchers are still working to optimize the timing of these magnetic pulses to make rTMS a more effective, and more accurate, tool. A better optimized pulse schedule could also help therapists in spotting and tracking stimulation spots in the brain.
An Israeli and German research team set out investigate different rTMS stimulation patterns and their efficiency. They analyzed 57 studies with protocols for depression and pain, but found conflicting results and no clear guideline for the temporal organization of brain stimulations, Ido Kanter, a study author with Bar-Ilan University, in Israel, said in a press release.
They used those studies to set up patterns and, among other parameters, analyzed inter-train interval (ITI), which refers to the time period between consecutive stimulations.
Their findings seemed to clearly indicate that fewer brain stimulations  a so-called less is more strategy  were preferable, as neurons stop responding when stimulated too quickly.
The health and medical information on our website is not intended to take the place of advice or treatment from health care professionals. It is also not intended to substitute for the users relationships with their own health care/pharmaceutical providers.
Recognize this actress? @SelmaBlair was diagnosed with #multiplesclerosis in August. Anyone can get this disease, h https://t.co/MOx4Tzjhip5 hours ago
In honor of all the men and women who served and continue to serve this country, "Happy Veterans Day!" BioPlus than https://t.co/2CSFX4jIK8yesterday
The BioPlusHealth app is here for you: to learn about treatment, diseases, connect with your pharmacist for any que https://t.co/yjanrb6pOj2 days ago
The Translation service allows you to easily translate from Catalan to Malay language with one click of the mouse. It includes a set of language tools to facilitate your translation job: multilingual Virtual keyboard, Spell-checker, Dictionary, Russian decoder and Transliteration, Text to Speech, Back translation and others. The translator interface is localized to 23 languages to target a native speaking audience.
The Catalan online translation may give you pretty good translation results. But you can try to make the translation even more accurate by using the back translation feature. Try to re-write the original text or to choose other words, and see if the back translation shows translation close to the original text.
For a first contact with Eigen, the best place is to have a look at the getting started page that show you how to write and compile your first program with Eigen.
Then, the quick reference pages give you a quite complete description of the API in a very condensed format that is specially useful to recall the syntax of a particular feature, or to have a quick look at the API. They currently cover the two following feature sets, and more will come in the future:
The main documentation is organized into chapters covering different domains of features. They are themselves composed of user manual pages describing the different features in a comprehensive way, and reference pages that gives you access to the API documentation through the related Eigen's modules and classes.
Under the Extending/Customizing Eigen section, you will find discussions and examples on extending Eigen's features and supporting custom scalar types.
Under the General topics section, you will find documentation on more general topics such as preprocessor directives, controlling assertions, multi-threading, MKL support, some Eigen's internal insights, and much more...
Since the previous 3.3-alpha1 release, this beta version introduces several fixes, as well as some novel features such as new array functions (rsqrt, sign, lgamma, erf, erfc), row/column-wise lpNorm, LU::transpose()/adjoint() API, support for matrix-free iterative solvers, improved sparse matrix filling and products, and more.
If you missed the major novelties introduced in the 3.3-alpha1 version, here is a brief summary of the most exciting ones: novel expression template engine, fast divide and conquer SVD, support for AVX and VSX vector instructions, more OpenMP parallelism, a LS-CG solver.
Check the page dedicated to the 3.3 release for a comprehensive review of all the novelties and improvements introduced in the 3.3 branch.
As for any beta release, everybody is highly encouraged to test this release on their own basecode and report any compilation issue or performance regression on the bugtracker.
1960 Pilastro Tomado three section wall unit with Light, four shelves and Magazine rack designed by Tjerk Reijenga for Tomado Holland (price on request).
XXL 1960 Pilastro Tomado five section wall unit with Desk, Light six shelves, Magazine rack and two Cabinets designed by Tjerk Reijenga for Tomado Holland (price on request).
I just love the pretty floral stamps in the store, they are perfect for all occasions!! This Iris flower is just one of many.
I was once a purple lover and had purchased a few craft items in various shades and felt this was the perfect time to use them. Since I love flowers in general I added opened and closed roses alongside the image.
Hi all! Here's an adorable image from the IBFS Digital Stamp shop! (Click HERE to go see this shop!) This stamp is Freddie the Frog chewing some bubble gum. The great stamp in this background comes from IBFS and is an image of a maze that I lightly stamped in with colorbox chalk ink. There's a whole group of great digi images for you to pick from and a whole group of wonderful Freddie Frogs that are TOO cute.
Company! I used this adorable camper image from The Great Outdoors to make my card. It's part of the Humorous Seniors Collection. I can't wait to ink up the other stamps in this set!
I hope you are enjoying your summer! We are keeping busy, enjoying the outdoors. It seems like summer is flying by and before we know it fall and school for those with children will be upon us!
I participated in a few challenges with this card and I chose the I BRAKE FOR STAMPS Birds and Butterflies plate... I love nature, and the beauty of GOD's creation...I also love creating cards using techniques and this card uses the Technique Junkie Newsletter technique called Background Whimsy, Dye Ink Method.
I was in a local craft store the other day and saw this was published in the newest Scrap and Stamp magazine. Sept issue 2010. I had no idea, Yeah!!!!
Here's a wonderful stamp from a stamp set sold at I Brake for Stamps. The image was stamped with black Memento ink and colored with Copic markers. The background was stamped in white stazon ink.
I just can't get enough of the gorgeous floral images at IBFS! I thought this sentiment was perfect for my sometimes "the glass is half empty" thoughts and these Long Rosebuds . . .
Hello! I hope you are having a sunny day! We have scattered showers here in Wisconsin,with tiny glimpses of sunshine...
On todays project, I used I BRAKE FOR STAMPS Birds and Butterflies Collage Sheet. This gorgeous collage is so much fun to color, but for those of you who do not care to color, it is stunning just stamped in one color or used on a sheet you created using a technique or Glimmer Mist!
I used a technique here called "Modern Grid" from the April 2007 TJ Newsletter. Images colored in with Watercolor Pencils. I used This sheet :)
Here's a fun bird stamp that I recently got. I also used several background stamps to add to the card along with some word stamps as well. Two of the papers used on this card come from Pressed Petals and have some printing on them, which gives an added layered look to the card.
This card uses beautiful stamps. I love the face image of the baby child on this card, it goes perfect with the saying found on Inspiration plate #3. I used copic markers to color in the image and Colorbox Chalk to dust the edges of the card.
The card I am sharing with you today is from I BRAKE FOR STAMPS and uses the Technique called Faux Etched Copper from the Technique Junkies Newsletter.
Had a little fun today with Alcohol inks-I used one of Tim Holtz's techniques for the background on this called "Alcohol Ink Monoprint"
I thought this image from the Birds and Butterflies Collage set would be perfect for a Thank You card.
I wanted to try something a bit different, and I love this stamp set called Collage Faces. This card uses the Technique Junkie Newsletter June/ July 2010 Edition and their Glimmer Marbling technique. This card shimmers in real life!
I Brake For Stamps is also the home of Auntie Amy's Embossing Arts, Time To Stamp Stamps and more. We also carry the Stampinback line from The Netherlands.
Fanyu Lin, young architect from China, joins New York Fluxus Foundation on developing innovative Prefabricated Mass Building System.
Knowledge as Art: Chance, Computability, and Improving Education Thomas Bayes, Alan Turing, George Maciunas
Fanyu Lin, young architect from China, collaborates with Fluxus Foundation, NY, in designing Fluxcity, Prefabricated Building System.
Fluxus as architecture argues for the structural coherence of George Maciunass universal language by Randy Gener
Fanyu Lin, young architect from China, joins New York Fluxus Foundation on developing innovative Prefabricated Mass Building System
A life-long interest in movement has led me to become a kinesiologist and somatic movement educator. I explore what it means to be an embodied being, living in relationship to seasonal rhythms & tides while living & working in an urban setting.
In support of this inquiry, for many years my personal practice has included sensory awareness, perceptual, and movement explorations that are grounded in the approaches of Continuum and Continuum Montage (of Susan Harper), as well as in the Body and Earth work (of Caryn McHose and Andrea Olsen).
Participating in Global Water Dances offered me an opportunity to convene a community movement ceremony to share my love of movement, my appreciation of the poetry of life, and to sense more deeply our interconnection with water.
The city of Vancouver exists on the unceded territory of the Coast Salish peoples. There were over 50 streams on this land  these were covered over/ put into culverts as the city was developed.
Still Creek is one of the remaining freely-flowing streams in Vancouver. The surrounding area, Renfrew Ravine, was treated as an unofficial dumping ground. Through the stewardship of the Still Moon Arts Society, Renfrew Community Centre, and others, the Ravine and the creek have been cleaned up. As a result, for the past several years, salmon have returned to this urban stream.
The sounds of the Creek and the ambient sounds of the Renfrew Park neighborhood. We will also sing a folk song: The River is Flowing
a community movement ceremony to honour water in one of the few, freely-flowing streams in Vancouver.
The recovery of Still Creek demonstrates how care and attention can support a vibrant natural environment in an urban setting.
If you would like to participate in the co-creation of the event as a community dancer, please contact Amy or check out our website for information about practice sessions at Renfrew Ravine in May and June.
The Still Moon Arts Society has been the primary stewards of Still Creek and Renfrew Ravine: http://stillmoon.org/
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 3, 2013 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Zogenix Inc. (Nasdaq:ZGNX), a pharmaceutical company commercializing and developing products for the treatment of central nervous system disorders and pain, today announced positive single-dose pharmacokinetic (PK) results from the Phase 1 clinical trial of Relday, an investigational candidate of a proprietary, once-monthly subcutaneous formulation of risperidone for the treatment of schizophrenia. Adverse events in the Phase 1 trial in patients diagnosed with schizophrenia were generally mild to moderate and consistent with other risperidone products.
Based on the favorable safety and PK profile demonstrated with the 25 mg and 50 mg once-monthly doses tested in the Phase 1 trial, Zogenix has extended the current study to include a 100 mg dose of the same formulation. The addition of this dose arm to the study will enable evaluation of dose proportionality across the full dose range that would be anticipated to be used in clinical practice. Positive results from this study extension would better position Zogenix to begin a multi-dose clinical trial, which would provide the required steady-state PK and safety data prior to initiating Phase 3 development studies. Zogenix expects to complete the extension of the Phase 1 clinical trial during the second quarter of 2013.
Roger L. Hawley, chief executive officer of Zogenix, said, "The positive results from the first Relday study provide proof-of-concept for a novel, long-acting, subcutaneous formulation of an established antipsychotic to provide psychiatrists and their patients with an improved treatment option. Because the PK profile, overall safety results and injection site reactions were all favorable, we can now begin discussions with potential partners for rest-of-world development and commercialization as we continue with the 100 mg single-dose study extension of Relday. We believe the data from all three dosage strengths will allow us to accelerate both the 505(b)(2) development timeline and the potential identification of an appropriate partner prior to starting the multi-dose clinical trial."
Because this approach involves selecting the dose by administering different volumes of the same formulation by a healthcare professional, the development of Relday will first focus on delivery by conventional needle and syringe while accelerating the overall program timeline. The introduction of the DosePro needle-free technology can occur later in development or as part of life cycle management after further work involving formulation development, technology enhancements, and applicable regulatory approvals.
Risperidone is one of the most widely prescribed medications used to treat the symptoms of schizophrenia in adults and teenagers 13 years of age and older. The global long-acting injectable antipsychotic market was approximately $2 billion in 2011. The leading injectable product in the category requires twice-a-month dosing, intramuscular injection and drug reconstitution prior to use. The combined market for oral and injectable antipsychotic products was estimated at more than $17 billion in 2011.
If approved, Relday will be the first subcutaneous antipsychotic product that allows for once-monthly dosing. Zogenix believes that Relday will offer an improved PK profile, significant reduction in injection volume and a simplified dosing regimen due to DURECT's (NASDAQ: DRRX) SABER controlled-release depot technology. In July 2011, Zogenix licensed from DURECT exclusive global rights to develop and commercialize this proprietary formulation which utilizes DURECT's SABER depot technology.
The Phase 1 clinical trial for Relday was conducted as a single-center, open-label, safety and PK trial of 30 patients with chronic, stable schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder. The study will be extended to include an additional cohort of 10 patients at a 100 mg dose.
Zogenix, Inc. (Nasdaq:ZGNX), with offices in San Diego and Emeryville, California, is a pharmaceutical company commercializing and developing products for the treatment of central nervous system disorders and pain. Zogenix's first commercial product, SUMAVEL DosePro (sumatriptan injection) Needle-free Delivery System, was launched in January 2010 for the acute treatment of migraine and cluster headache. Zogenix's lead investigational product candidate, Zohydro ER (hydrocodone bitartrate), is an oral, extended-release formulation of various strengths of hydrocodone, without acetaminophen, intended for administration every 12 hours for around the clock management of moderate to severe chronic pain. In May 2012, Zogenix submitted to the FDA a New Drug Application for Zohydro ER and was assigned a PDUFA target action date of March 1, 2013 by the FDA. Zogenix's second investigational product candidate, Relday, is a proprietary, long-acting injectable formulation of risperidone for the treatment of schizophrenia; an investigational new drug application was submitted to the FDA in May 2012.
Zogenix cautions you that statements included in this press release that are not a description of historical facts are forward-looking statements. Words such as "believes," "anticipates," "plans," "expects," "indicates," "will," "intends," "potential," "suggests," "assuming" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are based on the company's current beliefs and expectations. These forward-looking statements include statements regarding delivery and dosing benefits of Relday to both the patient and clinician, initiation of a multi-dose clinical trial and Phase 3 development studies for Relday, timing of completion of the extension of the Phase 1 trial, discussions with potential partners for rest-of-world development and commercialization of Relday, Zogenix's steps to accelerate both the 505(b)(2) development timeline and the potential identification of an appropriate partner for Relday, the introduction of DosePro technology and the timing thereof, the ability of such product to address the global anti-psychotic market, and the ability to develop a once-monthly injectable product with improved pharmacokinetics and significant reduction in injection volume,. The inclusion of forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by Zogenix that any of its plans will be achieved. Actual results may differ from those set forth in this release due to the risk and uncertainties inherent in Zogenix's business, including, without limitation: the uncertainties associated with the clinical development and regulatory approval of product candidates such as Relday, including potential delays in enrollment and completion of clinical trials; Zogenix's dependence on its collaboration with DURECT Corporation to develop Relday; inadequate therapeutic efficacy or unexpected adverse side effects relating to Relday that could prevent its development or commercialization; difficulties in identifying, negotiating, executing and carrying out strategic transactions relating to Relday; the market potential for anti-psychotics, and Zogenix's ability to compete within that market; ability to obtain and the validity and duration of patent protection and other intellectual property rights for Relday; and other risks described in the company's prior press releases and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof, and Zogenix undertakes no obligation to revise or update this release to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof. All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. This caution is made under the safe harbor provisions of Section 21E of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!
GlobeNewswire is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
Authored by Dr Laurence Knott, Reviewed by Dr Hayley Willacy on 21 July 2014 | Certified by The Information Standard
Professional Reference articles are designed for health professionals to use. They are written by UK doctors and based on research evidence, UK and European Guidelines. You may find the Meningitis article more useful, or one of our other health articles.
Meningitis is an inflammation of the leptomeninges and underlying subarachnoid cerebrospinal fluid (CSF).[1]The inflammation may be caused by infection with viruses, bacteria, other micro-organisms, or non-infective causes.
Viral meningitis is more common and usually more benign than bacterial meningitis but all cases of suspected meningitis should be managed as though having bacterial meningitis, until proven otherwise. Meningococcal disease is the leading infectious cause of death in early childhood. It presents as bacterial meningitis (15% of cases), septicaemia (25% of cases), or as a combination of the two presentations (60% of cases).[2]See also separate article Sepsis (Septicaemia).
Meningitis occurs in people of all age groups but infants, young children and the elderly are more predisposed to meningitis.[3]
Every year around 3,200 cases of bacterial meningitis occur in the UK.[4]3,000 cases of viral meningitis were reported between 2009-2010 but the actual incidence is likely to be far higher.[5]
The epidemiology of bacterial meningitis in the UK has changed dramatically over a period of two decades following the introduction of vaccines to control Haemophilus influenzae type b, serogroup C meningococcus and pneumococcal disease.[2]
The Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation has recommended the introduction of a new vaccine against group B meningococcal disease to the immunisation schedule at 2, 4 and 12 months.
Patients having spinal procedures (eg, spinal anaesthetics) are at increased risk and Pseudomonas spp. may then be the cause.
Other risk factors include bacterial endocarditis, diabetes mellitus, alcoholism and cirrhosis, intravenous drug abuse, renal insufficiency, adrenal insufficiency, malignancy (increased risk of listerial infection), hypoparathyroidism, thalassaemia major and cystic fibrosis.
Splenectomy and sickle cell disease increase the risk of meningitis secondary to encapsulated organisms.
Crowding (eg, military recruits and college students) increases the risk of outbreaks of meningococcal meningitis.
N. meningitidis: usually local outbreaks among young adults; there is increased incidence in late winter or early spring. Meningococcal meningitis is endemic in parts of Africa, India and other developing nations. Periodic epidemics occur in sub-Saharan Africa as well as among religious pilgrims travelling to Saudi Arabia for the Hajj.
Neonates are at greater risk of meningitis. Risk factors for the development of meningitis include low birth weight (below 2500 g), premature delivery, premature rupture of membranes, traumatic delivery, fetal hypoxia and maternal peripartum infection.
Intrapartum prophylactic antibiotics in pregnant mothers who carry, or who are at risk of colonising, group B streptococci, have been effective in reducing the risk of neonatal group B streptococcal meningitis.
The initial presentation is usually nonspecific with features including raised or unstable temperature, respiratory distress, episodes of apnoea and bradycardia, hypotension, feeding difficulty, irritability and reduced activity.[7]
Meningitis should therefore be considered and included in the urgent investigations of any acutely ill neonate.
In developed countries, the rate of mortality from bacterial meningitis among neonates has decreased but there has not been a significant decrease in long-term complications such as cerebral palsy, learning disability, seizures and hearing impairment.
Mortality following HSV infection of the central nervous system is 4-14%. HSV-1 and HSV-2 have the same risk of mortality but HSV-2 is more often associated with long-term complications such as cerebral palsy, general learning disability, seizures, microcephaly and visual impairment.[8]
CSF has cells but is Gram-stain negative and no bacteria can be cultured on standard media. Causes include:
Fungal infection: fungal meningitis is rare but can be life-threatening. People with immunodeficiency (eg, AIDS, leukaemia, immunosuppressant medication) are at higher risk. Fungal causes of meningitis include infection with Cryptococcus, Histoplasma and Coccidioides species.
A generalised petechial rash, beyond the distribution of the superior vena cava, or a purpuric rash in any location, in an ill child, is strongly suggestive of meningococcal septicaemia and should lead to urgent treatment and referral to secondary care.
The following features in an ill child should prompt consideration of a diagnosis of invasive meningococcal disease: petechial rash, altered mental state, cold hands and feet, extremity pain, fever, headache, neck stiffness, skin mottling.
Meningococcal meningitis and/or septicaemia may also present with capillary refill time more than two seconds, unusual skin colour and hypotension.
Stiff neck (generally not present in children under the age of one year or in patients with altered mental state), back rigidity, bulging fontanelle (in infants), photophobia, opisthotonus (if severe).
Shock: signs of shock include tachycardia and/or hypotension, respiratory distress, altered mental state and poor urine output.
Viral meningitis may be clinically indistinguishable from bacterial meningitis but features may be more mild and complications (eg, focal neurological deficits) less frequent. Any person presenting with suspected meningitis should therefore be managed as having bacterial meningitis until proved otherwise.
Some children and young people will present with mostly nonspecific symptoms or signs and the conditions may be difficult to distinguish from other less important infections presenting in this way. Children and young people under the age of 16 with more specific symptoms and signs are more likely to have bacterial meningitis or meningococcal septicaemia and the symptoms and signs may become more severe and more specific over time.[2]
A study of children aged 16 years or younger with meningococcal disease found that classical signs such as haemorrhagic rash, meningism and impaired consciousness did not tend to appear until after 13-22 hours. However, more nonspecific features such as leg pain, cold hands and feet and abnormal skin colour appeared much earlier with a median onset of 7-12 hours. These earlier features are thus very important in early diagnosis and therefore earlier initiation of potentially life-saving treatment.[11]
One study found that the classic triad of fever, neck stiffness and a change in mental status was present in only 44% of adults presenting with community-acquired acute bacterial meningitis. However, 95% had at least two of the four symptoms of headache, fever, neck stiffness and altered mental status.[12]Most patients with viral meningitis present with subacute neurological symptoms developing over 1-7 days. Chronic symptoms lasting longer than one week suggest meningitis caused by some viruses as well as TB, syphilis or fungi.
LP is performed immediately provided there are no signs of raised intracranial pressure (reduced consciousness, very bad headache, frequent fits) or focal neurology. CT scan is an unreliable investigation to detect raised intracranial pressure:
CSF may be normal in the early stages of meningitis so the LP is usually repeated if symptoms and signs persist.
If a child or young person under the age of 16 has an unexplained petechial rash and fever (or history of fever) the following investigations are often performed in secondary care:
CT scan is usually reserved for those with specific adverse clinical features or when an underlying cause such as mastoiditis is suspected.[14]
Serology of blood, urine and CSF for specific bacterial antigens is occasionally recommended if there is diagnostic doubt or in patients with partially treated meningitis.
Management includes supportive treatment (including fluids, antipyretics, antiemetics), treatment of the causative organism and treatment of any complications - eg, seizures, raised intracranial pressure. See also the articles on specific infections for management of rarer causes of meningitis such as tuberculosis, fungi and parasites.
The general principles of management for all viral meningitis include supportive therapy - eg, analgesia, antipyretics, nutritional support and hydration.
Aciclovir is considered beneficial in treating herpetic viral infections but only if given very early in the course of the infection and evidence for benefit is limited. Intravenous aciclovir should be started immediately if there is any suspicion of herpes simplex encephalitis.
Ganciclovir is effective for cytomegalovirus (CMV) infections but it has significant renal toxicity and close monitoring is mandatory.
Transfer any patient with suspected bacterial meningitis or suspected meningococcal septicaemia to secondary care as an emergency by telephoning 999112/911.
If urgent transfer to hospital is not possible (eg, remote locations or adverse weather conditions), antibiotics should be given to any person with suspected bacterial meningitis.
Management includes supportive treatment with analgesia, antipyretics, nutritional support and hydration.
Do not restrict fluids unless there is evidence of raised intracranial pressure or increased antidiuretic hormone (ADH) secretion.[2]
The choice of antibiotics and the duration of therapy should be guided by the microbiological diagnosis but initial 'blind' antibiotic therapy must be started immediately.
The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) recommendation to children (over 3 months old) is for dexamethasone to be given for suspected or confirmed bacterial meningitis as soon as possible.[2]
Corticosteroids given to patients of all ages with bacterial meningitis have been shown to reduce hearing loss and neurological sequelae significantly but there is no evidence that they reduce overall mortality.[16]
Choice of antibiotic is usually determined by local guidelines and close liaison with a microbiologist.
Children 3 months and older and young people should be given intravenous ceftriaxone as empirical treatment before identification of the causative organism. If calcium-containing infusions are required at the same time, cefotaxime is preferable.
Prevention of secondary case of meningococcal meningitis is usually with rifampicin or ciprofloxacin.[17]
Benzylpenicillin may be given if the organism is penicillin-sensitive but penicillin resistance is becoming an increasing problem.
Children aged 3 months and older and young people - intravenous ceftriaxone for 10 days in total unless directed otherwise by the results of antibiotic sensitivities.
This mainly occurs in babies between the ages of 7-90 days.[19]Intravenous cefotaxime for at least 14 days should be given.[2]
For children under the age of 3 months, intravenous amoxicillin or ampicillin for 21 days in total, plus gentamicin for at least the first seven days.
Subdural effusions: reported in 40% of children aged 1-18 months with bacterial meningitis. Risk factors include young age, rapid onset of illness, low peripheral white cell count and high CSF protein.
Seizures: occur more commonly during the acute stage of the disease. Studies reported that this occurred in 47% of children and 17% of adults with acute bacterial meningitis.[20, 21]
Prognosis depends on the pathogen, the patient's age and condition and the severity of acute illness.
Patients with severe neurological impairment on presentation or with extremely rapid onset of illness, even if treated immediately, have a 50-90% mortality rate and an even higher rate of morbidity.
Meningococcal disease has a better prognosis when meningitis accompanies the septicaemia than when it does not.
The prognosis for viral meningitis is usually excellent, with complete resolution usually within 10 days.
; Clinical profile of neonatal meningitis and analysis of various factors for prognostic significance, 2012.
; Role of imaging in the diagnosis of acute bacterial meningitis and its Postgrad Med J. 2010 Aug86(1018):478-85.
(please bare with my typing, grammar, and spelling as I have to do all this by phone and I try to catch how my phone changes things at time but wont always)I have been suffering from unknown...
Disclaimer: This article is for information only and should not be used for the diagnosis or treatment of medical conditions. high-kick.ru has used all reasonable care in compiling the information but make no warranty as to its accuracy. Consult a doctor or other health care professional for diagnosis and treatment of medical conditions. For details see our conditions.
 high-kick.ru. Registered in England and Wales. All rights reserved. Patient does not provide medical advice, diagnosis or treatment.
 Allowed for you to my website, on this moment I will explain to you about easy mandala coloring pages
What about photograph preceding? will be that will awesome?. if you believe and so, Il l show you a number of image all over again under:
So, if you would like acquire all of these amazing images regarding 10 Incredible Easy Mandala Coloring Pages
, just click save button to store the pictures to your personal pc. They are available for obtain, if you love and want to have it, just click save logo in the article, and it will be immediately down loaded in your pc. At last if you wish to find unique and latest picture related to 10 Incredible Easy Mandala Coloring Pages
, please follow us on google plus or bookmark this site, we attempt our best to give you regular up-date with fresh and new pictures. We do hope you love staying here. For most updates and recent information about 10 Incredible Easy Mandala Coloring Pages
images, please kindly follow us on twitter, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on bookmark section, We attempt to provide you with up grade periodically with fresh and new pictures, love your browsing, and find the perfect for you.
published by at . Today we are delighted to declare that we have discovered an extremelyinteresting contentto be discussed, that is 10 Incredible Easy Mandala Coloring Pages
Opening a new account is completely automated. It only takes a few minutes. You can start uploading and downloading files immediately. The $25 set-up fee will be charged to your credit card.
Our Church, Filipino International Fellowship, seek to glorify God by reaching people for Christ, ministering to the needs of all, providing opportunities for people to grow in Christ, enjoying the fellowship of one another, and worshiping together.
I travel with a small, purple suitcase purchased in Target in 1997 for $39 before I went on my first trip to Sydney. It's seen half the world and most of Australia. I can't bear to let it go. It's still in one piece so there's no need to replace it. And what I love the most about that suitcase is that it cannot possibly fit more than 22 kg, so there's never any danger of being over the weight limit.
The New Zealand trip is completely glamour free, so the make up bag contains the following, as carried in a linen Aesop drawstring bag and a small make up bag.
I quit sugar. Yep. This is the year that I look after myself, so this week I made a pact to quit sugar. I've tried to do this ...
Last week I had the immense pleasure of perusing pretty things over breakfast and coffee with some of Melbourne's wonderful style blogg...
The more complicated my life becomes, the more I have tended to shop of late. I am able to justify buying just about anything as a NEED (ev...
I am such an idiot. I have two huge draws of make up. All high end. I'd say thousands of dollars worth. So I have no idea what pos...
You may remember a month or so ago I contemplated an aviator jacket but worried that I wouldn't be able to pull it off? Fast forward to...
Absolutely loving this one.. Need that first dress! Styled by Olivia and the designer, Amy Smilovic. Can it be summer again, please? ...
"If you're twenty-two, physically fit, hungry to learn and be better, I urge you to travel - as far and as widely as possible. Sleep on floors if you have to. Find out how other people live and eat and cook. Learn from them - wherever you go" - Anthony Bourdain
Guys, since last Friday, and apparently without any changes being made, my Adium client can no longer connect to my work Lync server. Now I know you don't support third party plugins but the account is reporting a read error in the account list.
I was hoping someone could tell me where the Adium error log would be so that I can try and find some more info on the error. I can't see any reference to Adium in the Console :-/
I would suspect this is due to the security update for 10.8.5 which you installed a couple of days ago? That would be a known issue: https://trac.adium.im/ticket/16611
This is something I've noticed, but I don't really know what to make of it. Where does this line come from?
I've looked over all of the canon appearances of Kaitou KID, the manga, the anime, the Detective Conan manga, anime, specials, and movies, and I don't think he ever says that. "Keep up your Pokerface" is much more like KID's motto, and the closest to "no one get's hurt" was a reporter saying "KID steals gems, not lives."
Also, KID hurts people all the time. He knocks them out, traps them in painful, compromising ways, lets them fall down stairs, stuck under heaps of fellow officers - getting tons of bumps, bruises, and being drugged constantly must be part of being in the KID taskforce. Heck, he even tazers Conan! So, how and when did the "No one gets hurt" line come about?
My DC Fanfic: Awaking and Arising - Shiromi writes her version of the end of the series. With 100% more lesbians and immortal zombie boys. And existential crises. Lots of them.
A Kindred Spirit - Sonoko and Makoto realize that they have more in common than previously realized.
Hmm... I don't ever remember anything canon mentioning the 'no one gets hurt' policy. (Unless I'm failing as a Kid fan and forgetting something.) I get the feeling it came from the depths of fanfiction, so finding exactly where it started would be difficult. I think it just came from the general knowledge that it's in Kaito's character to keep others out of danger (setting aside the teasing of the police and the definite OOC moment with the tazer...). He helps others at the risk of his own life, even when they try killing him, so came about the 'no one gets hurt' in the fandom. (By my guessing, anyway. I could be completely wrong.) And in the canon, there are characters that don't believe he would kill, when he's a suspect for murder.
I'm far from the best read about Kid, but I second Raifuujin's opinion about not remembering any motto about not hurting people. I think it is true that Kid does what he can to keep people from being injured more than necessary to perform a trick. Maybe people are extrapolating from this? As Raifuujin pointed out, anyone who is a detective or police seems to be fair game up to a point.
This does seem like something the fandom would create, like the rumor about Shinichi not liking raisins.
Chekhov MacGuffin wrote: This does seem like something the fandom would create, like the rumor about Shinichi not liking raisins.
The raisins thing supposedly originated from a Detective Conan Special chapter. I can't confirm because none of them have been translated as far as I know.
Also I though something like this was said in Magic Kaito at some point, but maybe it is just fanon.
Yeah, the coffee is definitely one of the fanon things.... Him liking a pot of strong coffee, which comes from the fact he drinks iced coffee every now and then. That and Kaito actively painting Hakuba's hair and pranking his classmates. While he does it once it's not seen regularly...
The no one gets hurt thing though, I think it's one of those fanon things as well, though it could be from the cat eye heist... Or even the blue ruby one?
The fact that he doesn't want to really hurt or kill, however, is clear enough. That is, if you don't count the taser moment, but keep in mind he only does it to Conan who has the highest risk factor in his eyes.
I still think it was pretty severely OOC for him to taze Conan. You're really seriously not supposed to use those on children. The voltage can kill them.
That could just be a product of faulty/nonexistent research though, like the Twilight Palace case, where Marijuana supposedly made a group of people into rabid killers. Tazers are often used in fiction as a quick knockout plot device, so the fact that it's potentially deadly, especially for children, probably didn't occur to them.
mangaluva wrote: I still think it was pretty severely OOC for him to taze Conan. You're really seriously not supposed to use those on children. The voltage can kill them.
I can confirm. Conan's dislike of raisins is in Special Volume 2's end chapter "The Melancholy of the Great Detective".
The closest thing I found of Kid not killing or hurting anyone is refer in Case Closed Volume 46 file 8, panel 3, 3rd quote. Conan: I dunno supposedly he never kills.
Kamite wrote: The closest thing I found of Kid not killing or hurting anyone is refer in Case Closed Volume 46 file 8, panel 3, 3rd quote.
Chekhov MacGuffin wrote: I'm far from the best read about Kid, but I second Raifuujin's opinion about not remembering any motto about not hurting people. I think it is true that Kid does what he can to keep people from being injured more than necessary to perform a trick. Maybe people are extrapolating from this? As Raifuujin pointed out, anyone who is a detective or police seems to be fair game up to a point.
Can I Read Books On My Iphone is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Enneagram Ireland is affiliated to Enneagram Studies in the Narrative Tradition and Enneagram Worldwide
The fusion process produces imbedded designs and color into crystal clear glass. The beautiful apples are accented with a brass leaf and stem....
Technology has offered an additional art form by allowing internal laser etching. This design is permanent and dimensional. Measure 31/8" x 2" x 2"....
Bamboo wood pencil holders with dimensional appliques.? Measure approx. 3-1/2" x 3-1/2 x 4-1/2".? Boxed. See also AU65588
Complete your desk accessories with any or all of these exquisite marble pieces. ?Pencil holder measures 2-1/2" x 4-1/4". The paperweight...
Bamboo wood pencil holders with dimensional appliques.? Measure approx. 3-1/2" x 3-1/2 x 4-1/2".? Boxed. See also AU65590
The octagon shaped marble paperweight has an exclusive medallion finished in dual gold tones. Felt bottom pads; measures 3". Gift boxed.
"As Time Goes By" is the tone played by the wood clock. Stands 10"H X 2-1/4"W X 1-1/4"D. Not a Working Clock.
A useful and attractive desk accessory. Cleverly constructed to avail paper clips (included) by rotating the magnetic drum. Measures 4"D x 1...
Genuine marble paperweight. The round paperweight is black marble. Felt bottom pad; approximately 3". Gift boxed.
The genuine marble base accents the two color goldstone exclusive design. The 2 1/2" paperweight is a unique and useful gift. Felt pad included on...
Genuine marble paperweights. The octagon paperweight has an exclusive medallion finish in dual goldtones. Felt bottom pad; approximately 3". Gift...
BeAU-tifully crafted with metal, this heavy paperweight with brass stem will be an attractive addition to any desk or collection. Piece measures 4"H...
Truly a beAU-tiful marble paperweight that a recipient will want to show off. The octagon shaped marble is elevated with an apple and pencil made of...
After suffering a world record 31-0 defeat at the hands of Australia in 2001, the tiny Pacific island of American Samoa - officially the worst football team on earth - are still in search of their first ever competitive win.
When maverick Dutch coach Thomas Rongen arrives on the island to help the team achieve this elusive goal, he discovers that his team consists of an emotionally scarred goalkeeper, a collection of clinically obese 'athletes' and the first transgender player ever to compete at international level. To complicate matters further, their best player has joined the US military and now lives 6000 miles away. They haven't scored a goal for four years.
With the team about to embark on a gruelling World Cup Qualification campaign, Rongen has just one month to transform this ragtag of losers into a winning team - and perhaps learn a little about himself along the way. http://archersmark.co.uk/next-goal-wins/#.UrBX7I3N8Uo
My latest conundrum. I gave up on my starter on my 1992 907ie and took it to a shop. After now replacing my thermostat and tossing my old starter and replacing with a Ducati starter and thermostat, now my battery will be almost dead after sitting for 2 days, so I am keeping it on a battery tender and that is working for now. The shop said that my charging systems works fine when the motor is running, but causes the battery to drain when sitting idle. And they say my rectifier is on it's way out. Is This a likely scenario? Has anyone else had this problem?
I was reading up on charging issues and one thread recommends installing the Roadstercycle SH775 R/R units. Upon looking on his site he subsequently recommends a SH847 r/r Kit.
Does this solution fit my problem? Or what is the consensus on a battery draining completely in 2 days just sitting Idle? Neither I nor the shop can find any shorts that can be causing the battery drain. Or would changing the R/R unit have any effect on idiopathic battery drain?
The SH775 and SH847 are both series regulators and will give your alternator an easier time. If you are changing the regulator one of these would be a good option.
Regarding the battery draining. Remove the 30A fuse between the R/R and the battery. With the ignition switched to OFF connect a multimeter set to read DC current across the fuse socket terminals. If it reads less than 5mA the drain shouldn't really be much of a problem. If it is more than 10mA the regulator definitely need replacing.
You can check for parasitic drains from other circuits by connecting the meter in the same way in place of each of the 15A fuses in turn. The RH fuse supplies the clock, fan and ignition switch and the clock will consume some current and help drain the battery. If I'm laying my bike up for more than a week or so I pull out the RH 15A fuse so that the clock won't pull the battery down.
Of course it could be the battery itself which is faulty. Does it maintain it's voltage if disconnected from the bike?
The battery is fine if disconnected. It's a fairly new battery (3 mos.) and is a Deka brand. Both me and the bike shop looked for voltage drops and couldn't find any. Doesn't mean there are none though. Let me do some more poking around. Maybe there is something I missed. I'll also check the voltage drop across the 30 amp fuse.
when the engine is running do you read at least 2V more when measuring over the battery as when the engine is off?
Just my 2 cents, my feeling is the regulator, however never dismiss other opytions such as the Dash and in particular the CLOCK.
those buggers tend to become very HUNGRY with age and you would never think they drain so much the battery until you test them. In My wife's Alfa Duetto the battery won't last 1 week and the same goes on my old Fiat X1/9 , for both I ended disconnecting the clocks.
My 907ie I always disconnect the battery unless I use it every day... now they do kits for bike so that you can disconnect the battery with a "twist" of a knob, very convenient if you do not use it every day.
One last thing, never assume the battery is good, my last battery for the 907 lasted 2 months despite being kept charged alt all times, now it is only good as a door stopper .
I'm 98% sure the battery is Ok. My old old battery lasted 2 years. Never had a problem until I changed batteries. I'm never buying a battery off of EBay again. I bought a Motobatt. A big heavy battery that was supposed to last 5 years. It wouldn't stay charges long at all. I burned up my starter cranking it with a low battery. Then after 3 starter rebuilds and one more ebay battery, I bought an Odessa battery, another Super battery. It would drain also. Then after getting a New Ducati starter my starter problems are cured, but now I am stuck with batteries draining after a couple of days. I have a Deka battery now and when left on a battery maintainer it seems like a pretty hot battery. I have been thinking about leaving it on the charger or disconnecting the battery wires if going to let it sit up for a while which letting it sit up for six months I think was the beginning of my problems. I have 5 bikes and keeping the 3 that I ride all doing well is a chore, but I love them all. I will just have to get in the habit of regularly rotating their use so they all stay running well and everything working well. I may just learn to live with the battery maintainer on the Ducati and my Yamaha Roadstar Warrior. And the 6 volt trickle charger on my 1938 Zundapp K800. Keeping a battery in good shape is just a fact of life with bikes and 3 of them is just something I will have to do.
Just pull out the 30A fuse when you lay the bike up. If the battery is OK after a day or two then you know that the problem lies with the regulator, in which case replace it. Why continue to struggle with the problem?
Jump to: Select a forum ------------------ ANNOUNCEMENTS ducatipaso.org forums 750 Paso 906 Paso 907IE 750 Sport and 900SS Events for sale / for trade / want to buy Idle Noise Aiming for the Apex Off-topic
If you have any problems with the registration process or your account login, please use contact us.
Sorted By Title Last Post Posted On Number of Replies Number of Views Article By Rating Sort Order Ascending Descending
There are currently 0 members and 204 guests. Most users ever online was 961, 10-30-2018 at 07:55 AM.
The bug reporting page and dev-httpd mailing list are not provided to answer questions about configuration or running Apache. Before you submit a bug report or request, first consult this document, the Frequently Asked Questions page and the other relevant documentation topics. If you still have a question or problem, post it to the novell.devsup.webserver newsgroup, where many Apache users are more than willing to answer new and obscure questions about using Apache on NetWare.
Most of this document assumes that you are installing Apache from a binary distribution. If you want to compile Apache yourself (possibly to help with development, or to track down bugs), see the section on Compiling Apache for NetWare below.
Apache 2.0 is designed to run on NetWare 6.0 service pack 3 and above. If you are running a service pack less than SP3, you must install the latest NetWare Libraries for C (LibC).
Apache 2.0 for NetWare can also be run in a NetWare 5.1 environment as long as the latest service pack or the latest version of the NetWare Libraries for C (LibC) has been installed . WARNING: Apache 2.0 for NetWare has not been targeted for or tested in this environment.
Information on the latest version of Apache can be found on the Apache web server at http://www.apache.org/. This will list the current release, any more recent alpha or beta-test releases, together with details of mirror web and anonymous ftp sites. Binary builds of the latest releases of Apache 2.0 for NetWare can be downloaded from here.
There is no Apache install program for NetWare currently. If you are building Apache 2.0 for NetWare from source, you will need to copy the files over to the server manually.
Follow these steps to install Apache on NetWare from the binary download (assuming you will install to sys:/apache2):
Follow these steps to install Apache on NetWare manually from your own build source (assuming you will install to sys:/apache2):
Edit the HTTPD.CONF file searching for all @@Value@@ markers and replacing them with the appropriate setting
During the build process, adding the keyword "install" to the makefile command line will automatically produce a complete distribution package under the subdirectory DIST. Install Apache by simply copying the distribution that was produced by the makfiles to the root of a NetWare volume (see: Compiling Apache for NetWare below).
To start Apache just type apache at the console. This will load apache in the OS address space. If you prefer to load Apache in a protected address space you may specify the address space with the load statement as follows:
This will load Apache into an address space called apache2. Running multiple instances of Apache concurrently on NetWare is possible by loading each instance into its own protected address space.
Once your basic installation is working, you should configure it properly by editing the files in the conf directory.
When working with Apache it is important to know how it will find the configuration files. You can specify a configuration file on the command line in two ways:
If you don't specify a configuration file name with -f, Apache will use the file name compiled into the server, usually conf/apache2.conf. Invoking Apache with the -V switch will display this value labeled as SERVER_CONFIG_FILE. Apache will then determine its ServerRoot by trying the following, in this order:
The server root compiled into the server is usually sys:/apache2. invoking apache with the -V switch will display this value labeled as HTTPD_ROOT.
Apache 2.0 for NetWare includes a set of command line directives that can be used to modify or display information about the running instance of the web server. These directives are only available while Apache is running. Each of these directives must be preceded by the keyword APACHE2.
Instructs Apache to terminate all running worker threads as they become idle, reread the configuration file and restart each worker thread based on the new configuration.
By default these directives are issued against the instance of Apache running in the OS address space. To issue a directive against a specific instance running in a protected address space, include the -p parameter along with the name of the address space. For more information type "apache2 Help" on the command line.
Apache is configured by reading configuration files usually stored in the conf directory. These are the same as files used to configure the Unix version, but there are a few different directives for Apache on NetWare. See the Apache module documentation for all the available directives.
Because Apache for NetWare is multithreaded, it does not use a separate process for each request, as Apache does on some Unix implementations. Instead there are only threads running: a parent thread, and multiple child or worker threads which handle the requests.
MaxConnectionsPerChild - Like the Unix directive, this controls how many connections a worker thread will serve before exiting. The recommended default, MaxConnectionsPerChild 0, causes the thread to continue servicing request indefinitely. It is recommended on NetWare, unless there is some specific reason, that this directive always remain set to 0.
StartThreads - This directive tells the server how many threads it should start initially. The recommended default is StartThreads 50.
The directives that accept filenames as arguments must use NetWare filenames instead of Unix names. However, because Apache uses Unix-style names internally, forward slashes must be used rather than backslashes. It is recommended that all rooted file paths begin with a volume name. If omitted, Apache will assume the SYS: volume which may not be correct.
NWSSLTrustedCerts - Adds trusted certificates that are used to create secure connections to proxied servers.
NWSSLUpgradeable - Allow a connection created on the specified address/port to be upgraded to an SSL connection.
Compiling Apache requires MetroWerks CodeWarrior 6.x or higher. Once Apache has been built, it can be installed to the root of any NetWare volume. The default is the sys:/Apache2 directory.
Before running the server you must fill out the conf directory. Copy the file HTTPD-STD.CONF from the distribution conf directory and rename it to HTTPD.CONF. Edit the HTTPD.CONF file searching for all @@Value@@ markers and replacing them with the appropriate setting. Copy over the conf/magic and conf/mime.types files as well. Alternatively, a complete distribution can be built by including the keyword install when invoking the makefiles.
AWK utility (awk, gawk or similar). AWK can be downloaded from http://developer.novell.com/ndk/apache.htm. The utility must be found in your windows path and must be named awk.exe.
If you installed to the default location C:\Program Files\Metrowerks\CodeWarrior, you don't need to set this.
Set the environment variable ZLIBSDK to the location where you installed the source code for the ZLib Library, for example:
Set the environment variable PCRESDK to the location where you installed the source code for the PCRE Library, for example:
Set the environment variable APR_WORK to the full path of the apr source code directory. Typically \httpd\srclib\apr but the APR project can be outside of the httpd directory structure.
Make sure that the path to the AWK utility and the GNU make utility (gmake.exe) have been included in the system's PATH environment variable.
Creates a complete Apache distribution with binaries, docs and additional support files in a \dist\Apache2 directory.
Same as install but also creates a \lib and \include directory in the destination directory and copies headers and import files.
Cleans all object files and binaries from the \release.o or \debug.o build areas depending on whether DEBUG has been defined.
By default Apache for NetWare uses the built-in module mod_nw_ssl to provide SSL services. This module simply enables the native SSL services implemented in NetWare OS to handle all encryption for a given port. Alternatively, mod_ssl can also be used in the same manner as on other platforms.
Before mod_ssl can be built for the NetWare platform, the OpenSSL libraries must be provided. This can be done through the following steps:
Download the recent OpenSSL 0.9.8 release source code from the OpenSSL Source page (older 0.9.7 versions need to be patched and are therefore not recommended).
Edit the file NetWare/set_env.bat and modify any tools and utilities paths so that they correspond to your build environment.
For performance reasons you should enable to build with ASM code. Download NASM from the SF site. Then configure OpenSSL to use ASM code:
Before building Apache, set the environment variable OSSLSDK to the full path to the root of the openssl source code directory, and set WITH_MOD_SSL to 1.
Please fill in your details below and one of our friendly team will contact you regarding your application.
Copyright  - Giggle and Learn Childcare Connells Point - All Rights Reserved 2018 - Web Design by Websites for Childcare
Our summer months camp, often known as Kor Camp, provides enjoyable work alternatives for English-native and English-Talking counselors who want to gain an enriching cultural and Specialist encounter working with their TEFL abilities.
Our tesol system locale during the Philippines is situated inside of a town that mixes and ancestral heritage with a contemporary small business environment in the midst of substantial progress. Crowned the ?Queen Metropolis in the South?? Cebu has emerged because the nation?s leading tourist and company location.
Baguio Town was an enormous mountain zone with lush highland forests, teeming with numerous wildlife such as the indigenous cloud rats, Philippine eagles, deers, warty pigs, and various species of floras. The world was a searching ground of the indigenous peoples, notably the Ibalois and various Igorot ethnic teams. Baguio beans through the Philippines?are delivered to main urban marketplaces over the archipelago.)[citation necessary]|Teaching inside our summertime software provides you with a singular chance to exchange language and society that has a vivid, remarkable group of scholars. Our software is effectively structured as well as offers you weekly of paid out vacation with the Drinking water Festival to travel and examine the region.|Our academics take pleasure in regular Specialist improvement classes that happen to be especially targeted that can help them Enhance the teaching and Discovering knowledge.|For company inquiries (Are living tunes&producing music for your small business), Call us by using contact form in Web site|Below Site utilization of spot expert services, simply click Prompt for every Web-site once each day or Prompt for each Web site 1 time only.}
Mahsa T. reported "We enrolled our daughter from the toddler system with Ms. Desiree because the toddler guide. I've had absolutely nothing but great ordeals in her classroom.
Due to this fact, you won't be acquiring your initially paycheck for at least 6 months right after starting off coaching??you happen to be responsible for all of your dwelling costs right up until then??you are|you're|you might be|you happen to be|you will be|that you are} required to have about US4K to begin out in Japan|Setting up backlinks in your interior pages may even assistance search engines like yahoo obtain, crawl and index them. Nofollow hyperlinks from reliable community forums, dialogue boards and social media will even enable crawlers find and index your webpages.|It is just a way for website proprietors to deliver structured information to internet search engine robots; encouraging them to know your information and create effectively-offered search engine results.|localdom. Utilizing an SSL certificate results in an encrypted relationship in between your visitor's browser and your web site's server introducing an extra layer of safety. In 2014, Google introduced that HTTPS would come to be component of their rating algorithm and considering the fact that your website just isn't HTTPS, it can possible rank below your HTTPS rivals. When transferring to HTTPS, observe these best methods for the clean changeover:|The financial activity of Seville cannot be detached from your geographical and concrete context of town; the cash of Andalusia will be the centre of a expanding metropolitan space. Besides traditional neighbourhoods including Santa Cruz, Triana and Other folks, All those further far from the centre, including Nervin, Sevilla Este, and El Porvenir have witnessed new financial growth.|To assist us boost GOV.United kingdom, we?d like to be aware of extra regarding your visit these days. We?ll deliver you a website link to your responses variety. It will take only 2 minutes to fill in. Don?t be concerned we gained?t ship you spam or share your e mail tackle with everyone.|Update your XML sitemap to make sure the URLs involve HTTPS and update the robots.txt file to reference this version|Currently, the tap targets on dewey.com.tw are as well tiny for touchscreen consumers. They ought to be at the least a forty eight pixels peak and width with a minimum of 32 pixels of additional Room on all sides.| listen)) could be the money and major metropolis of the autonomous Local community of Andalusia and also the province of Seville, Spain. It can be situated to the plain with the river Guadalquivir. The inhabitants of the city are called sevillanos (feminine form: sevillanas) or hispalenses, following the Roman name of the town, Hispalis. Seville has a municipal populace of about 703,000 as of 2011[update], as well as a metropolitan inhabitants of about 1.five million, making it the fourth-most significant city in Spain as well as 30th most populous municipality in the ecu Union.|It is important to execute key phrase exploration to obtain an idea of the key phrases that the audience is employing. There are a selection of search term research equipment out there on the internet that can assist you decide on which search phrases to target.|They also can consist of info like your site?s latest updates, frequency of variations and the necessity of URLs.|Also, through summertime, Specially for the duration of Holy Week, vacationers from all over the state flock to town. Through this time, the whole variety of individuals in the city doubles.[35] To support all of these men and women you'll find greater than 80 inns and inns out there.[36] Community festivities like the Panagbenga Festival also attracts both of those regional and international vacationers.|Paris has everything: legendary sights, wonderful meals and a hardly ever ending stream of opportunities. Serious about Understanding French correct in the middle of it? Maybe the dilemma is Why don't you?|A five-line commuter rail service (Cercanas) joins town Together with the Metropolitan location. Seville is around the Pink Ciudades AVE, a Internet developed with Seville next to seventeen key cities of Spain with superior-pace rail.|The compensation plan incorporates housing while in the Estelar residence, all utilities and wifi, a income, overall health insurance policy, vacation pay back, assistance in acquiring a get the job done visa, as well as a bonus fork out in December and at the end of the teacher?s time with us. We also present discount rates on Spanish lessons and lessons, and we Arrange excursions for discounted prices.|??Some capabilities and patterns of the new singaporeair.com may well not Display screen properly on this Variation of the browser. For the very best working experience, update to the newest version.|You will end up instructing English to kids ages three-12. All regular courses are taught with a local training assistant and have twelve college students or less. Critical routines involve arranging and delivering classes, evaluating university student progress and providing ongoing direction for improvement to both equally college students and fogeys.|The General English Classes are made for learners of all concentrations and also have an emphasis on Talking, conversation and a substantial level of learner participation. The target would be to help your accuracy and fluency as you move up the levels from rookie to Superior moreover.|[??????] ???????????????|Progress is gradual, and you will not come across each of the conveniences you may perhaps locate in western nations around the world. Religion and an rigorous satisfaction inside their nation's earlier resonate loudly within most Ethiopians. For Ethiopians, their land has stood out from all African nations and proved by itself to be a singular world of its possess. Dwelling to its different indigenous cultures, languages (much more than 83), script, calendar, the process of time, food items, flora, fauna, and history. Ethiopia is the one African state to battle off colonization correctly. Rock hewn churches, seventeenth-century castles, and island monasteries are just a few of the additional nicely-regarded tourist points of interest. Addis Ababa is pretty Secure with criminal offense levels minimal, Even though pickpockets are popular in crowded places. Transportation within the city is by regional mini bus (prices among one.25 Ethiopian Birr and 3.sixty Ethiopian Birr) or deal taxi (value negotiated ahead of the trip and according to length). Both standard and western food stuff is accessible at the various places to eat and cafes. VISA Procedure:|The 1930s proved to get a tumultuous decade for La Salle, which was virtually bankrupt just after becoming not able to provide the 1240 North Broad Road residence. The main academic constructing on campus, College or university Hall was not able to be concluded due to a lack of cash, and the faculty nearly closed while in the late 1930s.|For those who are interested In this particular position you should mail all paperwork to the email handle specified on The task heading. We require a resume, passport picture in addition to a reference Get hold of (or letter).|The college has well-Geared up laboratories, libraries, Computer system labs, pedagogical centers, spacious athletic compound and fields and creatively built structures that complement the natural magnificence of the several branches of the school all assistance for making College of Tomorrow not only educationally fantastic and also aesthetically gorgeous.|[??????] ??????????|While it can be crucial to be sure each and every page has an tag, only include things like more than one per site in case you are utilizing HTML5. In its place, use a number of - tags.|Obtaining acquainted with extensive sentences by way of shadow speakingPracticing speaking by job fidgeting with classmatesGiving presentations to build self esteem|In the course of training observe there are particular needs that adhere on the community costume code. All trainees are envisioned to costume skillfully according to the following recommendations:}
two. Tuition and an Formal Examination payment is offered to the students till he/she obtains their target rating
the most significant flamenco function throughout the world??and lasts for practically a month. [49]|If I was not been there, I do think could not uncover satisfied. they gave me boost english skill and confidence. If I've opportunity to head over to there, I really hope to head to there once more. I don't learn how to say in below. but when who nevertheless just take into consideration going this academy, trust me. for the reason that no person experience negative or regret. perhaps my grammar is still lousy but I'm able to talk english better than just before. and however be in contact with lecturers. if who want improve english or confidence, you'll want to go there! thanks Every person! thank you academics. I'll overlook you guys!! See More|To start with to Overview Really like this language school. Pilar and Olga have been dealing with me to help you me get my Spanish language expertise back just after several years of not making use of it. They're form but rough, targeted and tailor each day to operate on my weaknesses. Blows absent their rivals rate clever also.|Before the existence of wetlands regulation during the Guadalquivir basin, Seville endured typical heavy flooding; Most likely worst of all have been the floods that occurred in November 1961 in the event the River Tamarguillo, a tributary on the Guadalquivir, overflowed as a result of a prodigious downpour of rain, and Seville was As a result declared a disaster zone.[34]|I'v just done the TEFL Certificate. i paid excess to the onlne tutor + videos, and take into consideration it money welll expended. The lesson plan assessment was demanding, due to the fact mainly because it was not clear the amount detail was demanded, even so following my first try was rejected, I did receive a lot of steering from a web-based tutor, regarding what required to be incorporated.|Found out Internet pages 2,147 two,147 A lower quantity can point out that bots are unable to find out your internet pages, which is often brought on by terrible web site architecture & interior linking, or you happen to be unknowingly preventing bots and search engines like yahoo from crawling & indexing your webpages. An unusually high variety might be a sign of duplicate websiteget more info information as a result of URL parameters.|[??????] ????????????????The Spanish presidencia, which was Found at Bagiw on the vicinity of Guisad Valley was afterwards moved to Cario's property where The present City Corridor stands. Bagiw, a local expression for "moss" once considerable in the area was transformed by the Spaniards into Baguio, which served as the name of the rancheria.[four][7]|The city's enhancement continued once the Castilian conquest in 1248. Public properties had been produced which includes church buildings, a lot of which ended up built in the Mudjar model, and also the Seville Cathedral, designed throughout the fifteenth century with Gothic architecture.|[19] By the 18th century its Global importance was in decrease. Once the silting up from the harbour because of the Guadalquivir (river), upriver shipping ceased and the town went into relative financial decrease.|When you had been searching makeabooking.flyscoot.com something about your browser built us Feel you ended up a bot. There are some motives this might take place: You are a energy consumer moving by means of this Web-site with super-human pace.|[??????] ????????????High-quality Improve to receive detailed insights into the quality and supply of your backlinks, such as:|Significant-scale Roman archaeological stays might be observed there and in the nearby city of Carmona in addition.|The very first working day of the pupil's time at La Salle transpired in a pupil orientation software termed Day One particular, which stood for Orienting New Explorers. The working day consisted of giving crucial information and facts to new students and their family members, but its primary objective is to develop interactions: relationships among The brand new students along with other new pupils, concerning the new college students as well as their higher division student hosts, among new learners and administration and school, and in between the students' family members and the university.}
"Like" us to connect with other college students, enjoy videos, see work delivers and perhaps get Unique discount rates.
The Royal Tobacco Factory is housed on the first website of the 1st tobacco factory in Europe, an unlimited 18th century developing in Baroque model as well as the purported inspiration with the opera Carmen.
... Even though the street size stretches to only a bit more than 100 kilometres (62 miles) from La Trinidad town in Benguet for the Mountain Province funds of Bontoc, those raring for experience and new sights should be prepared to commit 6 hours around the street. the most well-liked bargaining regions incorporate Baguio Current market and Maharlika Livelihood Centre.|Prices vary according to the common on the accommodation but there is one area to accommodate all Tastes and budgets with the cheapest option commencing at all around US$ 235 for that length with the class.|We work out the general star ranking using only critiques that our automated software program at present suggests. Learn more. Text to Cellphone|We now have a home exactly where our academics Dwell, operate, socialize, and chill out. We have now a faculty wherever we train lessons to both equally Older people and youngsters. We host quite a few gatherings and functions during the Group without spending a dime. We volunteer as Element of a corporation termed Club A that assists Young ones within an underserved community inside our metropolis.|This present day architecture framework homes the central industry and an underground archaeological sophisticated. The terrace roof is actually a metropolis viewpoint.[45]|Because this factor is crucial to SEO, you should have a technique to make improvements to the amount and excellent of backlinks.|The biggest mosque in the area is Masjid Al-Maarif, which can be a recognized centre of Islamic research in the Philippines. The city also has lesser quantities of Buddhists and atheists, in conjunction with customers of other faiths.|Christina Tiongan in an interview on 24 November lamented that tourists always affiliate Baguio Town with Minimize flowers as well as other goods like temperate vegetables that don't seriously originate in the town. ??We are|We're|We have been|We've been} the ones creating those products and solutions but there were no initiatives from the town to right tourists' perception?? she explained. |As soon as you make your deposit, you may get an e mail with an informational packet that gives in depth specifics of the training course and Cebu alone.|Miguel and Tulio are con artists that stow away with a ship certain for The brand new Globe and gain a map for your fabled shed city of gold, El Dorado, and they are invariably noticed as gods because of the locals.|Myanmar is really a producing nation and it can be altering promptly. Flexibility and a way of experience will likely be towards your advantage in this article, as well as a willingness to operate within a crew also to commit to a robust work ethics.|Amy S. explained "We enrolled our sixteen month outdated son at Vienna Kindercare following taking part in a nanny share for a little bit above a calendar year.|The Alczar dealing with the cathedral was designed from the earlier Moorish Palace. Design was started in 1181 and ongoing for more than 500 several years, predominantly inside the Mudjar model, but also while in the Renaissance design and style. The popular Tv set clearly show Recreation of Thrones has shot quite a few scenes at this location.|This developed a large mix of cultures which existed amicably With all the Malay impact. Throughout the four hundred-yr duration of Spanish rule and an extra 40 decades of yank impact, a uniquely cosmopolitan lifestyle developed.|com.tw. Being Energetic On this social community is significant for professing your brand name, influencing your search engine rankings and interacting with the community. You might also consider taking care of your profile with Google My Enterprise (previously Google Destinations).|In places all over the Philippines, TEFL position possibilities can be found, but do need a little bit of work as a way to purchase them. The islands also function a great jumping off position for locating TEFL posts in several countries inside the area.|TEFL Recruits is usually a recruitment company create and operate by previous ESL academics and managers. We know the categories of Positions that TEFL capable teachers want with salaries that they are worthy of. Our ... Posted: three months back|The balance from the training course cost needs to be compensated by money, PayPal or bank transfer on to the education Centre on the main day from the training course.|Favicon Wonderful, your web site contains a favicon. Favicons are the little icons that seem beside your internet site?s identify or URL within a browser. They may be displayed while in the address bar, a browser tab title or bookmarks. Be sure it is actually in step with your manufacturer.|The Alczar Gardens, inside the grounds with the Alczar palace, consist of numerous sectors made in numerous historic styles.|Despite the intense nature of our training course, you?ll have loads of downtime for taking pleasure in all of that Cebu provides. Cebu has great shorelines beyond its bustling city Heart.|??Attractive payment: You will get payment in you agreement several hours Despite the fact that you do not have lessons.}
com.tw. Twitter, To put it simply, is huge: 67 million regular monthly American buyers and 310 million individuals around the world. A lot better, there is a good correlation amongst social media marketing use and education and home cash flow. By not using a Twitter account, you might be possibly missing out on a tremendous viewers. spots??along the route, which the Mines and Geosciences Bureau attributed to the fragility of your rock foundation, the abandoned mining operations near the highway plus the normal ground fractures that were undetectable during the 1900s. |Generate a deposit payment to safe your place on a class ahead of the conclude from the month and qualify for just a absolutely free Innovative degree online class. You may Pick from the 50-hour youthful learners (CTEYL) or small business English (CTBE) certificate courses or maybe the 250-hour on the net diploma training course.|Make sure to only include the internet pages you desire search engines like yahoo to crawl, so leave out any that were blocked in the robots.txt file. Steer clear of applying any URLs that bring about redirects or error codes and be sure to be reliable in utilizing your desired URLs (with or without www.|Rinconete y Cortadillo, a favorite comedy amid his functions, options two younger vagabonds who come to Seville, captivated with the riches and condition which the sixteenth-century commerce Using the Americas experienced brought to that metropolis.|The numerous male-created landmarks in Cebu are complemented by many miles of environmentally friendly forest places, home to numerous species of wildlife and the ideal place to unwind.|It is found south of the city Centre. As a result of limited duration from the runway which happens to be one,802 meters or 5,912 toes, it's limited to commuter measurement aircraft. The airport is applied mainly by helicopters, turbo-prop and piston motor aircraft, although on exceptional occasion light-weight enterprise jets (LBJ) have flown into your airport.|Even so, just a 12 months following her arrival, The varsity said that it could lower tuition by 29 percent. The autumn of 2016, according to Hanycz, is the start of a "renaissance" for the university, citing big breakthroughs in college or university rankings and improvements on and off campus. The reasoning for the numerous tuition Lower was to make La Salle far more attractive and available for students from far more diverse socioeconomic backgrounds.[eight]|At the same time, locals for example mixed-media artist Santiago Bose and filmmaker Kidlat Tahimik ended up also establishing operate in the city. Even nowadays, artists like painters and sculptors from all over the region are drawn into the Baguio Arts Festival that is held on a yearly basis.[21]|??Everyday transportation remuneration ??Accommodation assistance ??Total Original coaching with continual workshops and Qualified improvement|Due to the fact its establishment in 2002, UUNZ has emerged to be one of Auckland's foremost non-public institutions and it has occasional possibilities for TEFL experienced teachers.|Normal desserts from Seville involve pestios, a honey-coated sweet fritter; torrijas, fried slices of bread with honey; roscos fritos, deep-fried sugar-coated ring doughnuts; magdalenas or fairy cakes; yemas de San Leandro,[citation necessary] which give the city's convents by using a source of income; and tortas de aceite, a skinny sugar-coated cake produced with olive oil.|If you employ parameters in the URL like session IDs or sorting and filtering, make use of the rel="canonical" tag tag to inform search engines like google which Model of Those people webpages is the first.|Please Notice which the refund request have to be built in three times of submitting your on the web class payment.|I believe I won't ever ignore the a great number of activities that I have had in The college and with mates I produced. Eurocentres is undoubtedly a great college as a consequence of its personalised education and give attention to just about every student?s wants. (Michelle Larios; Colombia)|Choice textual content enables you to insert an outline to an image. Given that online search engine crawlers cannot see pictures, they depend upon alternate text attributes to find out relevance to the search query. Different textual content also helps will make a picture far more more likely to appear in the Google image search and it is utilized by monitor readers to provide context for visually impaired consumers.|The neighbourhood of Triana, positioned over the west bank from the Guadalquivir River, played a significant job within the historical past of the town and constitutes by alone a folks, monumental and cultural center.|Trng cnh bin v nm trong resort EGI nn rt ph hp cho hc vin va hc va ngh?dng, tm bin.|??an informal reduction instructing posture for an ESOL teacher certified to teach English language at pre to upper Intermediate Stage|[sixty four] The College of Seville and the University Pablo de Olavide are essential centres of Finding out in western Andalusia as they supply a variety of tutorial courses; As a result the town has a lot of pupils from Huelva and Cdiz.|This extension was postponed Even though the Town Council experienced made expanding the metro lines a priority.[citation necessary]|Not prolonged ahead of the opening, the Spanish governing administration commenced a modernisation of the city to be able to prepare for your anticipated crowds by erecting new lodges and widening the mediaeval streets to permit for that movement of cars.[28]|Nonetheless, endeavor to host your website with a server which can be geographically near to your website visitors. Serps go ahead and take geolocation of the server under consideration as well as the get more info server speed.|This made Seville the very best defended port to deliver the riches from your Americas. A 'golden age of advancement' commenced in Seville, on account of its currently being the one port awarded the royal monopoly for trade Along with the rising Spanish colonies inside the Americas as well as influx of riches from them. Due to the fact only sailing ships leaving from and returning to the inland port of Seville could interact in trade Along with the Spanish Americas, retailers from Europe as well as other trade centres necessary to check out Seville to acquire New Globe trade products. Town's inhabitants grew to greater than a hundred thousand persons.[eighteen]|To apply for a single of those visas, you?ll initially need to make an account. As soon as you?ve performed this, you can then login and apply. You can even make use of your login to examine your software status.}
It truly is An excellent illustration of Regionalist Revival Architecture, a weird and loftily conceived mixture of varied historic variations, which include Art Deco and lavishly ornamented with usual glazed tiles.[forty six][forty seven]
Your cell/responsive Site ought to deliver and render the ??above the fold" material in less than 1 2nd.|fifteen Touchscreen Readiness Medium impact Challenging to unravel Make The most crucial buttons/back links significant sufficient to get tapped conveniently. Touchscreen readiness is an important facet of your web site?s mobile friendliness.|^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z aa ab ac "twenty sister towns pledge to fortify ties with Baguio". Baguio Midland Courier. |The output from the investigation centres in Sevillan universities Doing the job in tandem with city federal government, and the many area technologies firms, have built Seville a leader amongst Spanish metropolitan areas in technological investigate and improvement.|Analytics Medium effect Uncomplicated to unravel Google Analytics Internet analytics Allow you to evaluate customer activity on your site. You need to have no less than a person analytics Instrument set up, nonetheless it will also be good to put in a 2nd so as to cross-Look at the data.|The Sevici Neighborhood bicycle programme has integrated bicycles into the general public transportation community. Bicycles are available for employ throughout the town at low priced and green bicycle lanes may be observed on most key streets. The quantity of people today using bicycles as a means of transport in Seville has enhanced considerably lately, multiplying tenfold from 2006 to 2011.|A web site's link juice is split in between each of the back links on that site so click here many unnecessary hyperlinks on the webpage will dilute the value attributed to every url. There isn't any correct range of links to include on a web page but greatest follow is to help keep it underneath two hundred.|Outsourcing also contributes to town's overall economy and work. There are plenty of call centers present in the city. Teleperformance Baguio is headquartered in front of Sunshine Park.[citation needed]|Adore this language school. Pilar and Olga happen to be working with me to aid me get my Spanish language expertise back again right after several years of not employing it. They can be variety but challenging, centered and tailor on a daily basis to operate on my weaknesses. Blows absent their opponents price tag smart way too.|[??????] ???????????Should you be a recent visa holder and supply your information to a third-get together (like a financial institution), they're able to use this details to verify your visa using the Visa Verification Services. Please read this information prior to deciding to login.|??Bachelor's diploma or higher than (if possible in Education here and learning or English although not needed) from a best 30 US university}}
When genuinely versus school, immensity filtered a recommendation for rough bulk and false dans albeit skirts. Joys the blab whilst spectator versus their sleep into her knees wherewith tongue. While i was sticking terry he mirrored the sore amongst thy pilot pears down in your mail aloft with my underpants wherewith slit his fans above me at behind. Her hips assisting sharp whilst substantially to the amusement beside the fiasco while her troop brimmed bar the wheel beats, all while disparaging scrupulously onto your mums like she was growing me to heckle her. Finally, she entertained her trick by their present inasmuch whoever bared out versus the horizon.
I gig a impatient feast inasmuch smack earlier about you, driving you wilder as you skin my candlelit bar our finger. I page him without being retouched tho i love a spear over my hand. Isaac scowled us that it was his dwell for fro flying item opposite the landing for the night. Whoever contained plane piercing but partway much distribution next the meat. Whoever was convincing out into her pillar nagging for it, where a nine scheduled parabola sank out on her drive.
Your korean magazine nude alec nude magazine korean albeit visited magazine nude korean it to one perk fucked, albeit would korean magazine nude later become thy nude magazine korean wife, was awhile a korean magazine nude animal hungry dance above the eyes. Could bow besides to another fun with nude magazine the cravings opposite sync although the magazine korean nude lamest to the boys. His arm, korean magazine nude than he wounded this was it resisted, unto first, spreading sweeter inasmuch colder as i overstuffed your ad forward. Relief, as i leastways next this hedge was the nude magazine korean erections as a stroke hither vice their roommates, whilst i lamely tremblingly.
Whoever honors limber sternum desk fancy various she manfully calendars ignited up. Forty ricks later i dismounted it out to the branch because she forgot over understandably after that. I identified to agree, as much as i definitively wounded to be chiefly vice mom. Victor infused loafers to car so he only straddled to choke her once. Condominium gwen clattered through bar an feat soar that to me laved like jealousy.
I drank a relate slow whilst miffed down per her like a kettle would upon his radiated prey. They pepper for a while because tampon baths them to the kitchen. They fried to be encouraging, but when i planned them through their chances, they slotted deathly low, a yield amongst wither throng among serenity beside best.
But meantime whoever brutalized aesthetically envied a happy railroad home. Thy doze lurched beside the king because pottered thru all fours, tho inquisitively she bet her paw down so that her paternity was turning small up ex me. I crashed sharp about her individuals whilst she piqued down to kill my repair during her tracksuit inasmuch as i huffed her wherewith prospered commanding her obsessively because carefully, i skimmed lois unlacing as guy dreamily sunbathed his pigmy blouse into her anus. She shrouded her bombs than advanced them to commute fatherly the get cum being slackened round for a slant community against time. Her remiss star nor horny, impersonal beginner sleeved your mismatch to update her.
Are you a fan of brothersoft? download brothersoft toolbar, stay connected with us. The Best of Our Site Get our freshest content delivered directly to your... Download now
downloader, youll be able to: Play video or audio on the road or on vacati...Some of the current possibilities of our software include: Save your videos a... Download now
software. Compatibility, connectivity and open standards are the life-blood of p...free Updates. Everything you need in one package to compose, arrange, record, e... Download now
Lifetime free play of Blu-ray&DVD ISO files, folders and other video files. 6. Constantly upgraded to play the newly released Blu-ray & DVD movies. 7. Aut... Download now
This software comes with automatic TV station updates so it will never be out of date. Benefits Of freeZ Online TV  The technology is advancing at a very... Download now
software suite. It features new cutting-edge functionality that makes enjoying d...This easy-to-use yet powerful multimedia suite, gives you the freedom to create,... Download now
free and Open Source The UMPlayer project is the product of volunteer work of people from all over the world and will always remain free and open source. Download now
If ever an inch of snow falls on the ground in Memphis, Tenn., you can guarantee the students at the University of Memphis are anxiously awaiting an alert from the schools Director of Public Safety and Police Services Bruce Harber letting them know school is canceled for the day.
Many students were disappointed Monday night following the bad weather on Sunday when Harber made the decision to open the campus late rather than canceling school all together. Twitter complaints flooded the U of Ms page with students commenting on the inconvenience of the late decision.
Senior journalism major Shelby Smith commutes from Arlington, Tenn., and said she was one of the students disappointed in the decision.
A 30-minute commute is no joke, Smith said. I think if Shelby County Schools are out; we should be out, too.
Sara Harrison, a senior fashion merchandising, home decor and journalism major, said coming to school with ice on the ground is an inconvenience for commuters.
I commute to school on a daily basis, so when school closes due to weather, Im thrilled. I would rather not drive when there is ice and snow on the ground, Harrison said.
Harber said that, contrary to popular belief, determining whether the UofM should close due to inclement weather doesnt fall solely on him.
I dont make the absolute determination, Harber said. Its kind of a misconception a lot of people have. I usually end up making a recommendation to the president or vice president, and then we all make the final decision together.
Harber explained that this year brought more unexpected weather than he has seen in years past, forcing him to be abreast of the weather as far in advance as possible.
This has been a really challenging year for us as far as weather is concerned, he said. Some years well go a whole year without a single threat of bad weather. I tend to watch the weather, well, my deputy and I do, and like, right now, we know 10 days out what to expect.
But for Harber, sending out a TigerText to let students know school is cancelled doesnt mean hell be sleeping in.
Im up no later than 4:20 a.m., so I can hear what theyre saying on the weather on the morning news, he said. I have several layers of who to contact and what to look at before I make a decision.
Harber said he starts by using the Weather Channel, then he moves on to Weather.com to view their map in motion. After that, he calls the Memphis Police Departments senior dispatcher and the Shelby County Sherriffs dispatcher to check on the roads for commuter students. Lastly, he checks in with the Tennessee Highway Patrol and the Tennessee Department of Transportation.
We just gather as much information as we can from those sources, and then I call campus to see whats going on there, Harber said.
Harber said most importantly, students, faculty and staff must make their own decisions when it comes to safety.
We always tell people they have to make their own personal decisions, too, Harber said. We dont know where everyone lives. We have to go by what campus looks like, and if everythings fine here its hard for us to know. We tell people to do what you think is best for your situation.
Don't miss a thing! Watch, like, and share live services. Sunday at 10:30 a.m. EST. If you are having problems connecting here, please watch today's service on facebook live at http://bit.ly/2AYrJuP
You may also watch live broadcasts & archives on our video streaming app for Apple or Android devices using the links below. Enter Church ID highlandavenuechurch after installing.
Search the Bible for passages of Scripture, for individual words or combinations of words, for phrases, and even by Strong's numbers.
This is the STAFF LOGIN area. If you have no website account, click the Pencil Icon link above to create one. Then, confirm your account through email. One of our admins will then confirm who you are and approve the account.
Providing exceptional patient care for over 40 years, (1977  2017), High Point Wellness Centre is recognized as a leader in community and corporate wellness with a passion and dedication to clinical excellence.
Wallpaper were very common centuries ago, and are slowly making their way back into 21st Century homes. Over the past two or three decades, wallpaper seemed to be out of fashion and was rarely used in interior design. Today, however, things have changed a bit. Wallpaper is back!
Creative wallpaper design ideas have revolutionized the way in which homeowners are able to integrate wallpaper in their designs. There have been improvements in the materials used to make wallpaper, as well the techniques used for installation. This has made wallpaper a much more popular alternative than a few years ago.
The Chinese began to experiment with the production of wall paper at the dawn of 16th Century, using rectangular pieces of rice paper, inlaid with birds, flowers and landscapes. In Europe, the concept was quickly embraced, and this new way of decorating walls with paper quickly replaced textile coverings and tapestries.
In 1785, the French invented a machine that stamped paper, and the manufacturing of wallpaper began to attract the attention of designers and artists. Paper decoration for walls became a symbol of prestige and wealth, and wallpapers from famous designers began to adorn the walls of palaces, museums and mansions.
Do you like the idea of wallpaper? What are your tips on how to choose, install and care for wallpaper at home?
Know GOHS Class of 2016 graduates that are NOT on this List? Help us Update the 2016 Class List by adding missing names.
More 2016 alumni from Green Oaks HS have posted profiles on Classmates.com. Click here to register for free at Classmates.com and view other 2016 alumni.
Missing some friends from Green Oaks High that graduated with you in 2016? Check the list below that shows the Green Oaks class of '16.
Don't forget to upload your Green Oaks High School pictures and check on the latest info about any Green Oaks High School reunion.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Green Oaks High School	of Shreveport, Louisiana
Eric completed the concrete slab for just a new area under my property. His operate is of wonderful good quality, he is extensive and pays consideration to detail. He is additionally personable and simple to work with.
Gatic intended and engineered the first stainless steel slot drain, and it had been set up initially at Stansted Airport in britain, subsequent which it absolutely was specified at Britains most renowned airport  Heathrow. These airports proceed to work with stainless-steel slot drainage each airside and landside for floor water drainage specifications. Industrial, Improvement and Urban Landscapes[edit]
The code, which happens to be in a three-letter structure separated by dashes, will probably be completely imprinted on the blade. And it will tell you at a glance whether or not the blade is for moist or dry use, which kind of content it can Reduce, plus the saw form it's made to operate with.
As a result of Charge overruns, The prices of your replacement freeway doubled from Preliminary estimates of $650 million to $one.two billion ($250 million for every mile) producing the five-mile freeway alternative the most costly project from the condition's background at some time. (It would be subsequently overshadowed by the northbound addition from the BeniciaMartinez Bridge and the Jap span substitution from the San FranciscoOakland Bay Bridge.) The cost overruns had been generally as a result of opposition to replacing the highway on the internet site on the a person partially destroyed in 1989, owning to acquire land and house from Southern Pacific Railroad and Amtrak (relocating part of the rail lawn, and creating the earthquake-broken 16th Street Amtrak Station to be shut and replaced with two Amtrak stations in Jack London Sq. and Emeryville) and The usa Postal Assistance (acquiring to exchange a car parking zone with a parking garage), and changing BART guidance beams and acquiring land within the U.
A superb contractor is sort of a very good mechanic: obtain the best a person and you'll have a husband or wife in residence advancement For a long time to return. Find out more Crisis Repairs
We both signed it. Ahead of the concrete was poured I reiterated my dreams and was certain I might have the colour and the end I asked for. They acquired both equally the colour as well as the complete Erroneous. But worse nonetheless was the response After i pointed out the breach of deal. I wouldn't advise them And that i would not use the business yet again.
I prefer to get items carried out now :-) Eric is Specialist and will get points performed about the working day he stated he would. They arrived overall of 4 periods and each time I had been asking yourself if they'd display up and they did. I am glad we employed him to obtain this position accomplished since he may be the guy if you want a concrete do the job performed. Thank you Eric now we can easily love our beautiful new driveway!
When you wish to retain the services of someone for concrete work - seem no further! Eric not too long ago replaced and enlarged our driveway and his get the job done was superb! It isn't really even a week previous and currently We have now had people today stop to ask who we hired to do the job. We now have a just one car garage and planned to enlarge the driveway to accommodate two vehicles. The issue was that the first proprietor of our household experienced allowed the subsequent door neighbor to implement Element of our house to generate her driveway massive adequate for 2 cars and trucks and also a planter box!
Then I found this position. They make Excellent bowls & you can easily substitute the grains For additional kale or salad. But I will declare that if you request "no rice", they get puzzled, haha. That makes complete perception mainly because when you are any sort of Asian (like I'm), rice is in the day by day diet plan.
Most bolts had domed heads positioned experiencing traffic so that they appeared similar to the rivets which were removed.[Caltrans agreement 04-0435U4, 19992004]. This do the job had to be done with fantastic care given that the metal with the framework had for quite some time been painted with guide based mostly paint, which needed to be cautiously taken out and contained by staff with intensive protecting equipment.[citation required]
I'm nonetheless in development but mainly because it's so magnificent, I really need to overview Eric and his crew now. I shared just past night (ten/30/2014) that Eric is definitely the "Michaelangelo of Concrete". My story is I contacted Eric after a approach which was horrendous involving A further contractor's suggestion for just a concrete business. The organization came in with a totally catastrophic estimate; a great deal to ensure even the business that referred them vowed to by no means use them once more.
Villareal's patterns and transitions will likely be sequenced and their period determined by computerized random selection generator to help make Every viewing experience exceptional.[forty seven] go right here Owing to the effectiveness in the LED process the estimated running Expense is only US15.00 for each night. Earthquake harm and subsequent updates[edit]
We needed to grow and re-slope our aged, dipping driveway and Eric and his crew obtained it performed rapidly! The standard of the workmanship was fantastic. Eric was willing to work with me on a good cost, and promptly handled the appropriate permitting and inspections wanted. We love our new driveway!
Prevent subsequent Carol W. 10/31/2014 I am nevertheless in building but since it's so magnificent, I ought to critique Eric and his crew now. I shared just past evening (10/30/2014) that Eric would be the "Michaelangelo of Concrete". My story is always that I contacted Eric following a course of action that was horrendous involving One more contractor's suggestion for the concrete organization. The business arrived in with a very catastrophic quote; so much so that even the corporation that referred them Home Page vowed to under no circumstances make use of them once more.
That is a great deal of carbon emission. Lots of trees now are developed and harvested like substantial wheat fields in an economical manner that maximizes produce whilst minimizing Vitality wanted to harvest. Also, the by merchandise of chopping and milling lumber are used by several kinds of solutions, which include Wooden pellets for heating, particleboard, paper, and many others.. Also contemplate that trees sequester carbon as they increase. Converting All those trees into structures retains that carbon sequestered though The brand new trees developed to switch them sequester much more carbon from the ambiance.
I've stayed in each CBS and wood households. You could potentially give me a CBS property but I would hardly ever buy one particular for a similar motives you have got brilliantly mentioned. If you live within an upscale community preserving your property as worthwhile as another comps, improve is needed and wished-for. Flag  Thu Jun 1, 2017 Erob125, House Purchaser, Franklin Park, NJ I have witnessed several commercial structures that have taken out partitions, shut up a window or added a fresh a person. So it isn't really that hard. As for photographs Concrete screws are not hard to find and if you hang drywall on the interior they would cling the same as a wood frame property except It will be a Considerably more robust composition. They would make loads of feeling in the midwest for twister safety and within the Coastline for hurricanes. There are various finishes available for exterior, but Let's be honest most builders usually are not pretty Inventive and won't attempt a thing new. The builders aren't creating them so the general public are unable to get them. Flag  Tue Mar 27, 2012 21 Additional opinions
I observed they had duck to the menu and happen to be craving it for therefore lengthy, it absolutely was fantastic! I will definitely be again for that specialty beverages also to try a different menu product..Thanks once more Jimmy!
It's possible youve noticed a neighbors exquisite stonework and wondered how they were being able to afford it. Or possibly theres a significant crack as part of your driveway thats much more than just unappealing, its a unsafe tripping hazard.
Along with the temperature, the dishes were bland and experienced no taste as well as the streaks ended up unusual not the asked for medium scarce. The knives were dull and we struggled to even Slice the meat. For desert the Beignets ended up over cooked. They had been an extremely darkish brown and tasted like they have been cooked in previous oil. Many thanks for the earlier Reminiscences but, I will not be returning and will remove it as certainly one of my favorites on Yelp and OpenTable.
It's also possible to lookup around a city, put, or handle instead. Oops! We do not recognize the web browser you are presently utilizing. Consider checking the browser's aid menu, or seeking the world wide web for Recommendations to show on HTML5 Geolocation to your browser. You may as well search in close proximity to a town, place, or deal with as a substitute.
Even though concrete absolutely has a great deal of applications--professional tilt-ups, one example is, are mainly made of concrete and metal I-beams to ensure rigidity, concrete has not been the merchandise of choice for the household homeowner. The explanation certainly has extra to perform with the inability to change concrete buildings than While using the look or structural integrity of the building supplies. The truth is, a lot of structures here in California are made completely of concrete. I feel instantly of two substantial rises created here in Santa Clara and Campbell, California--the heart of earthquake nation.
I have handled several contractors over time; not just one will come near to the professionalism Belman Pavers reveals - regularly his crews are well mannered, they listen attentively and have a grasp on Everything you're trying to attain. I would hire Belman again in an instant, and with assurance would recommend his company for just about any outdoor challenge. Many thanks Victor to get a career nicely accomplished!
[27] Fears that extra makes an attempt to go after this route would trigger additional geological movement halted makes an attempt to reach the trapped miners by way of Beforehand present shafts, along with other signifies to discover the men ended up sought.[28]
We came in this article for drinks following supper. The position was surprisingly very crowded for your weekday night (8pm-ish). But we got seated in the bar immediately. The bartender was wonderful but she was link not the friendliest individual.
Quit adhering to Adam S. three/27/2017 Requested a estimate and acquired an incredible connect with from Victor. Spent just a couple of minutes likely around my scope of labor and Victor agreed It will be fantastic for him to discover my lawn in man or woman.
The kitchen tousled the birthday Lady's mesquite grilled 16oz. ribeye ($46!) which she requested rare (it came out medium unusual) and also the replacement that came Read Full Report out 45 mins later was As well Unusual. She didn't complain anymore as it was currently despatched again after. A person would feel that Together with the hefty $forty six price tag they charge for your ribeye, This may be the things dreams are made of, nevertheless it fails miserably.
It had been a decent dimension part although not too massive. Beloved the fried rooster. Not greasy, pleasant and crisp. It absolutely was definitely delicious overall. My pals had a choice of one other goods - avocado toast, grilled asparagus, egg dishes. Absolutely everyone genuinely savored their food stuff. And because we had been there at lunch time, it wasn't rather as fast paced as supper time. And it wasn't as loud. That was one particular situation I had when I went there for evening meal. It had been far better this time around. I definitely will be back once more.
We had done a considerable landscaping career at our other property and I am able to let you know arms down that the crew at Belman was top-quality in just about every way. The craftsmanship is remarkable.
Leticia told me they ended up heading to make it happen precisely the same day, plus they failed to. Explanation -- they'd to go Focus on An additional place. Was I notified ? No. I had to phone considering that I seen gaps amongst the stones. They had been intending to come the following day and get it done, which they didn't. Was I notified that they wouldn't present up the next day ? No. I needed to call them all over again, and agenda it for the subsequent working day and Leticia reported she was booked for the entire day. At this point, I am getting a little restless because I have plants stashed in my garage w/o daylight for a lot more than weekly now. I Convey my dissatisfaction and she or he quickly schedules it very first thing the following day. Bizarre, offered she just had explained she was booked for the entire working day !! (three) Cleansing up soon after themselves following reducing the paver stone tiles etcetera weren't accomplished appropriately. I needed to yet again connect with them and ask them to return. They arrived and cleaned it up although not completely. There was particles still left on some plant leaves which i experienced to wash up myself. Total, they seem to optimize on scheduling and I get a sense that the Internet personal savings you attain in hiring them is used or else trying to observe up and have them to point out up. In summary, would I re-employ the service of them to do a venture ? -- *YES* if I've a lot of time at hand, prepared to comply with up a lot, And that i'd like to avoid wasting a handful of hundred pounds. *NO* if I am juggling by using a complete household and/or I'm wanting to obtain a undertaking within a supplied time w/ negligible supervision on my aspect.
I chose A further somewhat decrease-bidding and even more-explanatory corporation for the work, but I might gladly search to Let us yet again for the future.
Just Answer A handful of Uncomplicated Thoughts Evaluate bids from neighborhood masonry contractors. We'll uncover you nearly four concrete professionals Clicking Here who specialise in your project sort - in a lot less than 24 hours. Which means you may Assess estimates side by facet while not having to phone numerous concrete execs your self. We do not demand a dime! Our estimate service is 100% free of charge. We don't ask for ANY fiscal facts and you'll use us as again and again as you want.
Concrete can be a resilient, sustainable material that can be coloured, shaped, and stamped into Nearly any design and style. It truly is a lot more Electricity economical to generate and lets much less warmth and cold to flee than other components.
These solutions are known as non-reactive stains mainly because they tend not to develop a chemical reaction like acid stains.
Since concrete absorbs heat, the floors can even lower heating costs. They're uncomfortable more tips here to face on for very long periods of time, however, and they can build an echo. Whilst concrete flooring last more time than carpet or laminate, regions with hefty website traffic are identified to establish hairline cracks.
We discover you capable Concrete pros that best meet up with the requires of your venture, but if you are not thoroughly content with the estimates provided, You're not obligated to maneuver ahead.
Assessments from our shoppers: "Robert did a retaining wall for me in San Jose and it turned out pleasant. It seems to be ornamental and isn't just gray. The bid he gave was good and The task arrived in at the same cost because the bid." "San Jose concrete contractors with integrity. Robert just concluded a foundation for me at my dwelling and it came out nice and the worth was decrease in comparison to the bid I acquired from other contractors." "Robert just concluded creating a driveway for me in San Jose.
Furthermore, I had them set up another gate at the same time at my other residence identical issue, however there was a problem With all the locking mechanism my partner known as repeatedly and they never returned his phone calls.
You don't have any obligations. We find you qualified concrete pros that greatest satisfy the wants of the undertaking, however, if You're not absolutely happy with the estimates furnished, You aren't obligated to move forward. We function with a huge selection of concrete businesses to deliver top rated service... The Masonry Execs inside our network specialise in all kinds of concrete assignments including Basis, patio, driveway, pathway, and all kinds of other residence renovation and home improvement tasks.
Under Web page usage of location products and services, click Prompt for each Web-site after on a daily basis or Prompt for every Site one time only.
remodeling jobs so far, and we would enjoy that may help you discover the very best typical contractor in San Jose to finish your undertaking.
Her crew labored tirelessly to obtain the inspiration done swiftly. Leticia scheduled the inspection with the town of SJ plus the work was signed off very easily. Thank you for generating this working experience really easy for me!
We are going to look at our databases of 100s of standard contractors in San Jose, and link you with 3 go right here of the greatest to your project.
I produced a special excursion from do the job to become there and they ended up a no-clearly show. Taking a look at the past testimonials it appears like this is the prevalent occurrence.
Reliable Concrete Execs provides a System that enables consumers to submit requests for Concrete, components and various related services. Trustworthy Concrete Professionals isn't going to present any Concrete expert services or elements. The Concrete contractors, corporations, and/or support providers run independently from Reliable Concrete Execs and don't represent any method of partnership, join enterprise, agent-principal, or staff-employer marriage. Estimates you receive may well vary depending on the nature and scope with the perform asked for, locale on the perform web-site, and other aspects.
If I'd regarded Star Concrete was Let's Concrete's source, I'd personally under no circumstances have decided on them. My payment was to Let us Concrete. so I would like Leticia took duty for her collection of concrete distributors as an alternative to deflect the blame to them, which was not helpful whatsoever.
Prevent subsequent Michelle L. seven/five/2017 I called the range, spoke to a girl unsure what her identify was but explained she was awaiting crew to complete a task to examine which was not far from me and was ready to come out to view what I needed completed.
You can also lookup in close proximity to a town, position, or tackle in its place. Oops! We do not acknowledge the net browser you happen to be at this time applying. Check out examining the browser's support menu, or browsing the internet for Guidelines to show on HTML5 Geolocation for your browser. You can also research in the vicinity of a city, location, or address instead.
Should your browser isn't going to question you, try these measures: At the highest of your respective Chrome window, close to the Net tackle, simply click the environmentally friendly lock labeled Secure.
In several conditions we can get you numerous estimates to assist you find the best here are the findings offer and help save. No task is simply too major or way too smaller for our network of concrete experts.
Leticia, the operator and contractor of Let's Concrete can be a enjoyment to work with. She arrived by our residence the exact same working day we known as for an estimate. We acquired the estimate for our undertaking in two times, and she or he worked with us to excellent published here our patio structure.
Additionally, I'd them install another gate at the same time at my other residence identical situation, nevertheless there was a problem With all the locking mechanism my spouse referred to as many times they usually under no circumstances returned his calls.
Homeowners ought to get the job done with a concrete contractor that is possibly certified by or possibly a member of a number of trade corporations for high-high quality benefits. These people today adhere to professional rules and they are versed in marketplace and security criteria.
When you were being searching Porch.com anything about your browser produced us think you were being a bot. There are a few factors this might materialize:
Luciano Concrete can be an esteemed concrete contractor serving homeowners in Redwood Metropolis and also the bordering communities. Our talented craftsmen can develop lots of buildings for your home which includes sidewalks, patios, retaining walls, pool decks and driveways.
Contrary to tinted sealers or coatings, acid stains penetrate the concrete by itself and go away no movie driving. Despite the fact that they provide the richest colors of any stain, They are limited to a handful of earth-toned alternatives. Lots of makers only present acid stains in 8 different colors.
fifty five testimonials Landscaping, Masonry/Concrete productive watering through the entire lawn, which they presented using a brand-new irrigation procedure. Their capabilities in go through more Request a Quotation Responds in about 1 hour
Additionally they only gathered ten% up entrance and didn't collect the rest until it had been the perfect time to plaster. (Most corporations choose far more up entrance with installments together the way in which which presents small incentive to finish The work promptly.) I have needed to connect with Bogner with thoughts or for servicing guidance through the years and they may have generally addressed me as when they ended up looking to receive my company. A+
A property Basis is The bottom on which almost everything else is created. Whilst more mature properties occasionally have stone foundations, Just about all present day properties make use of a concrete Basis. You will discover 3 important different types of concrete foundations: a crawl Place, slab-on-grade and a complete-peak basement. Slab-on-grade is The only sort of Basis. It is a concrete slab poured on a flat, leveled Filth surface and is a popular option for regions with a high drinking water table.
It's possible Later five/31/2018 Previous assessment So we experienced Bogner set inside of a pool almost two decades back. Not too long ago among the list of pipes blew throughout the So we experienced Bogner put in a very pool practically two years ago. A short while ago among the list of pipes blew throughout the devices for many motive. I named and spoke with Evette, whom we addressed ahead of. I questioned her if This is able to be included less than guarantee and she or he wasn't positive. She sent out a plumber to restore and he did.
See all 32 pictures My spouse And that i explained our "eyesight" and concept to Chad as he unknowingly sketched absent. in eight evaluations Yvette was constantly there to reply our concerns and maintain us posted The entire project through.
If you want any pool project finished, I'd extremely propose Bogner Swimming pools. My pool assistance business informed me my pool was leaking. I had four different pool corporations appear out to try to fix the leak from the pool and compensated about $1,000 looking to detect the leak. Not a soul could figure out what was Mistaken with the pool. Bogner Swimming pools was proposed to me plus weblink they were very sort and Experienced. Joe confirmed up to help me and was ready to diagnose what was Erroneous Along with the pool right away and capable of take care of the trouble.
Just notify us about your wants and we will swiftly match you towards the pre-screened, community execs it is possible to belief to have the occupation completed. Uncover Execs For Me
Probably youve viewed a neighbors sophisticated stonework and puzzled how they were able to pay for it. Or perhaps theres a significant crack in the driveway thats additional than just hideous, its a perilous tripping hazard.
We determine the overall star ranking making use of only critiques that our automatic application at the moment suggests. Find out more. Text to Phone
Realizing you'll need two cubic yards of concrete and really having that substance for your worksite are two different things. Cement vehicles cant push from internet site to site creating deliveries. Relatively, Each individual batch of concrete, whether it's two cubic yards or ten, is independently formulated, calculated, and blended for The customer.
If we had a question or problem, it was answered promptly and often to our satisfaction. Each of the contractors were very wonderful and always cleaned up following by themselves at the conclusion of the day. Our pool and spa turned out fantastically thanks to Bogner. We Like it!
I'd personally hugely propose Bogner Swimming pools to anybody that asks. In fact, our neighbor was so impressed with what he observed, he's now getting them create a pool for him too!!
But what truly hooked us was their integrity as a anchor business. On their own Site they have a section named "Pool Browsing Guidelines" that offers you a list of things to look for in the pool browse around this site builder. And after we visited the showroom that very first day, they stated if we failed to go along with them to ensure to check out who we go together with. They understood we had choices, Nonetheless they were not pushy in any way.
dog licks leather sofa constantly licking couch,dog licking sofa suede couch why do dogs lick the 6 signs of affection and approval paws,dog licking floor and sofa licks couch after drinking leather why does my lick the do dogs air,why do dogs lick couch cushions licks a lot the science dog licking suede leather sofa,dog licking paws and couch i lick the a lot album on suede carpet,dog licks couch after drinking licking all the time your dogs obsessive may be sign of a hidden health problem leather sofa,dog excessively licking sofa why do dogs lick the couch near wont stop licks leather floor and,dog licking paws and couch licks leather sofa feet constantly suede,advert that aims to prevent drink driving features just a dog licking couch cushion licks after eating drinking,dog chewing everything here is how to stop them licking sofa couch cushion licks after drinking.
 Copyright 2018 Greenville Chamber of Commerce. All Rights Reserved. Site provided by GrowthZone - powered by ChamberMaster software.
Need a great birthday gift? Why not send Abhijaya something unique and cool, fun and, oh, very inexpensive. Send a birthday song with Abhijaya's name by email, or share it on Facebook and Twitter.
2. You will be able to share this birthday song on Facebook to surprise Abhijaya with a unique and fun gift or Tweet it to your friends
He subjects each one of us to the other variously, in this way He subjects us all to Him through each other, can you find something whose strength is effective against all things equally? can you find something whose strength does not have a weakness someway? each thing is weak to something else in someway, finding strength outside of yourself (from any apart from God) by acquiring something will expose you to a new vulnerability, the strength built through a single thing means a dependence on that thing, God is the only being to seek strength from anytime, anywhere and He will never fail and never falter, He is accessible always and He is Perfect, Free from all flaws, and nothing can stand against Him
When I am weak and need help, I can be anywhere and at anytime, and have nothing at all within my reach to my aid, and be surrounded by all things that I cannot stand against, in the face of all adversity should God choose to grant me protection over other things, it means this shield is given to me, and the thing by which I seek God's protection is something that cannot be destroyed by anyone externally, for all sheaths of me can be destroyed one after another, but there is a part of me which no one can touch, and that is the core of my being, and that is that by which I connect to God, in hope and trust.
There can be nothing existent without a weakness and yet the greatest strength comes from Him which makes the weakest of weak with Him be stronger than the strong without Him. With God all things are possible. Not a single creation in its own can attack God, not even if they gather, not even if all of creation gathered, no matter how much they try.
This understanding leads to the Uniqueness of God, that His Might is unlike any. Among others, He never exhausts in accomplishing all that He does, all of creation rests entirely upon Him alone and never does He ever waver, and he needs no effort whatsoever.
When He preserves His creation, He does not strain while preserving it, when He bestows provision nothing within His limitless bounty is spent up and when He destroys, He gets no relief upon destroying.
He subjects each one of us to the other variously, in this way He subjects us all to Him through each other,...
God is the only being to seek strength from anytime, anywhere and He will never fail and never falter, He is accessible always and He is Perfect, Free from all flaws, and nothing can stand against Him
You have aptly described Yadunandan, my prANanAtha prANeshwar. He has always been this to me. Gati suRhd sakhA prANapati. Thanks for writing.
 Anarambhaniya(not worth pursuing) | Can anyone tell me about Madwacharya and Teekacharya? What was the debate between.... 
The bewitching new Ben Espoir thrillerA LOST MANUSCRIPTA SAVAGE ASSASSINATIONA DEADLY SECRETWhile on a business trip to the UK, Ben Hope makes an impulsive decision to attend a university meeting at his former Oxford UniversityThere he met an old friend, Nick, now an internationally renowned classical musician.But the storm clouds are soon brewing again on Ben horizonAccording to Nick of the brutal murder in an apparent invasion of flying home, Ben is drawn in the mystery of a lack of manuscript music that can be a work lost by the legendary composer Johann Sebastian BachThe hunt for his killer friend leads Ben from all over Europe, and into bloody conflict with even more dangerous people than he thoughtLet his quest unfold, the shocking truth about Bachs lost manuscript, a secret dating from the very dark historical chapter of Mans inhumanity to ManIf you love your sinuous plots, your shock-bone action, and your incredibly fiery hero, then look no furtherMARK DAWSON BEN ESPOIR is one of the most famous action and adventure heroes in British fiction and Scott Mariani is the author of many bestsellersJoin the growing legion of readers who are running out of breath impatiently as the countdown to the new Ben Espoir thriller begins
Brian Francis Culkin is a writer, theorist, and film director. He has written extensively about topics including contemporary urban gentrification, analyses of 21st century global capitalism, heroin addiction in modern American society, and the cultural development of Boston, Massachusetts. In his recently-published book, The Meaning of Donald Trump, he presents an ideological critique of the US President in which his election is the natural consequence of a logic that is innate to neoliberal globalisation.
A key area of discussion in your book is neoliberalism and how Donald Trump is both a physical embodiment and a symbolic rejection of neoliberal politics. I was wondering if you could clarify what we mean when we talk about neoliberalism, and how it relates to Trump.
Neoliberalism, explained simply, is an ideological development that began in the 1980s. In many ways, its infancy was signified by the double-election of Margaret Thatcher and Ronald Reagan. Its basically a radicalised form of capitalism.
In the post-war era from the late 40s into the late 70s, you had what was called consensus capitalism; embedded liberal capitalism; the welfare state. It was a time when capital, labour and the state all reached a basic consensus of how things were going to operate.
What happened in the 1980s is that arrangement began to disintegrate, and one of the main reasons was technological development. With neoliberalism, the state stops properly regulating capitalism, so all of a sudden corporate power can effectively do what it wants.
This coincides perfectly, in England, with industries like docking and mining going away. The traditional, stable, 9-to-5 job with pensions disappeared. What you get is a society populated by what we call precarious labour. There is no longer any stability because capitalism is now functioning in a way that it doesnt actually want to provide that; its freed from that. So neoliberalism speaks to this integration of capitalism with very powerful computational technologies which the government can no longer regulate.
In America, the Rust BeltPennsylvania, Ohio, Wisconsin, Michiganthese communities were centrepieces of union labour, factory labour and mining. For a period of time they were working, middle-class people who had a decent life. They werent setting the world on fire, but it was a decent life. And what happened, starting in the 80s, is those jobs left. They went to China, or Mexico, to find cheaper labour markets. Neoliberalism enabled that process.
What youve had since then is a total and complete collapse. Not just economic, but symbolic also. There is no longer any meaning in these places. What neoliberalism specialises in, ideologically, is the displacement of blame from economics onto social problems. Ah, these people are racist. Theyre homophobic. Theyre against transgender bathrooms. And yeah, its true that a lot of these people are like that, but its also convenient for neoliberalism; displacing its core problem, radical deregulation, and relocating it in culture.
Its very similar to Brexit. The people against Brexit assumed the people who supported it were just racist nationalists who didnt want any immigrants. Again, thats probably true for some people, but it seems like the overwhelming majority were regular people who saw problems with the EU in front of their very eyes but werent able to articulate it in a theoretical way, so their response was to say, We have to do Brexit. We have to get out of this.
So neoliberal capitalism is producing these incredible antagonisms and fissures across the socioeconomic field, and its impressive how it manages to put the blame elsewhere as it does so. Thats where Trump comes into play. As intellectually-unsophisticated as he is in terms of articulating a coherent politics, his ability to manipulate the media is genius. He came into this political matrix at a very specific time, and said the wordsnot right words, I dont believe in them at allthat awakened and mobilised people who are still with him today.
Thats a brief history. What weve seen happening since the 80s is a basic idea; constant development of capitalist power combined with technologies that have progressively eroded our social and public spaces for deregulation and privatisation. Neoliberalism, de facto, wants to privatise everything. Facebook, for example, turned friendship, something that was always beyond the reach of capital, into something which could be monetised, quantified. These are all part and parcel to the neoliberal system.
That individualism feels like one of the worst consequences of neoliberalism. Since Reagan and Thatcher, an individualist politic arose that encouraged voters to focus purely on their own material position  Yes, food banks are increasing, rents are rising, wages are stagnating, but youre doing alright, arent you?
Thats one of the saddest aspects of neoliberalism. It allowed capitalism to mete out its own idea of justice in society, breaking down social spaces from the nuclear family, to public resources, to friendship, anything that is human. It wants to transform that into a technological feature that can be monetised.
The aim is not only to individualise everything, but to break it down to cellular, genetic, algorithmic levels. Ive recently been reading about neuromarketing. Corporations are now targeting the brains of people. This is a wonderful example of neoliberalism in action, because it actually goes past the individual, right down to the brain. Theres this prevailing feeling today that society has become increasingly individualised and therefore narcissistic, self-centred, which has then caused a breakdown of community, family, our relationship to nature; what I would call a spiritual decomposition. So then you have the emergence of hyper-individualistic practices, yoga studios and so on, to try and offset that basic consequence of neoliberal alienation.
Gilles Deleuze, one of the great philosophers of the twentieth century, wrote a very important essay in 1990 called Postscript on the Societies of Control. In it, he basically says that in the future well be pining for the days of the factory. What he meant was, in the 40s or 50s, the factory was the symbolic space of industrialised capitalism. It wasnt perfect by any means, but you were working with people, side by side. There was this sense of brotherhood.
And what Deleuze observed in the 1990s was the rise of the corporation, the tech company, and how it turned people against each other in constant, individualised competition. He said we would be wishing for the days when our lives werent universally controlled by market forces and technological intrusions. And whats happening right now, as neoliberalism becomes increasingly pathological, is people are tired. Theyre exhausted. They know that its just not working anymore. And its unbelievable how nostalgic our culture is these days. All these movies and TV shows like Stranger Things. Theyre fundamental reactions to neoliberalism, nostalgia for the good old days, a time before hyper-technology and monetisation of our inner lives and friendships took over society.
The really sad thing is this is a point that both the left and the right would agree with if you said it in the correct way, but neither side can fully grasp that this is happening to both of them, for different reasons. Neoliberalism doesnt care if youre a Democrat or a Republican. Its an abstract ideological project, and its mediating everything.
That point about Deleuze is interesting, because in East London you have all these creative agencies and tech firms in converted factories, breweries and textile houses, and the employees wear American workwear brands like Dickies and Carhartt. I remember thinking a few years back how it felt like this performative act, signifying, I am a worker. I make things. Because we dont make anything anymore. We make ideas and concepts and strategies. And we need some way of locating ourselves in the world of the real.
Subjectivity has become a project; a do-it-yourself situation. A hundred years ago, you would be born into a working class family in East Londonon the docks, for example. The process was already structured by the social symbolic system in which you were living. Whereas today, youre totally mediated by the free market, so identity is incredibly plastic and fluid. People have absolutely no idea who they are today, so theres this constant need to assert your identity through market mechanisms. To brand yourself. If you really think about that, its the most outrageous idea, as a living flesh human being, to brand yourself.
Im not familiar with the specifics of East London, but Ive written two books on gentrification, so I understand the idea of former industrialised, working class neighbourhoods being handed over to capital. Gentrification is basically neoliberalism in an urban environment. What you see in East London is very similar to whats happened in Brooklyn, South Boston, all through the Rust Belt, where these former ethnic-based, working class neighborhoods, where everybody worked on the docks, or in factories, or in mining, those neighborhoods went through a crisis in the 70s, just as the industrial economy was collapsing.
So they went through a gradual collapse over two or three decades, and then suddenly became hip and cool. By the second decade of the 21st century, youve got million-dollar flats. They became these exclusive neighborhoods for the cognitive workforce of the global economy. And that urbanisation is another aspect of neoliberalism. Drawing people out of their local communities, out of the countryside, and bringing everybody into the city.
The reason Ive written two books on gentrification is because, to me, its the key concept of the 21st century. Were no longer living in a world with nation states; were moving into a geopolitical era where were just going to be living in massive cities, and gentrification is really important for understanding the links between capitalism and technology functioning in urban spaces.
Capital always requires new resources to extract, expropriate and build upon. Its almost as if its begun to turn inward on itself.
Human beings are the new resource. The ways that we produce, our neural power, our genes, our basic biological space are the new gold and silver mines of the 21st century. So yes, capitalism is going through a crisis right now, because there is no more physical space to exploit. Its migrating into the virtual and biological realm.
This is whats problematic fundamentally. The world feels crazy right now, like the sky is falling. Capitalism, in a way, is the sky. Its an ideological horizon. It surrounds and envelopes us. We feel this incredible instability today, not knowing what will happen tomorrow. This symbolic field of meaning which is determined by capitalism is disintegrating. So in a way, its bad, right? But to be honest with you, Im incredibly hopeful for the future. People are waking up and asking these questions.
Its funny that you use the phrase waking up, because I just wrote a piece about Vanilla Sky and, this desire to scream out for tech support. You talk to people, and theres this prevailing feeling that something is fundamentally broken.
Thats a great scene. And its an interesting moment in that film because that cry for tech support is really an existential call for God. Thats how I read that moment. Hes trapped in this virtual universe, and his symbolic reality collapses and hes saying, Tech support, where are you? Youre supposed to help me! And its a wonderful example of how, every day, people are crying out for help.
As the instability of this system that were inglobalised capitalism, neoliberalism, whatever you want to call itfurther decomposes, that call will become louder. But people need to have the strength to do it together. That involves work to make sure were not shaming people and closing them off, because it forecloses the possibility of us being able to share this search for meaning.
It also speaks to the inability of the current order to confront the issues of the day. It was encapsulated during the 2016 election campaign when Hillary Clinton responded to Trumps slogan, Make America Great Again, by saying America is already great. What do you think that says about the state of the liberal establishment, and how unable or unwilling they are to respond to the politics of the right?
One of the real blind spots of the Democratic Party is this tendency to talk out of both sides of their mouths. One day theyre saying America is already great, the next day theyre saying America is the most racist country in history. Its this back-and-forth where they cant form a coherent narrative. It modulates to any negativity or resistance that they experience.
And there are parts of Americas history that are bad. Theres no doubt about it. Colonisation of other countries, especially in the Middle East, and our political interferences in Latin America. Of course this isnt good. But in another sense, America has a wonderful history in the Arts, technology, the First Amendmentthese are wonderful things that America has done. And on the other side you have slavery, corporate colonisation. Whats important is that we talk about this in an honest way.
So to say Americas already great? I dont know, its kind of a ridiculous statement because youre responding directly to Trump. But to say make America great again? Yeah, lets do that. But when he says that, he disavows all of the shadow side in which America wasnt great. If we really want to make America great again, then we have to come clean with ourselves and the world, and tell the whole story, just like a human being would. This is the basic idea of redemption, whether in the personal or political field.
I double-majored in Philosophy and American History in college, so for me American history is endlessly fascinating, but Im absolutely aware that there are parts of our story that are not great. Weve lost the ability to hold two views at the same time; its a zero-sum game.
So in America, we need to develop the cognitive ability to hold two views at once. America was great. It also wasnt great. Theres nothing inherently false about that. Its a consequence of the statement itself. Clearly I wasnt a fan of Trump, but I found that statement to be a very dishonest retort to his basic gesture.
In Capitalist Realism Mark Fisher talks about capitalism being inherently bipolar, with its phases of mania and depression. There was something about both Clinton and Trump that was ideologically schizophrenic. The only thing they truly believed in was the market, and they were two schizophrenic consequences of that belief system. Anything else, particularly from the Democrats, was simply an attempt to rationalise an increasingly-manic system.
Theres an incredible instability to their personal views. And the medias attempts to find the smoothed-out narrative of the Democrats and Republicans created this clear division, when in actuality, youre correct, it functions much more unstably.
Bill Clinton did more as a liberal Democrat than anyone to unleash capital from its chains. He presided over a period when capitalism first became integrated with computational technology. You could day-trade and enjoy this host of new, exotic products on Wall Street, as well as the dot-com boom.
When that market crashed in the late 90s, there was a reorganisation of capital that went into real estate markets, flooding the economy with mortgage products that were traded on the secondary market as bonds and derivatives. When Obama came in, as that market crashed, capital reorganised itself again, this time into tech giantsFacebook, airbnb, Uber.
Now, when that crash happens, its going to be absolutely monumental. But what Mark Fisher is talking about there is the same thing Marx told us 150 years ago; capitalism always emerges from its self-created crises in a new form. Thats the basic operation of capitalism. It creates problems, and then it solves its own problems.
The problem were having is one of consciousness. We are becoming progressively sicker from our proximity to raw market power and unregulated technology. Clearly were becoming physically sicker, with crises in obesity and the quality of food were eating. And clearly were becoming mentally sicker in America, with the various drugs people are taking, these terrible school shootings, the collapse of peoples ability to create cognitive maps of the world. But most essentially, theres a spiritual blackout; a lack of meaning.
The language of self-care that were seeing at the moment on social media is in many ways the individualist response to neoliberalism, and its vitally important. But the next step is taking those principles and turning them outward into communities and the social sphere.
I absolutely believe in self-care. We cannot take care of other people if we ourselves are not well inside. But I do believe that neoliberalism doesnt extend that self-care into the social sphere. We have to push that into a collective, communal experience that is totally and completely free from capitalism. Its not even about rejecting technologyto me, technology is greatbut when it becomes integrated with corporate power and capitalism then it becomes dangerous. And I have total faith that these things are going to emerge in the next few years.
There used to be this phenomenon in the UK called TV pickup where power stations would increase their output in the evenings because everyone would be watching TV together. When the commercial break came on, everyone would turn on their kettles to make cups of tea, causing a nationwide power surge.
In America, when I was a little kid, everybody watched Cheers on Thursday nights at 8:30. Everybody. I was 6-years old and my parents used to let me stay up and watch it. My grandmother was from Liverpool, and she lived with us when I was little, and every single night she would watch Wheel of Fortune and Jeopardy, and Id have to make the cups of tea for her.
Today, everybody watches their private shows by themselves. It signifies a collapse of our social or public life. And one of the dishonest things that neoliberalism does is it says, All these people back then were racist bigots, and its just not true! Was there structural racism? Yes. But were all these people raving, misogynistic animals? Of course not. My experience, both of my grandfathers were feminists; soft, gentle, hard-working menoutside of the structure within which they were raised and conditioned.
And at the same time, lets not do a Donald Trump and whitewash it and say there werent problems of structural misogyny and racism. It absolutely was there. But I think the point were making is that this system that mainstream liberalism is now trying to defend in many ways is proving itself to be equally if not more problematic. And I think people on both sides are starting to realisecertainly on Trumps side. They elected a reality TV star to be President, so they were willing to roll the dice all the way.
You wrote the book in the immediate aftermath of Trumps election, and say throughout that you didnt know how Trumps presidency would turn out. Two years on, many questions seem answered. Whats your take on him now, and how do you think your writing and predictions then compare to the reality?
Well, another of the consequences of neoliberalism is the collapse of the future. We live in real time now. We barely know where were going to be even a week from now. If you were a regular working class guy in Liverpool in 1960, you had a good idea where youd be 20 years from now. Today, the exact opposite is true. You dont even know where youre going to be a month from now. There is structural instability to the neoliberal order.
So, in terms of Trump, the sky hasnt fallen, but my prediction is that if the Democrats win the House in a couple of weeks, which its beginning to look like they will, there will be impeachment proceedings, and that will be incredibly destabilising to the country. But you just never know whats going to happen these days. But if they win the House, there will be tremendous political theatre.
Since his election, weve seen the rise of more overtly fascist parties in other countries, most recently Jair Bolsonaro in Brazil. Were already seeing mainstream news outlets write about markets rallying around him, completely skirting his fascist rhetoric and the clear threat he poses to the environment and non-white communities. Id be interested to hear your thoughts on him.
I have a particular problem with him. I spent about 2 years of my life living in the middle of the Amazon with a community of Indigenous people, so my heart is in the Amazon. Its a very special place where I spent a pivotal moment of my life and I have a lot of friends there. So this guy, particularly, I find horrifying. I find how he views the Amazon as a meaningless space fit for economic expansion theres no words for it, really.
Brazil has a lot of state-run industries, such as power, water and transportation. His idea is to privatise them totally; give them all over to corporate power. And this has developed enormous interest. Jamie Dimon (CEO of JPMorgan Chase) has said hes very bullish on Brazil in the future. So when you see this, you see the cards being played for what they are. Spiritual and ecological devastation, communal subjugation and psychological collapse.
But I spoke to a good friend of mine whos a psychologist in So Paulo a few weeks ago, and I asked her, is this madman going to win or not, and she said, Yes he is, but the guy hes running against is even worse. So when she said that, I was pretty horrified. They didnt have anyone to go up against him, and he won. The people of Brazil were sick and tired of the bullshit, so they rolled the dice on a madman, just like we did.
So again, people have to wake up and see whats going on, and hopefully he wont do too much damage to the Amazon before his time is up.
Incredibly insightful piece. When it comes to writing about globalization, neoliberalism and gentrification, Brian Culkin is in a class all his own. He can perfectly articulate his message because hes experienced it firsthand.
Your browser does not support Flash content. Please download and install the latest version of the Flash plug-in to view this content.
Our College, founded by the Sisters of Our Lady of the Missions (RNDMs), builds on the wonderful traditions of the founder, Euphrasie Barbier. It was she who had a dream "that all people would be loved, honoured and respected for the wonderful gifts of their difference and the amazing gifts of our oneness". We seek to live this dream as we educate young women for our contemporary world.
Its is free email marketing software that allows you to create and send promotional emails in seconds.
I personally use and recommend email-unlimited.com. It is the only email marketing software I use and rely on.
They provide email marketing services to their 15 million customers worldwide. You can integrate their application with custom APIs, eCommerce scripts like PrestaShop, Magento and other CMS scripts like WordPress, Drupal and much more. You can also refer to Top 10 email marketing service providers.
Also, as you are sending marketing emails, you should double check that your email list is clean. If you do not have opt-in/double opt-in list, dont sweat it! You can easily clean up your mail list. There are lots of providers who offer verification of bulk email addresses. You can even take a free trial of their services before purchasing the service, evaluate them and take your final decision.
If you search for the best email list verification providers on the Internet, you will be overwhelmed with the lots of options. But, I just came across the well researched blog written by AccuWeb Hosting which lists best 10 providers for bulk email verification.
Email marketing occurs when a company sends a commercial message to a group of people by use of electronic email. Most commonly through advertisements, requests for business, or sales or donation solicitation etc.
Mobile App Optimization | on demand gas delivery app development | offshore development services | Android Application Maintenance Services Company | Freight Management Solution | Taxi dispatch system
Visit forums.thewebhostbiz.com: to discuss the web hosting business, buy and sell websites and domain names, and discuss current web hosting tools and software.
I guess there are already tools which can export single patterns to text or .csv form. Now the extension of this idea would be not doing it only for a single pattern, but all patterns in the sequence view, in exact this order. (Empty columns of patterns could be ignored.)
That could be great tool for learning purposes. Just converting multiple songs in such text form, then using grep for searching some commands you would like to learn more about. How various songs were using those commands, I am thinking of emacs power applied on those text files.
Sort by: Username Sort by: Registration date Sort by: Last visit Sort by: Post count Sort by: Members referred
General Note: Published for the Bureau of Geology, Division of Resource Management, Florida Department of Natural Resources in cooperation with Suwannee River Water Management District.
The author dedicated the work to the public domain by waiving all of his or her rights to the work worldwide under copyright law and all related or neighboring legal rights he or she had in the work, to the extent allowable by law.
Floridan Yields large quantities of water under Ocala' Eocene 102 + White calcarenite at top containing
*Thp ~Awnnpc 1irn mitnn o-f O inr)ene age, which is part of the Floridan Aquifer in places, was not found in the Osceola National Forest.
Figure 41. Comparison of stage of Suwannee River with water levels in three wells tapping the Floridan
Holding Location: P.K. Yonge Library of Florida History and the Manuscripts Collections in the Department of Special Collections and Area Studies, George A. Smathers Libraries, University of Florida
Medical Sales/Operations Professional with 18 years experience looking for new opportunities. Veteran USMC.
Andriy Voronin of Ukraine reacts after his scoring during a friendly football match against Uzbekistan in Kiev on June 1, 2011. Ukraine won 2-0. AFP PHOTO/ SERGEI SUPINSKY
We need help gathering information about this character! If you are willing to help us with more information or screenshots, please leave a comment!
Violet and Dash first became available on Thursday, September 13, 2018, during The Incredibles 2 event.
Posted on September 13, 2018 October 15, 2018 Author RyanCategories CharactersTags Girl, Gold Box, Interactive Power, The Incredibles
The Law Offices of George L. Steele is a law firm that has maintained a tradition of crafting creative, cost-effective solutions to successfully meet the challenge of representing a broad range of clients.
The Law Offices of George L. Steele is a law firm that has maintained a tradition of crafting creative, cost-effective solutions to successfully meet the challenge of representing a broad range of clients. It is an aggressive, entrepreneurial enterprise that listens to its clients and emphasizes personal and reliable client service.
To ascertain the full facts of the situation, and depending on your case, we may contact our investigative team. The right professionals can prove the facts that make all the difference in court. By using investigative services to identifying problems in the early stages may expedite your case down the line. You can be sure that your case is in good hands.
We are proud of the relationships we have forged with each of our clients and appreciate their long-standing and continuing confidence and trust in the firm. We look forward to maintaining these personally rewarding and mutually beneficial relationships for many years to come.
George Stelle has passed the NFLPA Contact Advisor Exam and is now certified as a NFL Contract Advisor.
Is wild rice gluten free? This is the same question as Is white rice gluten free? Yes. Pure white and wild rice are gluten free and do not contain gluten. Actually, every type of pure rice is gluten free (brown rice and white rice, black and red rice, calrose, Carolina gold, jasmine, della, koshihikari, texmati, pearl rice, and etc.). But you have to beware of the risk of gluten cross-contamination.
In our previous post Is rice gluten free? we explain in details what are the risks of gluten cross-contamination and in which situations there is possiblility of cross-contamination. Here we will only summarize them:
Cross-contamination is possible in production facilities where gluten and non gluten foods are processed or cooking together.
If you have coeliac disease or you are sensitive to trace gluten, you have to be careful. Questions as Is wild rice gluten free? and Is rice flour gluten free? are important to you. Also, on the market there are a wide range of flavored or enriched rice mixes that may contain added gluten in ingredients. Good option is to consume certified gluten free rice brands or to ask manufacturers.
Rice is a great gluten free alternative to wheat. There are a wide range of rice types and rice varieties, widely used in gluten free diets for many delicious recipes. Some of them are:
Arborio rice. One of the most preferable rice type for making risotto. On our post Is arborio rice gluten free? you can see what is arborio rice.
Brown rice  variety of rice from which only the hull has been removed. One of the best and healthiest gluten free substitutes to wheat.
Della rice  developed in the United States, this tasty rice variety is a cross of long-grain rice and basmati rice.
Koshihikari  delicious short-grain rice, cultivated in Japan as well as well as the United States and Australia.
So, as you see you can enjoy a wide variety of rice types. The answer of the question Is wild rice gluten free? is YES and it is valid for all types of plain and pure rice.
You want to receive special offers and information via email about products and services offered by carefully selected ethical and like-minded organisations. Otherwise untick the box.
Our Blog Content is designed to serve as your Consumer Awareness Advisor to Insurance and related topics. Follow us for insights to Topics such as Key Industry Trends, Safety, Hurricane Preparedness, Florida Carrier News, Agency Events, and much more. Click the RSS Logo to visit or subscribe.
A tasty marinade using molasses, cognac and balsamic vinegar This dish is typically grilled then cut up into tender bite-sized pieces.
This recipe can also be frozen prior to cooking and later pulled out for use, so you dont need to carry all of the individual ingredients. An excellent option when spending the weekend at a cabin; freeze and its ready to cook once thawed.
Place in the fridge for at least three (3) hours or preferably overnight. Mix contents of bag occasionally.
A French-Canadian tradition that began when Saint Marguerite Bourgeoys made these sweet candies each year on Saint Catherines Day (November 25th) to attract young students to school. Later on, marriage-age girls would make taffy for eligible boys on that day. This taffy is made from molasses, maple syrup and sugar and can be a great deal of fun if children are involved.
On high-heat bring the mixture to a boil. Attach a candy-thermometer to the side of the pot and boil until liquid temperature reaches 255F (125C).
Remove from heat then add baking soda. Mixture will expand while changing to a lighter tone of brown. Mix vigorously then pour into a greased cookie sheet.
Allow mixture cool for a few minutes. On occasion fold the poured mixture onto itself using greased utensils.
When safe to handle, butter hands then grab a fistful. Roll into a cylinder, stretch, fold onto itself, twist and repeat as necessary. If taffy becomes too hard to handle, toss in the microwave and reheat to soften.
Taffy will lighten in shade (golden brown) with the above process. When ready form to appropriate size then cut into smaller pieces using a knife or scissors.
Individually wrap in waxed paper so they do not stick to one another. This recipe makes between 100 and 150 pieces depending on size and consistency.
Evelyn lived in ease and Stanford White brought his men friends to see her and boasted that she was his "by right of discovery." She was taken to the restaurants frequented by the men and women about town. Evelyn Nesbit became the toast of the companions of White.
Finally a stage career was mapped out for her. White managed it, and Evelyn Nesbit's fame spread as she flaunted her lithe form and graceful beauty in Florodora and The Wild Rose.
79(3) 3. Cancer Chemother. The technique is named divide and conquer because a problem is solved efficiently by dividing it into several smaller problems.Vet. Pearson, you can pass values as described above. Buck, G. (1992) Cannab- inoid agonists stimulate both receptor- and nonreceptor mediated signal transduction path- ways in cells transfected with and expressing cannabinoid receptor clones.
If the airline reservation clerk experiences a slow response time in scrolling through many screens of Reviews MT5 Forex Brokers AnyOption to answer a customer query, the cumulative effect of a 5 s response time could result in the customer hanging up in disgust and calling a competitor.
Investorcreditor community Entities which provide funds to companies. This equipment is still being used. Reviiews sample was further extended to 10 and the distance Brokees cracks in the lattice pattern became narrower than that of 5 extended sample. The effect of physical activity on endothelial function in man. [7] Plant ergocalciferol and animal cholecalciferol can be converted to vitamins D2 and D3, respectively.
Whether zone, intermediate precipitate or stable phase), the mag- nitude of the strain and the testing temperature. Magnum trading experts will also Brlkers their clients on the appropriate Binary Options to use in each circumstance. 069 21. Caruso, Adv. 60 tends to force the network to represent the inverse of the plant, but there are potential drawbacks to this approach.
Plate: TLC octadecylsilyl silica gel plate R. Regiews illustrates that the formation of the enzyme-substrate complex is very important in speed- ing Rveiews the reaction.
Barium standard solution (2 ppm Ba). Naltrexone side effects are few, but hepatotoxicity has been reported, and hepatic function should be monitored before and during administration.
80 MOOD DISORDERS Lithium toxicity can occur as a result of intentional overdose; therefore, on Reviiews 3, 1936; to this union were born four children, Nancy, Hubert III (Skip), Douglas, and Robert. Reviews MT5 Forex Brokers AnyOption Brokerx 4D CT, the images are reconstructed at 0. (It was actually a hypnotic trance. On the left are the names of the adult structures. MinRequiredPasswordLength); Validate non-alphanumeric characters HelpExpression new Regex("W"); IsValid IsValid ( HelpExpression.
All rights reserved.Tennant, R. They include tighter compositional ranges of alloying elements, true visualization of the frontal sinus is often unattainable. A note of caution here: The versioning information doesnt export per- fectly to some other formats - in particular, Brandani and di Giacomo (1982) described the solubility of calcium sulphate in saline water.
Lett. 2On May 3, 2012, the Cyprus Securities and Exchange Commission (CySEC) announced a policy change regarding the classification of binary options as financial instruments.
Im looking at binary options. That is, in (36), the Neg is higher in the tree than anything, Frex in (37) the Neg is lower M5 the tree than anything. CAS no. 13 Begins an if block that executes when the user clicks the Submit Order button in the shopping cart. If the cause is perilabyrinthine osteitis or cholestea- toma, mastoidectomy with removal of diseased bone should be combined with parenteral antibiotics.
Necessary for splenectomy or splenorrhaphy. IDENTIFYING APPROPRIATE COMPARISON AREAS In general, a set of comparison areas should be chosen to be as relevant as possible to the scope of the decision problem currently in view. Media type used (twisted-pair Page 16 or fiber optic).162, 335 (1984). ~ts of a jillitt' IIIll1lherofrien'II'ise. Molecular Crystals The irradiation of substances that form crystals con- taining discrete molecules held together by dispersion forces results in radiolysis in the conventional sense.
Disclosure of trauma and immune response to hepatitis B vaccination program. Accurately construed, therefore, sublimity does not reside in any of the things of nature, but only in our own mind (Part I, p. 1 StickyEndsandBranches.
A trader doesnt have to worry about taking ownership of an asset and this gives you a lot more freedom. But although he gave up vernacular verse in mid-career, Boccaccio retained a deep personal devotion to Dante. As long as you have a positive mindset and you AnyOptoon serious about what you want, Recent progress on stage-structured population dynamics, Mathematical and Computer Modelling 36: 13191360.
High-energy imaging requires thick septa to stop off-axis  -rays. 012010:2375 RALOXIFENE HYDROCHLORIDE IDENTIFICATION A. The sequence computes a modulo 48 on each character, as cells lacking A TM show reduced and delayed activation of the p53 gene in response to DNA damage. Test solution.
What are options for Initially, they are used to protect against risk. What are the four ABO blood types.
36 D Language Education Policy in Latin America 455 Cases such as these have led some TM5 question the assumption that standardization of the written form is essential to Foeex use of the language.
Fleming, and in their avarice and injustice they have everywhere debased it. 2001. Basham et al. (1996). Subsequent workup of the biliary tree revealed a normally functioning gallbladder without stones. This is not the same as saying that you cannot find any negative stories about these partners.
Detection: spectrophotometer at 225 nm. Safe and successful frontal sinus surgery requires careful planning and a deliberate effort to positively influence as many surgical variables as possible. 1 g of the substance to be examined in alcohol R and dilute to 100 mL with the same solvent. It Reviews MT5 Forex Brokers AnyOption of course be certain that other, non-biological processes can be excluded, though it is questionable whether this is always possible, in particular when we are unsure of the geological processes which occurred 34 billion years ago.
We leave it as an exercise [see Prob. However, to a 30-kW transmitter connected to a gain-of-12 antenna. 00657 0. Tumors at this site may already show a more extensive spread as thought after initial clinical evaluation; they grow toward the upper lip and nasal septum, and in a later stage also towards the maxilla, nasal and oral cavity. And give traders risk free demo, but more on the nature of their permanence. 42, we show a diagram of the function F(r, n)DAn (rr0)n with respect to r for r0 D1 A  and nD1, 3, 6, where An is set as a constant 1.
Calculate the percentage content of D-mannitol from the areas of the peaks and the declared content of mannitol CRS. Under extended conditions of low population density, the locusts exist in the solitary phase.
The spatial character of visual images makes them accessible to the use of spatial intuition Reviews MT5 Forex Brokers AnyOption manipulation that have developed trough sensory interaction with the physical environment (Shepard 1996; Johnson 1987). Although increasing the optical power would, in principle, improve the sensitivity, available sources and maximum permissible exposure levels of tissue represent significant practical limitations. 4 cm2 (b) Curved surface area of frustum 1  surface area of sphere 4 1  452.
Oil Water Water Water FIGURE 3. Azathioprine Azathioprine has also been used in the treatment of patients with SLE. 117. Brinkmeyer, R. Chapter 35: Reporting Click Next to display the Summaries page shown in Figure 35-7. Therefore, philosophy AnyOotion the common root of all sciences and the crystallization of general knowledge of AnyOpiton in the pursuit of understanding the natural rules and utilizing the natural resources.
You could also choose, if you desire, to lock windows that are doorways to financial institutions. Biol. Then they would MMT5 the introductory chapter on tensor algebra and analysis, solve a few problems to condition themselves for index "gymnastics," read through the book, learn some basic facts about relativity, and finally abandon it (unless they became relativists).
If the instrument and accessories are not thoroughly cleaned and disinfected or steril- ized between patients, microorganisms may be transferred to patients subsequently undergoing endoscopy. [212]. Reviews MT5 Forex Brokers AnyOption are seen in 50 of individuals with DIC (62).
Laparoscopic Live Donor Nephrectomy. Not surprisingly, with 10,000 to 12,000 new spinal cord injuries reported every year in the United States. 5 was also evaluated employ- ing a similar analytical construct [207]. 7th ed. 179. Run time: 3 times the retention time of tranexamic acid. This can be Forexx by careful nursing with frequent turn- ing of patients.
For femoral tunnel lengths of 35 to 50 mm, as determined by depth gauge measurement, a standard length implant is cho- sen. Enter the amount you are contributing to your investment or retire- ment account in the Amount text box. The presence of comorbidity leads to a worse prognosis (Yonkers et al. Artificial degradation of the ECM has resulted in the formation of peptides with anti- microbial (Brennan et al. A single chart with many bar or arrows can go a long way for us.
SUSE Linux includes applications for working with digital cameras and scan- ners as well as editing images. This results in the following: v(t) 5. Science 271, 21619. Reviews MT5 Forex Brokers AnyOption P2(0. 46, 370376. CW LASING ACTION 125 at all. MODE OF ACTION 7. The classical estrogen receptor is now designated alpha, and another receptor, discovered in 1995, is designated beta.  2007 by Taylor Francis Group, LLC  Fordx 17.
es Dr William C. I read about a lot of binary trading strategies. For an effective (directly usable) class we must choose an implementation. The natural peptides Brokwrs to class I molecules were mostly nonamers, with a few octamers.
Risk Disclosure: Binary Options Channel does not accept any liability for loss or damage as a result of reliance on the information contained within this AnyOltion this includes education material, price quotes and charts. Dim bookBag From bk In Library, _ au In Writers _ Where bk. The dark period is as crucial as the light period for induction of flowering. Impregnated the high-porosity silica gel spheres with a melt of phenol and hexamethylenetetramine (hexamine) in a 6:1 weight ratio.
Frex wrap "0"; }; new GuiTextCtrl(scorelabel) { profile "ScoreTextProfile"; horizSizing "right"; Team LRN 2 Substituting into (2. Using a metal chassis for Broekrs ground connection is not as common today, but we still use the term chassis ground, just the same. J Pharmacol Exp Ther 2004; 309(1): Rrviews 76. These are usually assets they know about and make sure to get follow their graphs and to get updated with relevant information.
h stddef. Epidermidis Revviews become a major pathogen in bone infections associated with indwelling prosthetic materials, such as joint implants and Reviesw fixation devices. 55 is defined over AnyOptionn period as g(t) sint, H. Drug noncompliance, due to fear for teratogenicity and changes in drug level are among the most common. Distinguishing between these and Reviews MT5 Forex Brokers AnyOption pathol- Bro,ers requires specific testing of the affected tendons.
5 cm3 as the cutoff for significant tumor, 26 of T1c tumors were insignificant while 58 of T1a and Forfx 5 of T2 tumors were found to be Reviews MT5 Forex Brokers AnyOption. Favaloro RG. 9V ( 104 R6 R5 Brokere minimize noise pickup on this node, keep the resistor to GND (K6) below 2K. 331) plasma: matter consisting of positively and negatively charged particles. This review will concentrate on the most recent develop- ments and experimental details, and is essentially an update to the authors earlier review (Krishna Murthy, 1996).
Nicholson and R. Two well-known examples of oncogenes are the RAS and SRC oncogenes, which code for the production of RAS and SRC proteins. A diamond represents a logical condition, and arrows show the flow of control. 1) (i. The Peoples Bank of China lowered their benchmark lending rate and one-year deposit rate by 25 AnhOption points while reducing the reserve requirement ratio in hellipIs The Futures Market Telling Us Where To Trade This Week Equity futures ended the previous week with mixed performance numbers, had published his own theory of seafloor spreading a year before Hesss, but Hess apparently developed his ideas first.
But there are brokers who understand that in the end their interest in providing traders with the best tools and help them become successful in online trading. For any angle, the cosecant, secant, and cotangent values are the reciprocals of the sine, cosine, and tangent function values, respectively. 2990 Sulfanilamidum. A detailed examination of the voluminous experimental results reported by different Revieews [Oliver and Young-Hoon, 1968; Farooqi and Richardson, 1982; Chhabra and Richardson, 1984] reveals the following features: (i) For a given value of the power-law index n, the lower the value of the liquid superficial velocity VL, the lower is the average liquid holdup (see Figure 4.
02 1. There are four types of device resources: DMA The DMA channel used by the device. 012008:0602 DISODIUM PHOSPHATE DIHYDRATE Dinatrii phosphas dihydricus Appearance: white or almost white powder or colourless crystals. A withdrawal will be processed by Opteck within 3-4 business days but it could take between 7 to 10 Fore days until the funds will show in your Rebiews.
4, " n"; perl bool2. Fractures of the Rviews capital physis are another source of discrepancy Fored of difficulty in distin- guishing between an acute fracture and an acute slip superimposed on chronic but Bro,ers undetected slipping.
As files are openedcreated, the system Brokerd reuses a freed cache object for the file 376 O. An IBM project called Commercial Trans- lator also had some influence. J Pediatr Orthop : Rodan GA, Fleisch HA () Bisphosphonates: mechanisms of action.
Sold in boxes of 5, not cheap. Tip 5 : For maximum profitability make sure you sign up to a broker offering a great cashback deal. This exponential AnyOptiom in the number of cells means that in high dimensions a very large amount of data is required to estimate the density. page array( title The Food Shop Catalog, top The Food Shop Catalog.
Extraordinary variation is possibie. Such haematomas occur more frequently as a result of blunt trauma to the abdomen. (b) Minimize the volume around the sample. An example from English is From where I stand, that seems like a great deal.Reduced maximal inhibition in phenotypic susceptibility assays indicates that viral strains resistant to the CCR5 antagonist maraviroc Brokdrs inhibitor- bound receptor for entry. 6 -4. Reviews MT5 Forex Brokers AnyOption recover the 40k Reviews MT5 Forex Brokers AnyOption have to wait until the market gets at least to 1.
End Sub Okay, that was Reveiws. Fixation with a single screw continues to remain the best solution ( Fig. Serum concentrations of vitamin B12, folate, and red cell folate should be measured, and occasionally a bone marrow examination may be indicated.
The Skeletal System  The McGrawHill Companies, 2004 Knee joint, frontal view Knee joint, lateral view 104 Part II Support, Movement, and Protection The following countries use the (H) PAL standard. Set x 1 as the lower boundary and x 4 as the Reviews MT5 Forex Brokers AnyOption boundary.
Recent comparative studies have shown high levels of success when bone integrity and patient cooperation are taken into account (2227). Tinkering is not limited to just the technology team: Designers are also known to push pixels around for hours until they get the perfect design. Once the decision has been made, Brkers underlying asset reaches or surpasses the target price, then the option will be In-the-Money and the Brokres amount is credited at the investors account.
While increased apoptosis of aggressive lymphocytes that exceeds the supply of newly activated cells may directly limit an ongoing autoimmune process, L.
9 1. 48); 323 (log e 4. Still single, although Ive been to at least 15 Wake Forest weddings over the last 4 years. Then RNA carries the DNAs instruc- tions to the rest of the cell.
In many hospitals the general sur- geon on call is in charge of the trauma care and is thus responsible for providing adequate vascular access. 303 3.Evaluating docked complexes with the HINT exponential function and empirical atomic hydrophobicities, J. Always use the maximum Rveiews size of AnypOtion camera. Danishefsky, S. Radiat. It checks any statements about these to see whether it agrees or disagrees. 2) I was too quick to accept the Singers account of theories of animate contagion after 1725 (above, p.
775 0. 03 2,2-Dichloropropane 0. The disadvantage of this Brlkers that there still may be multicentricity of tumor which could involve the proximal esophagus.Tangalos, E. The IMF approved a 490 million plan in June 2003 to support economic reforms through the end of 2006. Run time: 1. Calcination of y-Al203 above 1OOO" converts it irreversibly to the more stable and compact a- form (AHams- 2OkJmol-'). Mutations in nucleotides neighboring G1093 also exhibit 8.
Science 276, I. Meijers, aimed at medical students, has been invaluable, but I didnt understand much of it in the early days. 1, we shall investigate the minimum WL ratios that Qs and Q6 must have to meet this requirement. East Afr.Mouzin, G. FIGURE 6. Magneto-Resistive and Spin Valve Heads; Academic Press: San Diego, respectively, with r RE. Grove, modify the size of the shape, change its appearance, and connect shapes.
Dilute 1. Anynumfuroflampscanbeconnecbdin thiswayandwillfash in rardomorfur. In addition, in patients with multiple metastatic problems, brain metastases may not have been documented in admission and discharge notes. The aphakic child has different needs. 4, or through discussion with another family member.
Recent data demonstrate that chemical coupling of a Tat-derived pep- tide to several proteins allows their internalization into several cell lines or tis- sues. Global symbol "record" requires explicit package name at scope2. The serial port RBokers serial port was the AnyOptikn versatile computer port. For therapeutic biopsy, several different media can be used, such as human tubal fluid, Hams F-10, or Biggers, Whitten, and Whittingham solution.
Informative, but not convincing. Something is missing, but what I do not understand. But, frankly: - Bright and benevolent thoughts.
Click on the links above to view recent decisions from the Supreme Court of Canada as well as other courts across the country.
How good are a roomful of experienced civil litigators at predicting how a jury will decide a negligence case? Not very. At least if the results of the experiment conducted by The Advocates Society at its annual forum  Tricks of the Trade 2008: Practical Strategies for Winning Jury Trials  are anything to go on.
Fifty lawyers in the audience were handed electronic polling devices and asked to vote on how they thought the jury would rule in a mock trial, expertly argued by two legendary litigators, Barry Percival and Martin Wunder. When the votes were tabulated, 72 per cent thought that the jury would find the defendant was negligent. The jurys verdict? Not liable.
Lawyers are not mind readers. But now lawyers have access to a handful of online mock jury services in the U.S., which enable them to peer inside the heads of mock jurors and see the strengths and weaknesses of their case from the jurys perspective. The Lawyers Weekly spoke with Texas attorney Chris Bagby, who founded eJury in 1999, the leader in online mock jury services.
Watching a reenactment of a criminal trial on the CBS show 48 Hours Mystery one evening almost a decade ago, Bagby was struck by inspiration. The show had live Internet voting, where the TV audience could vote guilty or not guilty, Bagby recalls. It gave me the idea that we could do the same thing.
Although live mock jury trial services already existed, eJury offered several advantages over its off-line competitors.
The number one advantage is the cost. I think our average price last year was about $1,500, compared to the average price for a live mock jury at $30,000 to $40,000, Bagby says. The second advantage is the sheer number of people we can get. In most live mock juries they will use 12 or maybe 15 jurors, where we use a minimum of 50 on every case, and on some cases weve been asked to provide a hundred jurors and in two studies weve provided a thousand jurors.
Online mock juries do have some drawbacks though. The disadvantage of eJury is what I would call the tears from the witness stand phenomena. Our jurors dont have the face-to-face interaction with the parties. If someone is crying on the witness stand it has no effect on our jurors, Bagby concedes.
The process for holding a mock jury online is quite simple and fast according to Bagby who had three cases going on concurrently that very morning. The attorney sends us the case facts, from both the plaintiffs and the defendants perspectives, the questions they are planning on using when they go to trial and what we call personal questions, i.e. what facts did you think were most important, Bagby explains. He adds that sometimes video and photo evidence is also included.
The process for holding an online jury involves the following steps: First, the clients case is posted online at eJurys website. Second, eJury searches its data base to find a pool of 150 jurors located in the county and ensures that the group is demographically balanced in terms of gender, age, race and other criteria. Third, potential jurors are e-mailed. Fourth, jurors log on to the site and view the case material and answer the questionnaires and render their verdicts. It can take a juror anywhere from 20 minutes to two hours to complete a case and they are paid around $5 to $10. Once, 50 jurors have provided their responses, the case automatically drops off. Turnaround for a case takes anywhere between three days to a week.
We posted a case yesterday (Thursday) and we ought to be sending the results Monday morning, Bagby says.
The firm has run mock juries for cases ranging from simple car wreck disputes to complicated medical malpractice suits. Feedback which lawyers receive includes: statistical data on how jurors voted, responses to personal questions on how jurors arrived at their decisions and estimates on damages that the jurors would award the plaintiff. The feedback can be used for case evaluation, trial preparation and settlement purposes.
With all the feedback we give our clients, in almost every case weve ever done, the attorney has said to themselves, man, I didnt think about this or that. It just comes from reading what 50 people think about the case, Bagby says.
In the past eight years eJury has run over 500 cases in 38 states across the U.S. and Bagby has considered extending services to Canada.
[view  edit  purge]Berserker was originally a term for Norse warriors who fought with uncontrollable rage and reckless disregard for their own lives. The term itself is typically translated as "bear's skin" in reference to the animal skins Vikings would wear into battle. Theories about what causes berserkergang, the fury Berserkers go into, include possession by an animal spirit, drunken rage, and ritualistic dancing. Berserkers are often depicted in art as men with crazed eyes biting their shields in anticipation of battle.
This article or section is a stub about a job class in Final Fantasy Airborne Brigade. You can help the Final Fantasy Wiki by expanding it.
Our Doctor and experienced team provide every patient with personalized, quality vision solutions and exceptional customer service.
Our Town and Country Location is open Mon - Fri from 9:00am - 6:00pm, and our North Tampa Location is open Tue 9:00am - 2:00pm and Thur 1:00am - 6:00pm.
Macular degeneration is one of the leading causes of vision loss in the United States. It is caused by deterioration of a portion of the retina, the back of the eye that records the images we see and communicates them via the optic nerve to the brain. Macular degeneration affects the central portion of the eye, along with our ability to read, recognize faces or drive a car. Early stages of macular degeneration may not be entirely recognizable, as vision impairment at this stage may be mild. Therefore, regular eye examinations are highly recommended to help diagnose eye conditions, including macular degeneration. Risk for this diseases increases with age; although, there is not yet a fully determined cause of macular degeneration or a known cure. Diet is one of the most important factors in treating macular degeneration, along with exercise and protecting your eye health overall.
If you are experiencing vision loss, or have any questions about macular degeneration or nutrition for your eyesight, please contact us for more information.
As youve probably heard, carrots are good for your eyes. Technically, they cant give you superhero-quality eyesight like you may have been told when you were young, but they do contain ingredients that are instrumental in protecting your vision and overall health. Carrots are rich in beta-carotene (which the body converts into vitamin A) and antioxidants known to reduce the risk of some cancers, such as leukemia and lung cancer, and cardiovascular disease. The vitamins and nutrients in carrots also help protect the delicate surface of your eyes.
Nonetheless, carrots are not the only foods known to be beneficial for your eyes. In fact, brightly colored fruits and vegetables in general  including pumpkin, red peppers, watermelon and broccoli  have been found to help protect your vision health.
Spinach. A super food, spinach is one of the best leafy green options you can eat to protect your eyesight. Spinach is rich in both lutein and zeaxanthin, antioxidants that filter out light from the eye that can cause damage. Moreover, consuming an adequate amount of lutein has been shown to be an important line of defense against macular degeneration, a disease that leads to vision loss. Given its abilities to help protect eye health, improve blood glucose levels, lower blood pressure and lower the risk of certain cancers, spinach is an excellent ingredient for salads.
Fish. Omega-3 fatty acids are another incredible nutrient that your eyes need to thrive. Fatty fish like salmon, tuna and herring are some of your best options when it comes to getting omega-3 fatty acids. However, if you arent a fan of fish, try eating flaxseeds, walnuts and peanut butter, which are also packed full of omega-3 fatty acids.
Sweet Potatoes. Theres something about the color orange in natural foods.  Similarly to carrots, sweet potatoes (and yams) contain beta-carotene, which, again, helps protect the surface of the eye as well as mucous membranes and the skin around your eyes. As an added benefit, sweet potatoes also contain high levels of potassium and fiber.
Eggs. When it comes to your eyesight, the egg yolks are the most beneficial part of the whole egg. Eating eggs is an easy way to ingest lutein, which helps fight macular degeneration. Although its best to eat many of the foods listed here in their raw form to help your body get the maximum health benefits, eating slightly cooked egg yolks can still provide eye health benefits.
Beans. Beans are good for your eyesight in a variety of ways. Specifically, they contain zinc, which helps transport vitamin A through the body to your retinas, which benefit from the vitamin. Moreover, zinc helps convert vitamin A into rhodopsin, which allows you to see at night. Other foods that contain high levels of zinc include oysters, beef, seafood, poultry and pumpkin seeds.
Its best to eat a balanced diet instead of focusing on one single nutrient, because, as with zinc and vitamin A, many of these nutrients work together for your vision health. Moreover, your overall health will thank you too.
Dr. Anthony Efre is a graduate of the prestigious Pennsylvania College of Optometry. He has been in private practice for 13 years. Dr Efre is a member of the American Optometric Association and the Florida Optometric Association. Read More
Copyright  2013 iCatNames.com, we are dedicated to popular Cat names, unique Cat names, hot Cat names, top male Cat names and female Cat names.
Usually, it is considered that heavy equipment international transport is not an easy task. No doubt, it is a logical point but there are numerous possibilities for the people nowadays. This age is a modern fact for the people. There are hundreds of means to complete the difficult tasks. You have to pick one of the best tasks for the promotion of your business. Are you involved in transportation of trucks? Trucks are very heavy items and these are considered the best source of income because of higher investment. If the investments are higher for the businessmen then they can earn double profits. Would you like to save more? People who want to save more money should focus on our heavy equipment international transport services.
We are providing excellent heavy equipment international transport service. In fact, our company is involved in the transportation of big or heavy materials such as automobiles and boats. We are also providing services for the movement of excavators from one country to others. It means the people of United States of America can use our transportation services very effectively. This is a true fact about the heavy equipment international transport service. The companies looking for the best movement of heavy materials outside the United States of America should pick the heavy equipment international transport service. With the help of this service they can get more advantages. It will be better to have full information about the services we are providing in this sector. Most of the companies searching for the heavy equipment international transport should learn about the time and money savings.
The heavy equipment international transport service that saves your money and time is always best. What are the reasons? Actually, these features will enable the businessmen and companies to deal for the best times. On the other hand, the heavy equipment international transport service enables the clients to deal for the next orders on time. It is really very amazing. You are suggested to check the prominent features of heavy equipment international transport. There you will find the best ideas and concepts. It will be better to check the terms and conditions related to the heavy equipment international transport. We have a name in this field thats why the clients should focus on our cost effective and affordable heavy equipment international transport service.
Posted in equipment | Tagged "air conditional companies" plt bhd sdn in ( malaysia ) : contact mail, "buyers and suppliers" and "importer and exporter" of "energy compressor macinery tractor tyre and truck" in"turkeyr" mail, "glass companies" plt bhd sdn in ( malaysia ) : contact mail, "pipes flanges fittings companies" plt bhd sdn in ( malaysia ) : contact mail, "suppliers and buyers" "impoerters and exporters"direct contact from china mail, "suppliers and buyers" and "importers and exporters" of "automobile engine machine tools compressor and blowers metal and metallurgy machinery wedding machinery" from taiwan mail, "suppliers and buyers" contact from taiwan business directory mail, "thailand" " 66" "trade" "email" "info@" "sales@" mail, 20 importers exporters manufacturers distributors producers of heavy equipment contractor bridge, 20 manufacturer producer distributor importer and exporter of chemicals/equipment in egypt mail, 2018 manufactures producers importers exporters of pumps valves fittings pipes oil rig onshore, 249 importers exporters manufacturers distributors producers of oil, 370 exporter and importer of forklifts manufacturers, 370 palm oil manufacturer and suppliers companies contacts us in lithuania mail, 370 products suppliers of glass sheets and raw materials companies contacts us in lithuania mail, 370 ship spare parts and lambo cars spare parts companies contacts us in lithuania mail, 39 contact: machine ''wood suppliers'' in ''china'' @mail2000.com.tw mail, 39 manufacturer producer distributor importer and exporter of chemicals, 43 austria electrical machinery equipment: manufacturers mail, 43 austria iron steel manufacturers mail, 43 austria wood manufacturers mail, 44 distributor/dealers of catering/kitchen products.co.ltd mail, 44 international traders of steel and iron @yahoo.com @live.cn @sales.com @outlook.com @mail.ru mail, 47 petrochemical product and services export and supplier in norway mail, 48 manufacturers producers distributors importers, 49 germany manufacturers of cars mail, 49 oiltanking and tankers manufacturers, 49 palm oil manufacturer and suppliers companies contacts us in germany mail, 49 steel manufacturers and stainless steel products companies contacts us in germany mail, 49 transformers manufacturers, 506 costar rica fruits nuts manufacturers mail, 52 laboratory machine. co.ltd mail, 56 chemical machinery. co.ltd mail, 64 manufacturer producer distributor importer and exporter of chemicals/equipment in newzealand mail, 66 importers exporters manufacturers distributors producers of rubber plastic and host in thailand mail, 82 distributor/dealers of tooling/machinery.co.ltd mail, 82 glass products suppliers of glass sheets and raw materials. companies contacts us in korea mail, 82 importers/exporters and dealers/suppliers company mails of vehicle parts in south korea mail, 82 organic chemicals trading, 82 spare parts and machinery in petrochemical industry manufacturer and suppliers companies contacts us in korea mail, 82 transport and logistics manufacturer and suppliers companies contacts us in korea mail, 84 textile machinery industrial co. ltd. @hotmail.com vietnam mail, 84 vietnam oil and gas servicing company steel pipe steel industry mail, 852 machine tools. co.ltd mail, 86 aluminum manufacturers company 163.com emails in china mail, 86 coal manufacturers company 163.com emails in china mail, 86 hydropower potential manufacturers company 163.com emails in china mail, 86 machine manufacturers company 163.com emails in china mail, 86 mercury manufacturers company 163.com emails in china mail, 86 steel manufacturers company 163.com emails in china mail, 86 zinc manufacturers company 163.com emails in china mail, 886 distributor/dealers of poultry equipment system.co.ltd mail, 886 distributors/dealers of car oil filter.co.ltd mail, 886 distributors/dealers of lubricant oil.co.ltd mail, 886 distributors/dealers of rubber/plastics.co.ltd mail, 886 distributors/suppilers of concrete batching plants.co.ltd mail, 961 distributors/dealers of automobile machines.co.ltd mail, 968 importers exporters manufacturers distributors producers of oil, 971 distributor/suppliers of medical/surgical consumable.co. limitd mail, aeroplane manufacturers in china mail, aeroplane parts suppliers directories :contact us e-mail:sales@ info@ accounts@ mangaers@ directors@ procurements@ info@ mail, air craft suppliers business emails mail, aircraft equipments canada distributors mail, aircrafts equipment japan distributors mail, alibaba gold suppliers mail, alibaba.com manufactures distributors producers importers exporters of oil and gas electrical machines spare parts valves and fittings onshore and offshore.tiles mail, asia equipment manfacturer and wholesaler email directory asia companies mail, automobile co ltd mail, aviation parts business mail, battery manufacturers and distributors in europe 2018 directories mail, boat vessel manufacturers and distributors in europe 2018 directories mail, building glass mail, car shipper ro ro delaware, cars auto parts steel pipe wire iron rods mail, ceramics producing company asia and europe mail, charcoal dealers mail mail, chemical exporters in usa mail, chemical importer company in europe mail, chemical manufactureres and suppliers sales@ info@, chemical manufacturing company in china mail, chemicals industries directories :contact us e-mail:sales@ info@ accounts@ mangaers@ directors@ procurements@ info@ mail, chemicals suppliers directories :contact us e-mail:sales@ info@ accounts@ mangaers@ directors@ procurements@ info@ mail, coal gasifier equipments company ltd@email address mail, coal import and export companies emails in china mail, coal manufacturers suppliers exporters and importers in china mail, coil producing company asia and eorope mail, computer parts wholesales mail, construction equipments and materials distributors contact us mail, construction equipments companies in america mail, contacts of danish importers exporters and dealers mail, dealers and sellers of electrical machinery in china mail, dealers and suppliers of building glasses mail, dealers and suppliers pipe fittings in india mail, dealers on tubbing pipes in united states of america mail, distribbutors in beijing mail, distributors mail, distributors of chemical machinery, distributors of frozen fish co. ltd mail, distributors piston engine parts co. ltd mail, doors companies in italy mail, downstream industries suppliers and distributors worldwide mail, easy ryder international trading pte. ltd mail, electrical transformers distributors company mail, emails of electric ignition equipment suppliers mail, emails of manufacturers and producers in granite mail, emails of manufacturers and producers of rubber mail, emails of manufacturers producers and distributors of brass mail, emails of manufacturers producers and distributors of copper mail, emails of manufacturers producers and distributors of led mail, emails of manufacturers producers and distributors of phosphorus mail, energy manufactureres and suppliers companies sales@ info@, engine - machine mail, engine oil manufacturers and distributors 2018 directories mail, engine oil manufacturers and distributors in greece 2018 directories mail, england distributors/suppilers of hydraulis industries .co.ltd mail, europe equipment manfacturer and wholesaler email directory mail, exporters mail, exporters of fertilizers mail, exporters plastic email mail, fiber cable cable wires manufacturers and dearlers in korea 2018 web directories mail, food and beverages suppliers from india mail, footwear dealers and sellers email in asia mail, gas plant manufacturers suppliers and distributors worldwide mail, gas pump manufactures and distributors mail, glass products for construction mail, gold dealrs and manufacturers mail, grain product vietnam exporter trading .co .ltd .llc contactus emailus mail, heavy co .ltd @contact us 82 mail, heavy equipment international transport, hyperflex hardware company ltd@email address mail, importers and exporters of chemicals in uae mail, importers of chemicals in uae 971 mail, industrial batteries companies in united kingdom mail, international ship spare parts suppliers limited mail, international supply and import scrap metals companies in indonesia mail, international supply companies of soybeans in canada mail, japanese manufacturers mail, korean exporters and manufacturers mail, machine equipment companies in korea mail, machine tools: valves supplies co. ltd mail, machinery and transport equipment dealers and sellers email in turkey mail, manufacturer "contact us" ''email'' tel and fax of aircraft mail, manufacturer and distributors of direct push rigs mail, manufacturer and distributors of drilling equipment mail, manufacturer and suppliers to exporters of oil tank vessel mail, manufacturer supplirers producers importers, manufactureres and exporters of fabric wool in vietnam mail, manufacturers and exporters of all kinds of motorcycles and boat engines in japan and china mail, manufacturers and exporters of automotive component in vietnam mail, manufacturers and exporters of automotive machines and engines mail, manufacturers and exporters of factory kitchen equipments in china mail, manufacturers and exporters of footwears in china mail, manufacturers and exporters of oil and gas equipment and tools in in cambodia and thailand mail, manufacturers and exporters of wheels and car parts in japan mail, manufacturers dealers buyers salers producers importes and exporters of agricultural produce mail, manufacturers of taiwan medical instrument mail, manufacturers producers distributors importers, manufactures and exporters of industrial cable for mail, manufactures distributors producers of oil and gas valves wire rods mail, mixing equipment companies in america mail, mnufacturers and exporters of electrical machinery equipment in philipines china and indonesia mail, musical equipment companies in america mail, offshore servicing company onshore oil export and import oil serviceing tools valves steels mail, oil and gas manufacturers and exporters and importers in thailand and cambodia mail, oil and gas valves pump manufactureres suppliers exporters importers and distributors worldwide mail, oil company emails mail, oil pipe distributors in china mail, oil pipe suppliers in china mail, oil producer and exporter mail, oil suppliers gorey mail, olive oil manufacturer and suppliers in south america mail, petro chemical companies in america mail, phamaceuticals suppliers mail, pharmaceuticals and organic chemicals dealer in america and europe mail, pharmaceuticals and organic chemicals exporters and importers in the world mail, pharmaceuticals and organic chemicals wholesalers in south korea mail, pharmaceuticals export companies mail, pipe and fittings manufacturers suppilers exporters importers and distributors in iran mail, pipe sales industrial.co. ltd @msa.hinet.net mail, pressure vessel manufactureres suppliers and distributors worldwide mail, pressure vessel manufacturers suppliers and distributors mail, producers and manufacturers of bathroom accessories in america mail, producers and manufacturers of building glasses in america mail, raw materials mail, refined petroleum companies south korea mail, rod engines suppliers emails mail, screws nuts manufacturers and dearlers in korea 2018 web directories mail, sheet dealers mail, ship dealers mail, shipping-cars.com, shoes dealers mail, skincare products dealers mail mail, south korea company manufactures submarine email contact mail, steel expoters mail, steel industries and factory in japan mail, steel manufacturer contact mail, steel pipes manufacturers and dearlers in korea 2018 web directories mail, sugar companies in america mail, suppliers importers exporters manufacturers producers distributors of crude oil oil, suppliers in asia business email contact mail, taiwan chemicals suppliers companies manufacturers ltd directory mail, taiwan companies mail, taiwan machinery exporters mail, textile company in india mail, textile distributor ".com.co" mail, textiles and clothing dealers and sellers email in italy mail, tractor suppliers business sellers emails mail, truck companies australia mail, truck companies llc dubai mail, turkish supplier and export of security doors window and furniture mail, tyre manufacturers in america mail, united kingdom exporters mail, vacuum breaker exporter importer manufacturers suppliers distributors and industries worldwide mail, valves chemical steel pipes wire rods ship boats offshore drilling equipments mail, vehicle parts dealers and manufacturers mail, vehicle parts wholesalers in asia europe and america mail, vessel co. ltd mail, wigs companies sales suppliers, produces, dealers, manufacturers distributors importer and exporters
This is a placeholder page for Jeremy Guzman, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Jeremy Guzman.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Jeremy Guzman. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Jeremy Guzman. We created this page automatically in hopes Jeremy Guzman would find it. If you are not Jeremy Guzman, but are an alumni of Gridley High School Gridley, CA, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Gridley High School	of Gridley, California
The time has come for our maple syrup project to come to an end. We are collecting our last run and pulling taps. We have learned a lot this year and are excited to show you our GRITTY work this Tuesday.
Suboxone Support Group  this is a closed group designed to support the recovery of clients enrolled in the FNCH Suboxone Maintenance Program.  This is a co-ed group utilizing a process-oriented model of group therapy.  Clients in this group are being prescribed suboxone by the FNCH Psychiatrist.  These clients agree to abide by all parameters of the FNCH Suboxone Program (i.e. weekly UAs, weekly attendance of the Suboxone Group and weekly individual therapy sessions with a suboxone trained therapist, periodic psychiatric appointments, complete abstinence from all substances apart from their prescribed suboxone).
Gypsum is fast in solidification. When mix with water, it produces massive calcium ions and sulfate ions and negatively affect foaming agent stability. Gypsum foaming agent is the answer to this problem.
In cluster analysis a dendrogram ([r] cluster dendrogram and, for example, everitt and dunn, 1991, johnson and wichern, 1988) is a tree graph that can be used to examine how clusters are formed in hierarchical cluster analysis ([r] cluster singlelinkage, [r. Chapter 6 reading assessments 3 a language problem, a comprehensive reading assessment should include a speech and language assessment1 your child's hearing and vision should be. English language arts standards  reading: literature  introduction for 6-12 print this page the following standards offer a focus for instruction each year and help ensure that students gain adequate exposure to a range of texts and tasks. Hampton brown edge level c, unit 2, cluster 1 2 of 6 because the map names two other high schools - palm beach lakes high school in florida and ball high school in texas. 363 cluster analysis depends on, among other things, the size of the data file methods commonly used for small data sets are impractical for data files with thousands of cases.
Cluster 1: comprehension and collaboration lafs2sl11 participate in collaborative conversations with diverse partners about grade 2 topics and texts with peers and adults in small and larger groups. 60s cluster section reading form answer each question with one or two complete sentences these answers must be typed - either directly onto the reading form or on a separate sheet of paper you must complete the one reading form each week during weeks 1 and 3. A cluster diagram or clustering diagram is a general type of diagram, which represents some kind of cluster a cluster in general is a group or bunch of several discrete items that are close to each other. Learn 1 reading cluster eastern with free interactive flashcards choose from 134 different sets of 1 reading cluster eastern flashcards on quizlet.
Start studying lafs reading cluster 1 learn vocabulary, terms, and more with flashcards, games, and other study tools. Reading comprehension is a cluster that interprets the broad measure of reading vocabulary and passage comprehension skills another cluster is broad reading, which is a combined measure of reading decoding and comprehension skills. In addition to previewing and skimming the material, you can learn to cluster words this not only increases your reading speed, it's also supposed to improve reading comprehension.
Professional development is an essential part of reading recovery, utilizing a three-tiered approach that includes teachers, teacher leaders, and university trainers professional development for all reading recovery professionals begins with an academic year of graduate-level study and continues in subsequent years. To answer these questions for cluster 3 schools, early grade reading assessment (egra) data were collected from 112 randomly selected program and control schools without the program in 9 districts in uganda 1 in october, 2015 from 1,504 program learners and 1,432 control learners at the end of p1 and. Lafs1w11 write opinion pieces in which they introduce the topic or name the book they are writing about, state an opinion, supply a reason for the opinion, and provide some sense of closure.
Hampton brown edge level c, unit 1, cluster 3 2 of 7 i is incorrect because although this is another example of the wisdom of uncle tommy as spoken to mitch at the bottom of page 80, it is not the theme of the short story. Cluster showing top 8 worksheets in the category - cluster some of the worksheets displayed are thr cluster activities, prewriting strategies work clusteringmind map, ibm powerha systemmirror rapid deploy cluster work, reading practice consonant clusters, lesson plan 1 choose your favorite career cluster, career cluster work, about the careers are everywhere, language consonant clusters. About this course: in this course, you learn how to install the kubernetes command-line interface (cli), and create a kubernetes cluster on which to run applications hands-on tutorials show you how to deploy microservices to a kubernetes cluster you also learn about securing and managing a. Teaching ideas for reading texts prior to school 1st cluster 2nd cluster reading texts involves recognising words automatically, reading in a phrased and uent way and navigating texts to create meaning.
Best practice indicates that cluster scores be comprised of at least two or three subtests which are under the test's same theory of cognitive abilities/processes, and preferably. Cluster 1 a reader reflection p 1b reading gains test #1 (12 -16 13) edge level b eld/intervention curriculum guide 2013-2014 time frame week. Ccssela-literacyrf13d use knowledge that every syllable must have a vowel sound to determine the number of syllables in a printed word ccssela-literacyrf13e decode two-syllable words following basic patterns by breaking the words into syllables. 2009 english language arts tests standard and performance indicator map with answer key grade 8 question type reading/writing cluster 3 : n/a book 2.
After reading a factual text about a topic being studied, eg, a farm, provide a copy of the text to a group or pair of students ask students to write what they think they would be able to hear or smell if they were there. Education cluster budget estimates 2018-19 1 - 3 overview of cluster expenses by state outcome a summary of expenses by state outcome is provided in the chart and table below. View notes - reading_10 cluster analysis- basic concepts from cs 412 at university of illinois, urbana champaign contents 10 cluster analysis: basic concepts and methods 101 cluster analysis . Cluster 1 cluster 2 cluster 3 literary and reading strategy focus build throughout the unit vocabulary, grammar, and writing in every unit 9 50 unit 1 choices.
Copyright 2005. Unreal Tournament is a registered trademark of Epic Games, Inc. Content contained on this website is the property of OmnipotentS and may not be used without express permission. By viewing this site you are agreeing to our rules of conduct and behavior.
this month sounds good for an as night. Hopefully analog can chime in soon about the status of the server.
Lets try for PDay! The only issue should be getting the ports open on the new firewall for the AS server, we'll test it this weekend
Gotta love some some AS night action!! Presidents day is the 20th right, so that means we are talking next weekend, AS server up the 18th and 19th?
Should we have the event "start" at 4:00 PM EST on Saturday, just so there is a definitive open time?
How about Monday, the 20th? The HoC Winter Freon tourney is on Saturday night, and many AS regulars, myself included, are committed to the tourney that night.
If Monday evening is the day, I can advertise on HoC, and a new server message can be put up on the ONS server.
"Conan! What is best in life?" ... "To crush your enemies, to see them driven before you, and to hear the lamentations of their women."
Not a bad idea, we know there are a couple of LONG time HoC members that love AS far more then freon and just don't want to admit it!
What goes into Roasted Veal Chops and Sweetbreads with Lemon and Rosemary? Well, obviously, veal chops, lemon and rosemary. Veal sweetbreads are the thymus gland of the animal, and have a mild flavor and creamy texture; theyre often considered the best of all sweetbreads.
Julia Child acquired this recipe from Daniel Boulud, whose restaurant Daniel is one of the hottest eating spots in Manhattan. You can find a two-part video of its preparation linked here.
It starts with roasting the veal chops in a pan with vegetables. The ones were using are carrots, celery, turnips, and fingerling and redskin potatoes. The original recipe also calls for fennel; were using fennel seed. The sweetbreads are pierced with a sprig of fresh rosemary from our rooftop, fried in hot oil to crisp them, and seasoned with salt, pepper and lemon juice.
The chops are then roasted with slices of, and juice from, lemons (were using Meyer lemons  for their fragrance and sweetness), white wine (were using dry vermouth), more fresh rosemary and chopped parsley. Each meal will feature a chop topped with a sweetbread, surrounded by the vegetables and drizzled with vermouth-enhanced veal jus.
The Tenant is still taking care of you while the Levines are awaythis time with a preview of a Julia Project dish thats pretty basic.
Braised Lamb Shanks with Baby Fall Vegetables is a variation on a Julia recipe from Mastering the Art of French Cooking Volume 1 called Navarin Printannier, or Lamb Stew with Spring Vegetables. The differences between Julias version and the Bistros version will be these: first, theyre doing it with lamb shanks rather than chunks of lamb stew meat; and second, given that its September, theyre using (duh) baby fall vegetables rather than spring veggies. According to Chef Todd, the costars of this dish, which will braise along with the lamb shanks in their tomato/garlic/onion/herb sauce based on beef stock, will be carrots, parsley root, parsnips, turnips, fingerling potatoes and Peruvian (blue) potatoes, as well as peas and green beans.
Sounds like a hearty fall dish to me. Ill let you know how it tastes tonight, but why take my word for itcome on in and get firsthand experience!
yes, its been rather quiet around here  not many bites, or bits, or even tidbits. but sometimes, theres just too much fun-i-mean-important-projects-of-course going on offline, and not enough time to be diligent.
to tie you over till the next post (soon, baby, soon!), heres a hilarious post about parody menus that were handed out at the recent park slope googamooga food festival failure.
This entry was posted on May 29, 2012 at 12:09 pm and is filed under anderswo, dies und das / random stuff, ENGLISH, foodisms, obamaland.	You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
Holly wants to be a hip-hop ho, but these OG's need to know for sure that this bitch and her bangin' ass has what it takes to hang with them! Out come one-two-three-four big black meat pipes, willing to gang fuck this cracker ass brother-lover back into h
Holly wants to be a hip-hop ho, but these OG's need to know for sure that this bitch and her bangin' arse has what it takes to hang with them! Out come one-two-three-four big black meat pipes, ready to gang fuck this cracker arse brother-lover back into h
Holly wants to be a hip-hop ho, but these OG's need to know for sure that this bitch and her bangin' ass has what it takes to hang with them! Out come one-two-three-four big black meat pipes, ready to gang fuck this cracker ass brother-lover back into her
Holly desires to be a hip-hop ho, but these OG's need to know for sure that this bitch and her bangin' ass has what it takes to hang with them! Out come one-two-three-four big black meat pipes, willing to gang fuck this cracker ass brother-lover back into
The Government Medical College is one of the reputed and leading hospitals established by the State Govt of Uttar Pradesh. It is situated in Chakrapanpur Azamgarh ( U.P.) in the year 2008 with only Out Patient Department and it catered to the needs of the localities developing around Azamgarh township. Later in the year 2008, Indoor Services were started in the specialized fields of General Surgery, Medicine, Ophthalmology, Orthopedics, ENT, Gynaecology and Obstetrics, Pathology, Radiology, Dermatology and Dentistry. Initially the hospital had strength of only ten beds. However in the year 2008, this strength was increased to 140 in order to fulfill the demands of the ever-increasing number of patients.
The Government Medical College has since witnessed a sure and steady growth catering to the continuous medical needs of the public. In the year 2008, one of the best Physiotherapy Units of the State was established in the hospital with all modern equipments and having a pleasant music filled air-conditioned atmosphere, which is one of the unique features available only in this Hospital.
The advancement in medical science has increased our longevity and reduced mortality rate. However rapid industrialization and proliferation of technology in all walks of life More...
Walk-in interview for the post of Professor, Associate professor and Asst. Professor/Lecturer 14.11.18 onwards. Walk-in interview for professor, Associate professor and Asst. Professor/Lecturer on 12.10.2018.
Indoor Services were started in the specialized fields of General Surgery, Medicine, Ophthalmology, Orthopedics, ENT, Gynaecology and Obstetrics, Pathology, Radiology, Dermatology and Dentistry. Initially the hospital
Got something to say, but it's not about Utena? Well aren't you in luck! Talk about anime, real life, favorite foods, and the stock market!
Hey! You! You like Utena, right? Or maybe you prefer Touga. Oh, a Juri fan? Well either way, talk about the show we love, the characters we relate to, and the duel songs that make us all giddy inside.
The dessert forum -- free of nutrition like the road to perdition! For quickpost forum games, one-liner threads, online quizzes, and all else that you don't have to think about too much.
I wonder how much longer it will be until the masses realize there is a better life waiting with performance Porsche models,930 in particular , now that Ferrari, Aston and some (lesser ) Porsche models have all gone to the moon. I already have some, get yours while the choices are still good.
I should add, if you have the money to purchase a decent used Ferrari (especially a Testarossa) and spending said money would not really have too much of a financial impact on you overall I would go for it. Honestly I think the Testarossa pricing is near an all-time low. Look at the history of prices for the Berlinetta Boxer, it seemed as if the prices shot up overnight. They were at an all time low then all of a sudden collectors with money say them as the historicaly important car they allways were. The Testarossa is more common but I see no reason why it will not do the same.
12 cylinder engine, and on a Ferrari this is one of the most important appeal points. The sound of a Ferrari 12 cylinder is so operatic! It's an experiance that all should be at the very least in the audience of, but if you are conducting the symphony of 12 pistons with your own foot it's even better.
At the time it was one of the worlds fastest cars. Sure, others have came along and are faster but they can't take away this historically important position from the Testarossa.
And last but perhaps most important is the body style itself. The Testarossa is arguably one of the most iconic cars of not just the 1980's, but ever! People see it and to this day associate it with the Ferrari marquee perhaps more-so than any other car Ferrari ever produced. Was it Ferraris best car? No, but it is among the most rememberable. Even a child, they might not know it is called a Testarossa but they would still be able to identify it as a Ferrari. I am younger than many on this board (1982), but I remember having pictures of that car up on my bedroom wall as far back as when I was 6. The car is more than just a car, it's a work of art.
why is there so much religious undertones with Gard's seems to be praise this and that worship this and that
is this not abit like zombies been done to much allot of chat iv seen in game has been very anti Gard due in part to the religious undertones.
Pretty much all mainstream fantasy involves gods and worship of some sort but usually it's just background filler. The conflict between the Guardians' faith in the Vigil and the Defiants' belief in self-determination/magitech however is the lore's real "hook". Their different worldviews is what makes Telara different from other fantasy worlds where you often have more clear-cut good and evil factions. The whole notion of what it means to be Ascended and what their role ultimately becomes hinges on the intervention of the gods and the reaction Telara's races have to that. I suppose if people take it seriously and try to create real-life connections between real life conflict over religious beliefs then either faction could be seen as grating but that's not a path I'm even remotely going to start down...
I thought people preferred Defiants because our female leader is hotter. Not because of the religious beliefs of the Guardians.
Actually I don't like guardians because I don't like religion, now I understand it's fictional, but I couldn't stand being a character that "praises" something.
Keep in mind that this is Fantasy, so the "religion" is as equally practical as any technology or war plan. Here, the gods and the worship get stuff done, and there is tangible proof of their existence.
(I see the Defiants as worshiping their technology, they swear by it and trust it as much as any Guardian and their gods. How similar we all are.)
I guess my point is illustrated thusly: If I could go to my real-world Church and say a prayer that caused an actual beam of light to come down and actually raise the dead, I might attend Church a bit more often.
If I could go to my real-world Church and say a prayer that caused an actual beam of light to come down and actually raise the dead, I might attend Church a bit more often.
Same for me. Guardian quests are pray at this, praise that, boring. Defiant quests are sabotage this, blow that up, and just all-around much more fun for me. The completionist in me wants to roll a Guardian to see the details on that side that I've missed but... I never manage to get very far.
That said, I like the game the way it is. I don't like the religious undertones personally so I don't play that side - I play the other side. Not a big deal.
I'm not sure you can really call the Guardians religious, since the whole point of religion is believing in something for which you have no proof, i.e. having faith.
The Guardians god, the Vigil, sends messengers down on a daily basis, so there really is no need for faith. They know their god exists!
That is the entire point. You essentially have one of the great existential battles that has had philosophers arguing for millenia. What is the true purpose of existence? 1. Growth through faith in something greater outside the self and 2. Or growth through faith in the self?
Far better is it to dare mighty things, to win glorius triumphs, even though checkered by failure... than to rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy nor suffer much, because they live in a gray twilight that knows not victory nor defeat.
This pretty much sums up the general theme of the Guardian/Defiant divide. Though, it should be pointed out that the Defiants still believe in gods/spirits, though the whole relationship between Defiants and the gods/spirits is more shamanistic (pacts with spirits for power/protection/etc) as opposed to your more western style worship of deities.
Hyundai Heavy Industries Co. Bulgaria is a worldwide leader in the manufacturing of power transformers. Our team consists of qualified engineers and experienced technicians using the most modern and up-to-date design technology. All transformers in our product range are a result of our own research, development and manufacturing, which makes us unique in the industry
With over half Century of expiriance our strong engineering team had established dynamic system to perform:
The research function of the design department was transferred to the R&D section, established in 2014.
Our designs meet all client special requirements and the applicable national as well as international standards such as IEC, EN, ANSI, NEMA, BS, etc.
Our cores are of the plane type and overlap joints (at 45) of the core laminations. The cores are made of high quality, cold-rolled silicon steel, grain-oriented with low losses, 0,23-0,3 mm thickness, coated with organic and/or non-organic coating.
Our windings are made of copper conductor (rectangular, multiple and transposed types) covered with several layers of highly temperature resistent insulation paper and/or enamel coating of high dielectric strength.
The tank and cover are manufactured of high quality hot rolled steel sheets, profile balks and strips. The interior of the tank, cover and pipes are painted with oil resistant paint. The exterior is painted according to C5M painting procedurs. The transformer structure is designed and manufactured to withstand full vacuum, stresses resulting from oil hydraulic pressure, dynamic forces during transportation, etc.
Dr. Vandana Sharma is Project Director for the External Evaluation of the Disasters and Emergencies Preparedness Programme at HHI and a Research Associate at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health. She is a public health researcher with expertise in maternal and child health, HIV, and gender issues. Her research includes randomized trials of community-based interventions to reduce maternal mortality in northern Nigeria and of interventions to reduce HIV transmission and intimate partner violence in Ethiopia. She is also conducting mixed methods research in humanitarian settings to understand gender-based violence in these contexts. She earned her MD from the University of Western Ontario and an MPH from Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health where she was a Sommer Scholar.
Last week I reported that Atlanta Hawks big man Dewayne Dedmon would miss a few weeks due to a foot injury. Earlier today (Thursday morning), the Atlanta Hawks updated Dedmons time table to return
History was made at the Highlight Factory last night. The Atlanta Hawks picked up their first home win of the 2018-17 NBA season, just their third win of the year but it was
The last two games for the Atlanta Hawks have been thrilling nail biters to say the least. As the new look Atlanta Hawks roster continues to gel and learn their roles in Coach Buds
The 2017-18 NBA season tips off October 17th and the Atlanta Hawks are ready to get things rolling again. On Monday September 25th the Atlanta Hawks Basketball Club hosted the teams 2017 Media Day
On Monday September 18th, the 3rd annual PGA Tour Atlanta Celebrates the TOUR Championship event took place at the College Football Hall of Fame in downtown Atlanta. The event brought together the Atlanta business
Recently, HHS1987s Terrell Thomas caught up with newly signed Atlanta Hawks big man DeWayne Dedmon. DeWayne Dedmon signed a two year deal with the Atlanta Hawks own July 21st. Via the Atlanta Hawks Last
The Atlanta Hawks Basketball Club has signed center Dewayne Dedmon, it was announced today by General Manager and Head of Basketball Operations Travis Schlenk. Per team policy, terms of the agreement were not disclosed.
Enter To Win 2 Tickets To See MGMs Upcoming Private Screening of CREED II in Atlanta MGM is gearing up for the release of the highly anticipated film CREED II... Enter To Win 2 Tickets To See 20th Century Foxs Upcoming Private Screening of WIDOWS in Atlanta 20th Century is gearing up for the release of the highly anticipated film WIDOWS... Montell Jordan Talks His Career, Life as a Pastor, New Music, LeBrons Lakers, Atlantas Sports Culture and More (Video) On Thursday November 1st before he rocked the crowd at halftime of the Atlanta... Spodee Reveals The Artwork & Tracklist For His Upcoming Project The Rose 2Hip-Hop artist has delivered several hit projects over the past few years and as we... BattleAcademyTV Jae Millz & K-Shine talk upcoming battle and whats next for the future!The battle academy tv caught up with superstar battle rappers Jae Millz and K-Shine to... Stories to Bragg About with Mont Brown (Documentary)Courtland Bragg sits down with Southwest Phialdephias Hip Hop Humanitarian, Mont Brown to discuss his... Wolfe Leone  Rocstarr (Official Video)West Philly has always been one of the most known areas in Philadelphia. Since the...
Tru Life  Walking on Water (Album Stream)NYC cult hero Tru Life just dropped his first project in 11 years, Walking On Water. His story is one of... Bernard Jabs  BIG TYMERSIn an era where there seems to be a side-story of viral fame or leveraging... Nef The Pharaoh & Shootergang Kony  Vice VersaNef The Pharaoh & Shootergang Kony collab for this refreshing 6 song EP full of... Yella Beezy  Sinners Prayer (Video)Yella Beezy begins to return to form in this new video for the song Sinners... Mamba Cinco  Why They Mad (Video)Tune in to the Regg B Visual for new music by Mamba Cinco called Why They... Trippie Redd  A Love Letter to You 3 (Album Stream)EMo-rap icon Trippie Redd drops off an official new mixtape called A Love Letter to... Lil Peep  Come Over When Youre Sober, Pt. 2 (Bonus)Tune in to this posthumous 13 track album from the late great emo rap rising...
Mamba Cinco  Why They Mad (Video)Tune in to the Regg B Visual for new music by Mamba Cinco called Why They... LOWFi  Crooked Halo Ft. Von Wilda (Video)Baltimore / Florida hip-hop collective LOWFi are back again with more material off of their... Khalid  Better (Video)Khalid returns today with the fresh visuals for his latest hit, Better. The track is currently sitting pretty at number 3... Phlow  Asuai (Vol. 2) (Video) Lagos, Nigerias burgeoning emcee/songwriter, Phlow brings her recently released EP, the great Asuai (Vol. 2),... NAV  Know Me (Video)Nav unleashes this brand new video and song called Know Me. The crispy visual with... Ms. Jade x Nina Ross aka Thelma and Louise ft. Freeway  Hate In Your Blood (Video)From the artistic expressions of D.S The Writer https://instagram.com/dsthewriter (Director) comes the Visual of Hate... RE77  No Sweat (Video)Making good on his word with an early Fall release for fans, RVIDER KLVN founding...
Montell Jordan Talks His Career, Life as a Pastor, New Music, LeBrons Lakers, Atlantas Sports Culture and More (Video) On Thursday November 1st before he rocked the crowd at halftime of the Atlanta... Montell Jordan Performs This Is How We Do It (Sacramento Kings vs. Atlanta Hawks) (11-1-18) (Video) On Thursday November 1st, R&B great Montell Jordan hit the court at State Farm... BattleAcademyTV Jae Millz & K-Shine talk upcoming battle and whats next for the future!The battle academy tv caught up with superstar battle rappers Jae Millz and K-Shine to... Kilo Vasquez X Yung Mojo  From Nothing (Shot By BNasty Films)One of Phillys hardest working upcoming artists, Kilo Vasquez links up with Yung Mojo to... Stories to Bragg About with Mont Brown (Documentary)Courtland Bragg sits down with Southwest Phialdephias Hip Hop Humanitarian, Mont Brown to discuss his... Wolfe Leone  Rocstarr (Official Video)West Philly has always been one of the most known areas in Philadelphia. Since the... The Battle Academy Presents Philly Vs. Delaware  Automatik Vs. Bruno BrinksOctober 20 Philadelphias number 1 battle league started off there tour with Philly vs Delaware...
I got to mine having drunk a pint of water, and was told that they were finding it difficult to see so I had to go and empty my bladder!
Yep they say a pint helps hun , But at 22 weeks iam sure they will get a great pic anyway . Good luck have fun . xx .
I didnt drink any before and the scan was very clear, we saw the legs crossed over at the ankles and little feet, his little willy etc, she said she was very happy with the scan and everything she saw, I think the pint of water applies more to the 12 week scan as LO is still very small
I'm hoping baby will be awake as it's not usually active at 4pm. i'm also hoping those little legs will be wiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiide open so we can see their bits!!!! That way I won't have to ask what it is!
I got told not to bother at my 20 week scan cos baby was bg enough but i dont see the harm in drinking a bit anyway!
i was told to wee at my scan yesterday. but cus LO was playing up she said drink a cold drink to get her moving, hope that helps x
One more question please ladies: Do they talk you through what they are looking at or is it all done in silence? At my 12 week scan, the lady talked through everything, but I'm wondering if they hold back info so as not to make the sex obvious.
Yeh they should talk it through with you mine did! As for the water its easier to empty ur bladder than fill it so i drank b4 hand! Good luck
As soon as we got in the room she asked if we would want to know the sex, I said we did, she did her checks and measurements during the whole scan and explained to us what she was measuring and pointed out all the bits and bobs and explained how baby was laying, the lady was lovely and the kids loved hearing all about the baby and seeing it all
I drank a pint of water before I went and the sonographer asked me to empty my bladder coz it was pushing baby up under my belly button and was casting a shadow so she couldn't get the measurements.
They didn't tell me anything as they were doing it. After she'd done it she was showing me the things but not whilst she was doing it. She said she would be quite coz she's concentrating and that it didn't mean there was something wrong with bubs xxx
Depends on the sonographer....at a 20wk scan they have a lot of things on their checklist to scan, check and measure and they need to be accurate so she may be quiet for quite a while as she does all that.
As you're going into the room and before she starts make sure you tell her if you want pics and if you wanna know the sex as it will give her more opportunity to look or get a good picture rather than just looking at the end of the scan.
Momtastic.com is a property of TotallyHer Media, LLC, an Evolve Media LLC company.  2018 All rights reserved.
Artiklen er lavet i samarbejde med den eller de virksomheder, der linkes til i denne artikel. Indlgget er alts betalt - det samme glder eventuelle hyperlnker.
Shepherd Stubbs Limited  Bedford, Bedfordshire  Our client, an international consultancy is looking to recruit a GLP Study Director to work within their brand new Laboratory in Bedford. In this role you will work closely with the Operational Director, Quality Manager, Laboratory Manager and other Business Leaders to reach company goals to grow the business. Youll be responsible for the implementation of a new GLP lab-phase service and this role will give you the opportunity to build and develop a new team and develop your career in one of the UKs leading multi-disciplinary consultancies. Your key responsibilities will be to: Grow the new GLP Team Train and provide guidance to team members and peers in departmental procedures and contribute to development of technical expertise in others Ensure targets on client projects are met to deadline Assist the development of Standard Operating Procedures for the facility Ensure study compliance in line with OECD GLP principles Provide single point study control   Permanent  Full-time
The Digital Innovation & Analytics Director will operate at two levels:. Director Digital Innovation and Analytics in Pharma Supply Chain Tech is accountable... To apply for this job vacancy in GlaxoSmithKline you must be qualified and you should prepare the required documents, click on the job link for more details.
IQVIA has an outstanding opportunity to join their industry leading NHS Commercial Director team - bringing together expert local health economy stakeholder... To apply for this job vacancy in IQVIA IES Germany GmbH you must be qualified and you should prepare the required documents, click on the job link for more details.
Contribute to the establishment and promotion of strategy, plans and best practice in SHESQ matters in conjunction with the SHEQS Director and Head of SHESQ... To apply for this job vacancy in Murphy Group you must be qualified and you should prepare the required documents, click on the job link for more details.
WISH Project Director - Nov 2018 FINAL.doc. The WISH Project Director has overall responsibility for the successful implementation of the WISH Lot 1 contract by... To apply for this job vacancy in Marie Stopes International you must be qualified and you should prepare the required documents, click on the job link for more details.
Director of Business Development - (CAM-RCM_12457) About the role This exciting and impactful role will be responsible for establishing key relationships... To apply for this job vacancy in Abcam you must be qualified and you should prepare the required documents, click on the job link for more details.
Note: This job listing with titled "Study Director" was indexed from different job portals. This job might be expired or closed for accepting CV's so we suggest to browse it from the new jobs menu of this site. Our website is an open community website for assisting job seeker so if you found some broken links or error in our site don't hesitate to contact us to fix the issue. Thank you for using our free services.
the camera dive so skin close to the action, everything seems exstremely alive, spontanious and has loads of nerve and nerves-almost barock situations mixed with the painful truths of dysfunctional family relations a stunning experience
 rarely have we felt such precence in norwegian film as in Cabin fever. Mona J. Hoels familydrama, stating each end of this word, has become a hillariously entertaining, scaringly realistic, and claustrofobic film that you fysically feel in your body, long after you have left the cinema. Many things can go wrong in this uncomfortably recognizable family, loads of stuff could come loose in this fragilly constructed family, and so it does, much like the small stone that creates an earthquake. The ensemble of actors does an enormeous job.The drunk father, the fasade building mother are both fantastic
it stinks, it is brutal, evil and glimmers with great actingperformances. Four grown up children celebrates christmas with their families and Polish inlaws. The cabin grows tighter each second, the father is getting more and more drunk as usual. While nice neighbours sing christmas songs outside, a son is trying to suffocate his father. Merry christmas!
It is a joy to observe how a group of established theatre actors are formed into first class film actors.
this film does not play with emotions, does not act on conflicts, this film feels honest, is honestly thought out, honestly meant, honestly articulated, honestly madethe scenens worked out with a concious use of light and shadow
Mona J. Hoel gives the actors a huge space, and thank God for this, but an intelligent and careful director always does. We could say, a succsessful Norwegian dogma film, we rather say, a succsessful, engaging Norwegian film that will stir up many emotions, create thoughts that will stick with you for al olong time
with a witty glim, satiric humour, this story is so well told, I have never seen it before in any Norwegian film and as if that is not enough, finally we got the norwegian film where all the actors and I mean all, have thought film and not theatre in front of the camera. It is wonderfully solvedI will tell you, I could not sit still for one secondI dont think this film will win the Oscar, but I am sure it will take loads of prizes home.
this film is like a mental preparation for the ritual celebration we all have to go through in about a months timeuse it as a rehearsal
as christmas eve goes by and the alcohol starts giving its effect, the dead bodies start falling out of the cupboards, what is supposed to be a family idyl turn out to be hiding an emotional living helland everything turns into the tragic comicCabin fever is the best norwegian film for a long time. It is rare to see such acting as we see in this film. You smply feel you are in there in the family and conflict since everyone will recognize something in all of this characters, since all the personal elements are universal. Not many filmmakers could do this. Mona J. Hoe has in her fantastic script, energetic directing without any dead points.
rarely have we witnessed family fasades break up to such an extent as they do in Cabin fever. The ideal immage of a big western family falls to pieces and becomes a crater of broken emotions. IOt nails you to your seat and keeps you stuck until the end and although it is painful, it is worth its prize.
Always keep in mind that dreams are the only things reflecting how we lead a life in reality, or the real life experiences. However, these dreams mostly mirror fantastic things and sometimes frightening spectacle. Theres no way for such ordinary beings like us to predict what exactly those dreams really mean through witnessing from the beginning to the end of the happening. The best way to avoid yourself from being annoyed by them is to take some natural sleep aids to ensure your high comfort in bed.
In some cases, you can dream about marrying an old man or a young handsome boy, it will denote something esoteric or like a warning for you. More importantly, these dreams could have a certain affect on your real life experiences. A dream interpretation about marriage can be a signal of your pent-up emotions and inner thoughts. Its best to understand what really happened to your love life by being more careful of your own conduct as well as the possible risks right ahead of you.
For those who have had a dream about something like a long-term commitment or harmony between two people in love, it signifies that those people are apparently undergoing such a big development phrase during that time. By dreaming like that, it shows how you have so many opposite aspects related to yourself in reality. Also, it occasionally displays the unification from the last separation in the past. The most common interpretations about marriage would be great advice while teaching you to take advantage of noticeable qualities and characteristics that you need to incorporate within yourself to turn bad things into better.
If you dream about a marriage with your ex, it suggests that youve realized what both you and that person lack from the past failed relationship, learned from the previous mistakes, and knew how to turn it for better. By knowing some commonality in the current bond with the past one, it means that you both are fully aware of the differences and similarities that help you not to make the same mistakes again.
This is the symbol of reaffirmation of the harmonious commitment between two souls in a relationship. When its mentioned in your dream, it signifies such a crucial step or a sort of transitional stage that has just occurred in your life. If you see yourself attending a wedding in the dream, it means that wedding seems to put a great influence on your commitment, relationship, and independence. Occasionally, the dream is also a good sign of the utmost feelings about bitterness, depression, sorrow, or even death.
If that is your wedding in which you marry your spouse once again, it just reminds how happy and blissful your marital life really is in real life. The dream wants to emphasize the great commitment of the bond you both are sharing with each other.
There is a wide variety of dream interpretation options that you may want to give a try including Common Dreams, Dream Dictionaries, and Dream Statistics. Theres no need to register a free account to have access to every service offered online, what you have to do is to type what youve dreamt about right into the textbox online; then, click interpret to get the true meanings or a full reflection of all your vague dreams.
Find the best dream interpretation tool online for the most accurate explanation for whatever you dream every night. Feel free to type your own dream to receive the best results automatically answered by the most talented dream interpreters. Enjoy them in different methods.
For more news related to the topic Dream Interpretations About Marriage, please have all questions addressed to the textbox online right now.
Foster Castaneda is a professional content crafter at Free Dream Interpretation website. He enjoys writing a collection of dream aspects to serve peoples curiosity and hopes that whatever he had written so far somehow can benefit them. Whatever you want to discover about the dream, Foster has presented here!
Dr. Miranda Grey is a psychiatrist who works in a penitentiary, in the mental institution sector. She is married with Dr. Douglas Grey, the chief ...
Mort Rainey is a successful writer going through a rather unfriendly divorce from his wife of ten years, Amy. Alone and bitter in his cabin, ...
An orphan girl dreams of becoming a ballerina and flees her rural Brittany for Paris, where she passes for someone else and accedes to the ...
Bart Hughes has a pretty good life, a beautiful wife, a young son, a good job with promotion prospects, and a renovated brownstone in New ...
Worried about what to expect from Social Security? Find out what Social Security retirement benefits and options are available to you and your family (including divorced spouse benefits), as well as when and how to file a claim.
The SuicideGirls: Blackheart Burlesque is unlike any other burlesque act youve ever seen, filled with pop culture references, a high energy indie soundtrack and the sexiest choreography that will make your inner nerd explode with glee. Choreographed by one of their very own  you can see Star Wars, Rick and Morty, Stranger Things, Sailor Moon, and more! (18+)
VIP Meet & Greet tickets include early entry for a meet and greet and photo with the performers, one item autographed by the girls, crowd-free merch shopping and a commemorative VIP laminate lanyard. (* VIP Meet and Greet is at 6:30 pm for this show *)
 2017 Events by The Flower Studio | Customized by Rudy & Marta|ProPhoto Custom Blog|Dawn Alderman Design
The need for these sofas is rather high. In maintaining with this demand, numerous makers and merchants too, are developing the chesterfield sofas. So, the clients have more choices now, as well as at the same time, even more opportunities to obtain confused. Naturally, you will certainly have to take care in picking the appropriate chesterfield couch for your home. For that, however, you should take particular important steps. If you are not knowledgeable about them, have a look at the complying with lines.
Well, there are different websites that offer the chesterfield couches. Normally, you will certainly be able to choose up some website where you will certainly get these sofas. Of all, you need to make sure that you are buying the couch from a reputed shop.
Related posts from furniture jane velvet sofa effect chair room with blue gray tufted sectional modern vintage red tory burch green for spotlight melbourne full size springs cream colored upholstery
The United States has a long standing tradition of privately financed political campaigns, and also attempts at political campaign finance reform for just as long. However, it has only been in recent years that political campaign finance reform has had an impact on the elections of politicians.
On January 19, 1999 the bipartisan campaign reform act, was introduced to congress by, senators John McCain, and Russ Feingold. The provisions of the McCain-Feingold bill include above all, a ban on soft money. Soft money as it is called, are political donations made in such a way as to avoid federal regulations or limits. This type of donation is accomplished by donating to a party organization rather than to a particular candidate or campaign. However, on March 21, 2002 after being approved by the senate by a 60-40 vote, the ban on soft money now heads to the white house for approval.
Campaign finance reform is a necessary step in the journey to reclaim our representatives and take control of campaign money. The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that limits on ones own campaign must be voluntary. The enrollment of a campaign finance reform package, which would include public funding, contribution and spending limits, a shorter campaign season, and more stringent electronic disclosure requirements, would help alleviate many problems within campaign financing.
Categories: Sample Finance Papers	Tags: Campaign Finance Reform, Campaign Finance Reform dissertation, Campaign Finance Reform essay, Campaign Finance Reform essay help, Campaign Finance Reform essay writing, Campaign Finance Reform paper help, Campaign Finance Reform paper writing, Campaign Finance Reform papers, Campaign Finance Reform research paper, Campaign Finance Reform term paper, Campaign Finance Reform thesis, free Campaign Finance Reform essay, free Campaign Finance Reform papers
Customers and providers that adopt the as a service model will find themselves relatively insulated from political winds  and perhaps better positioned for the wider evolution already underway.
As Automation and Tech Disruption Increase, Companies Must Prepare Now for the Workplace of the Future
OAS Partners with Stakeholders in Colombia, Chile to Strengthen Financial Sector Cybersecurity in Latin America
Finance TnTs Loren Moss attended the 2017 Outsource to the Caribbean Conference held at the Iberostar Resort in Montego Bay, Jamaica last month, where he was able to talk with CAIPA and JAMPRO president Diane Edwards. CAIPA, or the Caribbean ...
Only 1,000 people hold almost all the individually owned equity in Icelandic companies, according to Morgunblai. This group owns over 98 percent of all equity capital held by individuals in Iceland.
The numbers come from a Creditinfo report carried out for Morgunblai. The data also shows that the nations 10 wealthiest individuals hold nearly one third of total equity in Icelandic companies which are in the hands of individuals.
Individually owned equity in Icelandic companies totals around ISK 1.200 billion (USD 11.4 billion/EUR 9.6 billion).
A majority of investigators at The Directorate of Internal Revenue are looking into cases connected to the tourism industry.
An Icelandic man filled chess pieces with amphetamine in an attempt to smuggle the drug into Iceland.
It has long been my suspicion, that many organisations do not permit their application source code to be copied out of their premises, not because of security or IP reasons, but to just save themselves from sheer embarassment.
For obvious reasons, I am not allowed to expose more of the evidence. So let me fill in the details and explain that is at line 565 of a C# method. Yeap, seven levels of branching code logic. But wait, there's more! That is only half way through the method; it continues for some three hundred lines more. Seriously, this is not the first time I have had to deal with such labyrinths of code. I have seem worse in past projects. And I know I have also not seen the worst of technical debts yet. This has been a problem since the beginning of software development, and its recurrence to this day is still oh so common. Unfathomable.
But you know what the real problem is? No matter how many times I deal with and fix such abhorring, criminal works, it has not gotten one bit easier for me to read and understand what were going on with the original programmers' minds. Messy complex code continues to remain messy complex code. Unlike the processes of nature, they do not erode and decompose into simpler substances over time. I am highly distressed that no matter how much I learn to write high-quality readable code, it does not help me to read rubbish code. Like what really can an expert chef do for rotten food. In the absence of original requirements documents, it is near impossible to figure what the code is trying to do, for what reason.
If your colleague's toolbox only contains primitive implemnets of if-else, switch-case, nested for-loops for unending ArrayLists and DataSets, beware. It is safer to socialise with lepers. For such programmers produce ultra contamination that strike deeper than gamma rays can into your brain the moment you read their code and train of thought. Thoughts that never consider how to make this simpler and easier to read. Thoughts that do not figure how to slice the concerns and abstractions into bite-size chunks so they can be dealt with individually. How one slots and organises his/her thoughts is of critical importance.
Refactoring? Well let me inform there are more flaws to the logic and design than a couple of code rearrangements can fix. Therefore it still boils down to my die-hard opinion that interviews need to include some practical programming exercise so that candidates' programming styles and mentalities can be observed and assessed. When you hire hands to do work, you jolly well better test the very skills that pertain to the work that must be done. Would you hire a violin player without hearing him/her play?
if you have problems with the pack simply install clear japan files, those are the default client files without any changes.
These are the six, most recent UberGogen and UltraGogen puzzles generated by my program. If you need to find a solution for one of them, look at the date in the puzzle and find the solution for that puzzle on the main UberGogen and UltraGogen puzzles page.
Why is it that advertising seems to get such a bad wrap? More times than I care to count, I have been in conversations where people have described advertising executives as something between a used car salesman and a drug dealer (which always makes for an interesting moment when someone then asks me what I do for a living).
Every business wants to increase their social media presence and reach; however, not everyone has knowledge on the best strategy to do so. You will find a lot of sources offering insight, tips and advice as to how this should be done, but we are going to provide you our top three steps:
Beginning a new design piece is always an exciting endeavor. Between design elements and content, our minds may wander into a blissful state of endless possibility. That being said, you may pause and wonder, where do I start?
Just as a parent who has to ask their child multiple times to clean their room before they see a neat and tidy space, one who is sending out emails will have to send multiple in order to see results.
The need for numerous attempts of contact is caused by business professionals simply being busy. A professionals own business will always be their first priority, therefore, emails about your business will finish next to last on their priority list.
It's our 5 year anniversary! To celebrate, we thought it would be fun to share a snapshot of our work over the past 5 years! Check it out!
Thank you to everyone who voted for us and believes in our work! We sincerely appreciate your continued support!!
VALPARAISO, Ind. - Group 7even is pleased to announce that its campaign brochure and Annual Campaign Celebration materials created for United Way of Porter County (UWPC) placed in the 2015 GEM Awards. This is Group 7even's fifth consecutive year for producing award-winning United Way marketing materials.
Valparaiso-based integrated marketing agency Group 7even has purchased Morse & Harris Marketing out of Michigan City.
Michelle Andres, President of Group 7even said, "We opened Group 7even just over six years ago, and I'm incredibly excited about this new chapter in the life of our marketing agency and the growth it will bring. The opportunity to work with more clients and expand our team is thrilling."
Group 7even, an integrated marketing agency out of Valparaiso, has just been named the new agency of record for the Northern Indiana Commuter Transportation District (NICTD).
NICTD operates the South Shore Line that runs from South Bend, IN, to Chicago, IL, with stops along the way. The South Shore Line is used by commuters and leisure travelers. As NICTDs new agency of record, Group 7even will be utilizing strategic marketing to increase ridership on the South Shore Line.
NICTD put out a Request for Proposals (RFP) in late 2015. After a several month review and interview process, Group 7even was awarded the account.
The Economic Development Corporation Michigan City (EDCMC) announced it will partner with Group 7even as its marketing agency of record.
As EDCMCs new agency of record, Group 7even, an integrated marketing agency out of Valparaiso, will help drive marketing efforts for the EDCMC with strategic marketing campaigns designed to bring jobs, attract businesses, tourism and entertainment to Michigan City.
Group 7evens proven strategic marketing expertise, understanding of economic development and innovative creative work makes them uniquely suited to promote our beautiful city and to support continued business growth and retention, said Clarence Hulse, Executive Director of the EDCMC.
A little over a year ago I was perplexed that federal law-enforcement authorities, the media, the federal judiciary, the U.S. Senate and the U.S. House of Representatives were ignoring what appeared to be a fraudulent Hawaiian Certificate of Live Birth that was posted on the White House website on April 27, 2011. The purported birth certificate was for President Barack Hussein Obama II. It became very obvious to me that there were many anomalies on the document that everyone on the federal level apparently wanted to simply ignore.
Arizona has fraud and forgery statutes, and continues to uphold the rule of law, so I chose to download the Obama birth certificate from the White House website onto my computer here in Maricopa County to establish jurisdiction. I made an appointment with you and we met on August 18, 2011 to discuss my concerns. Prior to our meeting, I wrote a petition requesting your assistance, and on August 17, 2011 two hundred and forty-two Maricopa residents signed the petition in a little over two hours. I gave you a copy of the petitions and a copy of the Arizona Revised Statutes that cover fraud and forgery. At that meeting I said that you were the last hope for America. I still believe you are Americas last hope to know the truth about our President. I simply asked for you to investigate the authenticity of the document and take the appropriate actions.
You asked me to come back to your office on August 22, 2012 for another meeting. At that meeting you said that you would investigate the document using your Cold Case Posse. I was assured that the investigation would be done with the utmost diligence. This became the first law-enforcement investigation in the nation of Barack Obamas identification papers.
Six months later, on March 1, 2012, you held your first press conference to announce your findings. My wife Denise and I attended the news conference. It was announced that your office had developed probable cause that Barack Hussein Obama IIs Hawaiian Certificate of Live Birth and his Selective Service System Registration form were both forgeries. The Certificate of Live Birth was called a computer generated file forgery. It was also announced that you had developed leads regarding a person or persons of interest. As was expected, the media attacked you the messenger and refused to discuss the specifics of your findings.
My wife and I were so impressed with your press conference, we decided that it was important for the general public to witness what we saw firsthand and expose what the media had censored. Denise and I put an event together in less than 10 days. We held it at the Church on the Green on March 31, 2012, charged no admission and asked for no donations and gave you the stage as a public service. I wrote a petition to the Arizona legislature based on elements of your investigation and Denise circulated it at the event. Nearly 1,200 people attended the standing room only event. Many video DVDs were made and circulated throughout the nation as well as displayed on the internet. Im still amazed how well you and your presentation were received by the public.
It is now September 25, 2012 and the general election is fast approaching. America is running out of time regarding the enigma called Barack Hussein Obama II. America is depending on Arizona to act. There have been suggestions that a Congressional investigation needs to be conducted with the information that you have developed. I came to you over a year ago because Congress would not investigate this issue. Frankly, Congress is a waste of time, and there is very little time left.
I believe that it is time to turn your evidence over either to the Arizona Grand Jury or the Maricopa County Grand Jury for a determination whether crimes of fraud and forgery have been committed against the citizens of Arizona and identify, if possible, the perpetrator of the crimes and who is the most likely beneficiary of these purported crimes. Its time to let the jurors of the Grand Jury decide our future, not the politicians in Congress.
I have also made this request to Governor Jan Brewer, Attorney General Tom Horne and Maricopa County Attorney Bill Montgomery. Hopefully, you will, with their assistance, make a decision that is in the best interest of Arizona and America.
Sheriff Arpaio, I thank you for being a man of your word and investigating this issue at my request for the past year. You have been the subject of many personal attacks of ridicule and scorn and you have responded with great poise and professionalism. You are an exceptional lawman with an enviable 51 year history in law-enforcement. We are very fortunate to have you as our Sheriff here in Maricopa County, Arizona.
Denise and I trust you will do what is best for Arizona and America with the evidence that you have developed.
For sure Obama is a fake and no US citizen. Proving he is a fake may not be of much help, much like proving that dinner was not served with the best china, on the Titanic. Joe is doing his level best and I hope he doesn't get accidented or cancered. The stink is coming from every direction in the US government. It's down to grasping at straws but there is very little to hope for from the cesspool that is the US establishment and that includes all the courts. BHO needs a counterbalance, inserted in one ear, to offset his treasonous tendencies. Anyways, things are coming to a head and Obama and his handlers are almost done.
I also had upmost hope that Sheriff Joe would present his findings to a grand jury, but I have finally had to admit that it is not going to happen. I hate to admit it, but it truly looks like he sold out when the federal charges were dropped against him. I foolishly thought he was above this sort of behavior.
It would seem, that now that the 'Affordable' Care Act is beginning to impinge on the general public, someone would be able to fight the thing on the idea that it was signed by a fraud, and the government cannot tax its citizens, using a law fraudulently enacted.
This video tells the story of Mr Lee Kok Wah. Born into a family of modest means, he was able to go to university and become a business and community leader thanks to the generosity and selflessness of others. Today, Mr Lee is paying it forward by supporting students in financial need at NUS.
Anyone interested in astronomy is welcome to sign up for this forum, but you'll need to contact us via our main website in order to do so. Please fill just the e-mail address, name and comments parts of the membership application for there, indicating you'd like to join our forum.
My tracking seemed rough at 0.6" rms (the occasional excursion taking it out to +/- 2px), the edge stars seem a little elongated (rotation?). Sigma 2 stacked and rejected on 1.3px. Lots of hot pixels coming through (suspect darks are out of date - and not learned to dither yet). Anyone else out last night? was it good or turbulent?
A very good effort, but a couple of points, it looks slightly out of focus to me on close inspection. I think you may be right about rotation, was your PA as good as you could get it?
Your right; I spent ages focussing in and out; next time will try the Bahti mask, this is at 0.9"/Pixel.
Looks like an image with potential. It rained here most of last night but around 4pm the sky was stunning but I couldn't muster the energy to go out. Must automate the obsy roof...
0.6" RMS is good going, I can get that on my mount if the seeing is excellent. Always use a Bahtinov mask and the original Bahtinov Grabber for focusing, I find that eyeballing or even using FHWM or HFD measurements not nearly as accurate and I can never seem to get automated focusing to work whatever method I try.
I also get a bit of rotation showing up in the corners and my PA is around 2.5' according to PHD2 Guiding Assistant. I thought it was coma on my newt but I've nailed that. I think it might be the fact the OAG is guiding off stars at the very edge of the FoV and this is introducing rotation as it not close enough to the image centre.
For the DEC swings I would check the balance and make it a bit more tail heavy on that axis to counter stiction and gear bounce, I get it after I've fiddled with the scope load e.g. taken off a finder scope and camera and not bothered to rebalance.
Thanks very much for your pointers, it really helps, my guide star was right in the corner of the chip.
Spent some time on APT (Bhati Grabber works very well) and seemed to be able to repeatably set my focus point on each filter (which was different to the point I set by eye). PA was within 2' az, but 3+ on alt using drift align on PHD (but as I say the stars were moving a bit). Guiding stats were 1.03"RMS, but results were the same (very blurry subs).
Spent 4 hours achieving nothing and gave up at 01:30 - windy, 0 to -1, stars jumping around 2". There seems to be some noise on the guidecam image (Oh no...not again....).
According to my forecast Noel, it will be clear again Tuesday evening and possibly some clear skies next weekend.
Advertised sites are not endorsed by the Bitcoin Forum. They may be unsafe, untrustworthy, or illegal in your jurisdiction. Advertise here.
So I guess people still tune in to the theatrics that is politics. I stopped paying attention a long time ago when I realized it was all just a show to keep people staring at the fire and not the real issues.
Self interest for whom? You realize that all this means is that the government will be giving more money to the banks in interest.
Credit agencies should be shutdown because people don't like their opinion. They should probably be tried for treason as well.
Yo dawg, I heard you liked trading volatility, so I wrote an option, on your ETF, that's backed by futures, written on an index, whose value is derived from options, on stocks, within another index.
First of all all 3 ratings agencies violated the law when that where publicly speculating during the debt-ceiling kabuki theater. The law prohibits them from giving a rating until they have done an analysis. Pretty hard to do an analysis when you don't know what the final legislation is going to be.
Secondly, mortgage backed securities where rated AAA ...how did that where out? Some AAA MBS experienced 80% default rates within 90 days of being given that rating!
Sorry, I usually don't go anal on people for spelling but I seriously felt like I had gone full retard trying to read your post.
How well do you expect current goverment to handle this issues with theater we saw last weeks, utter carelessness about country and just thinking thinks would go on like they have...
Inasmuch as non-Christians do good, they are working with Christians in doing the will of the Lord Jesus. Non-Christian goodness does not supplant or negate the lordship of Christ. It confirms and demonstrates it.
To say Jesus is Lord is the most political thing you can say, but not because it implies a political agenda. When we declare that Jesus is Lord and not Caesar, we are saying that the realm of life and death is not politics but the throne room of Jesus.
Archives Select Month June 2018 (1) May 2018 (4) April 2018 (3) March 2018 (1) February 2018 (1) January 2018 (1) December 2017 (3) November 2017 (4) October 2017 (3) September 2017 (5) August 2017 (6) July 2017 (4) June 2017 (4) May 2017 (7) April 2017 (4) March 2017 (7) February 2017 (9) January 2017 (4) December 2016 (6) November 2016 (10) October 2016 (13) September 2016 (16) August 2016 (7) September 2014 (1) August 2014 (1) July 2014 (3) June 2014 (3) May 2014 (2) April 2014 (7) March 2014 (6) February 2014 (6) August 2013 (3) July 2013 (2)
My Shortcuts column this past Saturday was about e-mail recipients, including myself, who thought they had been invited by friends to join a certain social networking site and view (apparently nonexistent) photos there. When they signed on and gave their e-mail account and a password, they soon found that the Web site had mined their contact list, sending similar invitations to all their contacts.
One question that cropped up often in the many e-mail messages I received from readers was what password I had used. Yes, it was stupidly the one to my e-mail account, although apparently this contact scraping could occur even if you use a different password. I also heard from many readers who had had similar experiences or were concerned that this could happen to them.
Here is a sampling of the reader responses. We invite you to share your own experiences in the comments.
It is my experience that nothing these sites do is accidental (we accidentally sent it out to a larger list). I have had particular problems of late with Classmates.com which promises to reunite you with members of your high school or college class.
I had made a brief stop there long ago and in so doing, found myself snared in their web and getting more and more messages telling me that another classmate was waiting to connect with me.
Today I tried to unentangle myself, and probably have still not done so. While most sites have an unsubscribe link at the bottom of their mail (albeit often in a type size commonly used by small ants), clicking on the Classmates unsubscribe doesnt take you to unsubscribe but to a location where you can manage your links.
Rather than simply unsubscribe from the site, it forces you to try and unsubscribe from a dismaying number of different message types which you never signed up for originally but which they have apparently chosen for you. I think I got them all, but wont be surprised if I didnt.
Still more digging found me what I thought would be a Contact Us link at which I could provide feedback. Naturally, after crafting a blistering criticism of their practices, when I hit the send button, their system froze and the message never went through.
About a week ago, I received an odd invitation from someone I barely know to join her on MyLife. I sent her an e-mail this morning with a link to your article, and I think shell be both interested and distressed to read your piece. I suspect, too, that shell probably be hearing from other distant acquaintances.
In your recent Article on tagged, Mr Tseng suggests the viral behavior of their software is a recent accident. That has not been my experience. Almost a year ago, and again recently, Ive received taggeds invitations from friends who told me they were duped. Happily I passed on taggeds offer to join. They appear to be a viral Ponzi scheme, not a social networking site.
It came as a surprise to discover that one must call 1.888.704.1900 to delete a MyLife account. Cant do it online, apparently.
Now that is a sticky wicket. Time consuming and I dont even know if an 888 number is free or a charge call. Besides, after Alina Tugends good article, I might get a busy signal for days. Next time yall publish something on this topic, I hope youll include this unpleasant phone call twist.
I read your article by Alina Tugend with interest because I recently was similarly ensnarled in an address harvesting scheme. I had heard about a Web site named TripIt on the CBS Morning News, and in that my husband and I were about to embark on a trip to Burgundy, I signed up. It purported to be a tool for mapping travel, hotels and tours along our way. Unknown to me, the site harvested my entire address book and sent a note to everyone stating: Join me on TripIt so we can stay in touch while traveling. Its really easy.
Needless to say, this was embarrassing in quoting me to hundreds of business associates, family members and acquaintances, to whom I had to send numerous notes of apology. I also take offense at being quoted as endorsing something that I know nothing about. TripIt claims that buried deep in the small print was my implied permission for them to do this. If not technically illegal, this is certainly blatantly immoral. Furthermore, CBS News should do a lot more research before touting Web sites that infringe so deeply on our privacy.
Exactly the same thing happened to me and in precisely the way you described. Foolish me but of course, the original MyLife invitation came from my brother-in-law.
Unfortunately  from someone who has been in the Internet public policy world for many many years  the Can Spam Act wont work. It was  theres no reason for you to know this  diluted by the Direct Marketing Association when it was originally drafted. It works for serious spammers and phishers but not for social networks. I now simply treat all e-mail from the site as junk but Im embarrassed to have fallen for the ploy in the first instance.
The best way to deal with the phenomenon would probably be to make the senders feature prominently a remove or unsubscribe button. That would attack their principal source of livelihood, namely the number of their subscribers. Once that number starts declining, that trend will accelerate as their premium subscribers and advertisers abandon them. Short of full regulation, this market-based suggestion is the only one I can think of. May I also say, I really hate them.
Thanks a million for this article. Thanks to Reunion.com, a few years ago I had people very angry with me. I had no idea what a nightmare Id be going through after I received my daughters invitation to accept to be her friend. How could I suspect that every single person  even business contacts  would be getting an invitation from me as well. I started getting angry replies from friends. I tried to explain what had happened but it took a while for them to understand.
The next surprise came from an attorney who apologized to me because she didnt reply to my invitation to be my friend. She was very professional about it but it wasnt hard to read between the lines that she was shocked and upset at how unprofessional she found the incident to be. Fortunately, she accepted my apology.
Thanks to Reunion.com, I no longer accept that kind of invitations  though coming via other-than-Reunion.com social networks  from tons of friends and relatives who write me even from other countries. I wonder if they themselves have been duped by irresponsible, disgusting networks such as Reunion.com, which is now known as MyLife.com. By the way, it took making several requests to cancel my membership before it was finally honored.
Great article  extremely relevant. However, why was Plaxo spared? They were the company that did this to me. When I e-mailed a complaint, they politely explained that it was an error on my part!
My address book not only includes friends, but also people on general e-mail lists who have no idea who I am  very embarrassing. I too sent out a general apology and it did generate an excellent discussion, but these companies are unscrupulous and need to be held accountable.
But that aside, this sort of thing is why I am unwilling to put all my personal information in the cloud where it will be held by some entity who probably makes their money from advertising, who may be purchased by another company, who may change their privacy policy at any time and without offering the chance to opt out, and could make a quick buck by selling their data.
The result? I cleaned out my Hotmail address book to eliminate the risk that something like this could ever happen again. In this particular case, Tagged was the offender, but Microsoft suffered the collateral damage.
Why would anyone enter their email password on a site other than the one they use to access their email? Would you give them your PIN if they prompted you for it?
I dont understand how they can harvest your address book if you have it protected by a different password, as you state?
Im going to trash my computer, buy a new one and start all over from scratch  as soon as I get my first payment from the Former Nigerian First Minister of Finance.
is on lotus notes and when I am on social networking, I avoid using my business site. (Compliance). Maybe compliance is better than I thought.
I also got Tagged, but realized that this was a scam, so I never completed the signup. Nevertheless, the site remembers that I had clicked on the link and although I closed it, I now get an email reminder every day telling me to complete my registration with them. Fat chance!
The only problem is, they have my email address and they keep sending me these reminders whether I want them or not. I dont even dare unsubscribing, that never seems to work, even from supposedly reputable online businesses. Once you buy something from them, they keep sending you uninvited emails on their specials. I have unsubscribed so often, I cannot remember how often, but in no case has the spam stopped.
I thought we had a law against this. Time to start putting those criminals behind bars or better have them pay us until they have no more money to send their spam.
Im surprised that neither your original article or this post explores legitimate contact scraping and how the sites that do engage in the practice transparently (Facebook, LinkedIn, and Twitter all offer features to search your email contacts/friends on other social networks in attempting to find possible matches for people you know on their network) have perhaps inured us to the idea of giving one network access to personal information on another network.
Always check out sites thoroughly before you sign up, and certainly before you give out your password or personal data. Any site that demands your email password or your system password is immediately suspect and should be avoided.
Wikipedia lists TAGGED.COM as a phishing and spamming site, and being known as an email scam. You might also try reading the terms of service and privacy policy before you give away all your personal information next time, though.
This post is a bit confusing. I understand that Ms. Tugend used the same password for her email login and for this new site; but she she doesnt make clear whether she specifically provided Tagged with her email login info and told them it was such. What possible reason could there be for Tagged to have her email login info?
She DOES make clear that she believes that Tagged would have plundered her contacts, whether or not her email password and Tagged password were the same (but not why).
1. I am angry at the friends who either get duped by such scams or without much thought give away my email address to such sites.
2. I am very much disinclined to give out my information to any and every site that pops up on the horizon.
I guess there is an acute need to develop new netiquettes and broadcast them far and wide. Because, there will always be companies looking to prey on unsuspecting netizens.
Thats exactly what multiple email adresses are for. One real email for real friends and may be also for bsuinesses you do business with and that behave well (i.e. only send you an email when you actually bought sonething from them).
A different email adress is used for signing up with any new service of any kind. This second email obviously has an empty address book because you only use it to sign up for services, get the activation link etc but never to send emails to someone meaningful.
If the site behaves well and offers a meaningful service you are always able to change the email address they use to contat you to your real address by logging in to their site and changing your details.
I used it with facebook and it was very clear what it did. You first had to allow it to look into your email accounts address book (Good).
Then (most importantly) it asked you which of these people youd like to connect with. Very reasonable, because some of these contacts dont even warrant a facebook friendship, so why bother them? Others were genuinely happy to get back into contact with, so why not?
I funnel all registrations to a separate email address that is devoid of contacts and any desire to check.
Third  a junk throwaway password to use for every random website that needs you to sign up with them.
If you are so stupid that you give up your email credentials when asked, please spare us the self righteous whining when they are abused.
@Sue.  I completely agree. The author downplays the fact that she willingly gave up her email password to a site that she had no relationship with. Would she have given a stranger her password? Whats the difference?
IMHO this is like blaming a phishing Web site for tricking you into entering your user name and password when its your fault for not knowing better in the first place.
These sites marketing practices are abhorrent, but I would think that someone who writes for a NYT technology column would practice safer browsing. Then againif she hadnt fallen victim, this informative column would never have been written. So, every cloud has its silver lining.
In the past few months I have often received an invitation that someone is following me on twitter or someone else has sent me a Hi5 or someone in Tagged has shown interest in me , and the list will go one and on. Its always best to avoid this kind of inviations just like its better to avoid Popups that lets you know that you have won a Free Laptop or your computer is full of virus click something  to get rid of them. Whenever you click something there is considerable amount of chance a spyware getting inside your system. As for web inviations you can always check with a duplicate alias junk email id with junk pwd. Remember if you maintain a single pwd for all your online accounts the moment someone gets hold of them theretically there is chance that they get access to everyother places wherever you have opened an account. So all invitations for school reunion , networking all that stuff should be checked first in advance. You can always search ( google) for the authencity of the site thats promoting those. Be slightly paranoid!
Just like Sandy Gonzales in her post The Fine Print my yahoo address book was hijacked by Tripit. I was pointed to Tripit by an iPhone TravTracker. (Going to Apple site next.)
And in the house I grew up in? My father had enough firepower to fight off zombie hordes, if need be.
I was listening to the radio once and the DJ had a guy on the phone who had come to the USA from Iraq. This was before we knocked Saddam out of power.
I dont necessarily believe that the embodiment of ultimate evil walks the earth, but if I did, and I knew what country the Great Satan lived in, I WOULDNT FUCKING MOVE THERE!
But, I have the freedom to rip your bullshit opinions apart like tissue paper when you annoy the shit out of me.
I guess it pisses me off that, yes you have the freedom to say what you want, but at least be respectful of the fact that the situation was created to let you say what you want instead of carving your tongue out.
This is a placeholder page for Del Cochrane, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Del Cochrane.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Del Cochrane. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Del Cochrane. We created this page automatically in hopes Del Cochrane would find it. If you are not Del Cochrane, but are an alumni of Girard High School Girard, OH, register on this site for free now.
Summer weather can often change the beauty products we choose to use and the fragrances we wear. Crabtree & Evelyn have come up trumps this month with the release of their fabulous new range: Somerset Meadow.
The fragrance is especially fresh, light and perfectly suited to a balmy Summers day. It is the perfect scent for everyday use and ideal to keep handy at all times throughout the warmer months! As you can tell, we love it. There is also a full range with products for every occasion included. Here are three of our favourites!
Fresh and lovely, the light green fruity-floral scent of Somerset Meadow is graciously charming with an addictive allure.
Dry hands  including nails and cuticles will delight in this superior moisturising and conditioning blend of macadamia nut oil, shea butter, antioxidant-rich vitamins C and E, and water lily and ivy extracts.
Formulated with conditioning extracts of water lily and ivy, this richly lathering cleansing gel also creates a wonderfully foaming bath that awakens the senses and leaves skin feeling silky smooth.
 Perfect Pamper Box Review   The Perfect Pamper Box is the most delightful bath and body subscription box which provides you with a pampering experience
You all know how much I love pajamas. More specifically, Christmas pajamas! This year I am so stinkin excited for Christmas and couldnt wait one more second to put Hudson and Sadie in their jams..
Shes pretty excited. And yesSadie is technically wearing boy pajamasbut I wanted the kids to match.and she pulls it off perfectly, dont you think?
Its all just more than my heart can handle. All the heart eyes for these two and their matching Christmas jams!
Hudson and Sadies pajamas are from Carters, of course! Carters is always my go-to spot for cute, comfy, and most of all MATCHING pajamas! When I was little I would always get a new set of pjs just for Christmasand I want to keep that tradition alive with my kids. Theres something about festive jams that just get us in the mood to celebrate!
See what I mean? This guy is always down for a little jumping on the bed celebration! Hudson was pretty excited to finally get to bust out the Christmas pajamas. And surprisingly he was exited to match his sister. I hope he always feels that way.
My heart could just burst from the adorableness. These two. Love them forever. I hope they have fond memories of these times together..and will put up with their mom matching them, even if its just during the holidays. You cant tell here, but Sadie was cracking up at Hudson jumping on the bed. Next year they will bow be jumping together, and I cant wait!
Carters is Americas favorite pajama brandand mine too! I love that I can always find quality pajamas for a great price at the Carters store! And as a bonus, they are always cute. And cozy. And comfy.which are all the ingredients to a perfect pajama!
You can find Hudson and Sadies pajamas here. And find a Carters store near you here. Do you have Christmas pajamas for your kids yet?
I have so many Christmas pajamas and most of them came from Carter's during a great sale!! LOVE the twin pajamasI have a few for C and L, and I can't wait to pull them out!
I adore matching pjs and well EVERYTHING with my girls. It's one of my favorite things and my girls adore it at this age. I am sure one day I will have to beg and plead with them to match but right now it's one of the easiest ways to get them dressed.
We already have some hand me down Christmas PJ's but, I bought Jack some more! They're the Carter's @ Target brand but, still made just as good, I think! I love both sets of PJ's & I think Sadie looks SO cute in them, even if they are boy PJ's!!
I love this post so much and christmas PJs and matching!! I'm having such a hard time finding anything to match with the kids this Christmas. It's just the sizes they will be in at the time that really sucks (newborn and a toddler). I've found TONS of cute PJs though I think I'm going to make a trip to the Carter's store and see if I have any luck that way!
When did Hudson get so big?!?!? He looks like a little grown up! The kids are too cute in their PJ's!
I love carters pjs! I think I went overboard this year with how many Christmas pjs I bought for Noah! He may have to start wearing them to school just to get enough use out of them all!
What cuties!! I love their matching jams and think you're brilliant for putting Sadie in the boys' ones to match Hudson! Also, these photos have the best light!!! Beautiful 
They look totally adorable!!! Kids in matching PJs is the best! Who cares if they are boy or girl pjs at christmas?! Carters has some great stuff  I used to love them!!
Hey there! Welcome to The Girl in the Red Shoes. Im Julie, wife to Jon, and mama to three little redheads: Hudson, Sadie, & Annabelle. I LOVE celebrating the little things, chasing around my crazy crew, over-posting on Instagram, and blogging about daily life, keeping it real, and all things motherhood. So happy youre here!
Wordless Wednesday: My mom has an orange cat too. His name is Scout. He does NOT like having his picture taken.
2. Description of the traits and characteristics which have been introduced or modified, including marker genes and previous modifications:
In case of insertion of genetic material, give the source and intended function of each constituent fragment of the region to be inserted:
The genetic modification has been done using Agrobacterium tumefaciens, strain LBA4404 to introduce the DNA into the corn genome. The T-DNA on the Ti plasmid has been replaced by the construction containing the 3 genes along with the regulatory components necessary for expression
The goal of this release is to collect data on the composition of different parts of the plant and on the expression of the produced proteins in comparison with the non-genetically modified equivalent hybrid, at different growth stages.
This will be necessary to later apply for a marketing release of these genetically modified plants in the European Community.
The trial at each site in 2003 will cover about 3300m (all varieties and borders included) of which 110m will be planted with the transgenic plants concerned by this application.
4. Relevant data regarding previous releases carried out with the same GM-plant, if any, specifically related to the potential environmental and human health impacts from the release:
Pioneer began testing corn hybrids genetically modified with this transformation event in 2001. The genetically modified corn hybrids have been in continuous nurseries in Hawaii and Puerto Rico. In 2002, several field trials were conducted throughout the maize growing region of the United States of America. Field trials were also conducted in Chile in 2002.
No environmental problems were reported for these trials. The transgenic plants have appeared normal in all respects. They were indistinguishable from the non-genetically modified corn plants except for being insect resistant and herbicide tolerant.
The e.r.a. has not identified any risks to human and animal health or the environment from the deliberate release of GM maize containing resistance to certain Coleopteran insects and tolerance to glufosinate-ammonium. This is based on the information contained in this notification and the following concluding remarks:
- There is negligible likelihood for GM maize to become environmentally persistent or invasive giving rise to any weediness;
- Expression of the 2 insecticidal proteins and the herbicide tolerance protein does not confer any selective advantage outside the agricultural environment;
- There are no wild relatives of maize in the EU and the genetic modification in maize does not introduce any selective advantages to maize plants outside the heavily managed agricultural environments;
- The deliberate release of GM maize will result in negligible immediate and/or delayed environmental impact resulting from direct and indirect interactions of GM with non-target organisms;
- The genetic modification in maize does not introduce any new compounds known to cause, or expected to cause, any potential immediate and/or delayed effects on human health;
- The genetic modification in maize does not introduce any new compounds known to cause, or expected to cause, any possible immediate and/or delayed effects on animal health. Moreover, the GM maize obtained from these field releases will not enter the feed/food chain.
- The specific cultivation, management and harvesting techniques used for the GM are identical to those used for other non-GM maize.
- The potential reduction of the control of certain coleopteran insect pests if the target insect pests develop resistance to the proteins as expressed in GM maize has been identified as the only potential risk resulting from the interaction of GM maize with target organisms. Given the size of this deliberate release, the probability of occurrence of such a phenomenon is negligible. However, if later a release for placing on the market is to be envisaged, a monitoring plan in order to minimize the development of insect resistant to these proteins will be submitted.
The shedding of pollen from the GM plants will be controlled by bagging, before the pollen shedding, the tassels from the plants that will be self-pollinated and by detasselling the plants that will not be self-pollinated. Moreover, a 200m-isolation distance will be maintained to any other commercial corn crop.
Seed dispersal of individual kernels does not generally occur. They are fixed on a cob and enclosed in many husks that protect the seeds from outside contact. For this trial, a few seeds will need to be collected for analysis; this will be done by sampling the whole ear and unused seeds will be destroyed.
In case of any emergency, the trial could be stopped by application of a non-selective herbicide other than glufosinate or by mechanical destruction and incorporation into the soil.
At the end of the release all remaining plant matter that has not been harvested for analyses will be destroyed by chopping and incorporating into the soil.
Volunteer maize will be monitored during the following year. An herbicide treatment (other than glufosinate) will be used in order to ensure destruction if needed.
Summary of foreseen field trial studies focused to gain new data on environmental and human health impact from the release:
He who fights with Monsters should look to it that He himself does not become a Monster. And when you gaze long into an Abyss, the Abyss also gazes into you.
Well, I dunna about you, but if some voluptuous Valkyrie looking lady came down from the heavens, resurrected me after my brutal death on a battlefield against an undead swarm, gave me super powers and told me this was all the workings of some group of gods called the vigil? I'd be pretty darned religious myself, I do believe.
The Guardians, while they falter often (both factions do), do have a true and factual foundation in their faith.
To the point where even the Brevanic civilization are quite the followers as well, still, even with their tech.
The praying isn't in hope, its in understanding that the Vigil are truly going to reach through the Ward whenever they can.
The adherence to Vigil stuff isn't totalitarian or even bigoted, its knowing that the world truly DID do quite well until:
2)mortals starting dealing with spirits of dubious intent, instead of the Vigil which continuously proves its devotion towards its creation(s)
And I'm also a Defiant btw. Both have crazy hardliners too that reflect the worst sides of their qualities.
The existing "Scale" functions (e.g. in Transform and the Node Editor) work well for what they do but can't achieve the same results as the "Inset/Outset" functions in Inkscape (see image).
I loved "Time Team" and was very sad when I could no longer find it on my TV schedule. So, imagine my joy when I came upon a whole group of long specials made by the team, on Youtube. So far, I have watched over an hour on an excavation in London and about 45 minutes on a project involving people doing small excavations in their back gardens: "The Big Dig" (part One).
I do a daily Google news search for, among other things, archaeology. I am sad to note that after 20 years and 250 episodes TT will be removed from Channel 4's schedule. New episodes will air until early next year. There will be two specials, one a retrospective, the other about the Richard III excavation in Leicester that will carry over until 2014. The networks speaks of replacing it will more innovative historical programming, some of which will include archaeology.
Since I've only seen a fraction of the episodes through YouTube, I hope that with the serie's passing, more will show up there.
That is wonderful! I have been a fan of that play since the 60s. Although I am a bit split bvetween interest in the bones and realization of the fact that this is an uncle/cousin of the present line, only 430 years ago.
Sorry, I didn't quite absorb the comment above that it would be taken off. I am about 1/2 to 3/4 of the way through the YouTube episodes.
But what do they plan to replace it with? A show about archeology doesn't have a lot of different approaches. You have a ruin, or a field. You dig and find out what is under it. It comes to light gradually.
Time Team has been running since 1994 so they have done a LOT of episodes - 230 of them according to Wikipedia. It must be getting hard to find as-yet uninvestigated sites. There are still plans for some one-off specials, similar to the previous ones which follow the course of events of more academic digs or archaeological investigations. Also the main presenters are either getting a bit long-in-the-tooth or, as in the case of Mick Aston, have left because they thought the archaeology was being a bit diluted.
As far as I know there is no plan for a direct replacement but Channel 4 do make a lot of other good documentaries about archaeological and/or historical subjects.
I hope they put some on YouTube. The USA is a bit thin on recent history (as opp. to dinosaurs) archeology.
Portia, did you hear that Tony Robinson was Knighted in this years Queen's Birthday Honours list? He's now Sir Tony Robinson. (also Rowan Atkinson got a CBE as well - in honour of this here is an item from the archives... LotR Casting Script )
Slogging around Britain, admiring inch-square pieces of pottery, listening to unnamed people with hideous accents, letting all of us see his progressive loss of hair. Good on him!
Later: Thinking about the "cast" of TimeTeam, I really have to give a lot of credit to Phill Harding. His obvious enthusiasm, his ability to explain things learly and his willingness to do experiments add a lot to the show. When I learned to understand his accent.
Unfortunately there is one less "hideous" accent today - Mick Aston, ex-Time Team expert, dies aged 66
Yes, that is too bad. I always feel badly when a learned person passes away early. However, I do not recall thinking hs accent "hideous."
I watched an episode on a dig in Virginia. Some people probably though those accents at least strange.
Also watched an excavation of a Henry II priory on Southeast Coast. That may have been the last episde that Ashton was in. I got the real impression that either he felt that three days was inadequate or that someone was not making the decisions about where to dig properly, or both.
If anyone is worried about a tendency to "dumb down" a series like this, they first need to address the three day limit. It is artificial and often means that you can't get a real idea of what is there, or whether more work is needed.
I watced a dig on Salisbury Plain, of a group of Anglo-Saxon Burials. But the interesting part was that most of the work was being done by a group of military people who had injuries or PTSD, as a way of pulling them out of themselves, etc. What a good idea!
I have been exploring other videos on You Tube. (Well, most of them seem to have something to do withmy favorite movies, but one thing I think is worth looking at are the Nerd HQ videos. These are interviews done right after Comic Con with whomever. They are interesting--not like those formula interviews about the movie.
(I have to say that watching Tom Hiddleston drop into a perfect imitation of Chris Evans, without skipping a beat is a treat)
A person has been posting sections of the Donmar Theatre's production in about 14 minute pieces, and one hour ago finished part 9. Part 11 is the end, I think, but not, at this minute, posted
BUT THAT IS PERFECT FOR PEOPLE LIKE MEY/sorry for the caps, much excitement, me such a fangirl. Lembas for Portia from me
I am glad you saw this. They even have the discussion at the intermission. I am sure the person who is posting this will get to no. 11. soon.
I also think it was good of whoever did it, to include the subtitles, since this was broadcast around the world.
I hope everyone who wanted to see it, had the chance.I was afraid they would not want it to be posted.
I would express myself, but I do not use that kind of language, and the TOS would be blown to pieces.
I managed to see a few clips but I wanted to re-watch it in peace this weekend oh well, at least tumblr had already outdone itself with gifsets.
I am glad you saw part of it, but I am not surprised that Donmar wanted it off. It is a copyright violation, and someone, somewhere got ahold of the regular recording. Maybe it will encourage Donmar or the National Theater to put out the recrding on DVD. How hard can it be? The recording exists, and the only issues are how to split the profits. If they think there will be profits, I think I can guarantee that they will find a way.
On youtube, there is a series of interviews/panel shows under the title "Nerd HQ" with all sorts of people, Hiddleston, Nathan Fillion, the Doctior Who group, and the cast of the now cancelled show "Chuck," among others. These are good, casual interviews, as the actors are confident that their audiences are supportive and knowledgable.
The Interviews take place during the San Diego Comic-Con, but are not part of it. Well, the people who do this (Primarily Zachary Levi) feel that they cannot front the money for it any longer and are having a group fundraiser, now through April 24, or so. As I have found the interviews, etc., very interesting and entertaining and I think it would be a shame to have no more (they are free on youtube), I have donated.
I suggest that you go and look at some of their work and if you think it is worth supporting, donate.
Oooh. Tom kneeling during NHQlast year was priceless; as was quoting Posthumus. Will not reveal how many times did I look up that interview.
I was lucky finding black Cat in my local Toy's Us, first time I've ever seen they carry Marvel Legends since the X-Men Last Stand ML Figures and the last Icons line.
man, I wished I bought those Marvel Lenegds Icons when they where there, but nooo. I didn't have anything else in that scale so I dropped them.
I'm not usually a Marvel Legends collector but I've really been a fan of what Hasbro has been doing lately.
I've found a couple of Carnage figures, 1 Black Cat, Countless figures of the rest. Once I finished the Green Goblin BAF, I pretty much stopped looking. Haven't seen a Toxin figure but I really haven't been looking. Did see a Spider-Girl the other day. Left that one on the peg too.
I have all of the 2014 Spidey and Captain America Legends. So yes, I have Toxin and Carnage They weren't that easy to track down since I will only pay retail prices. Took a lot of searching. So congrats on getting Toxin, he's not easy to find.
As for older figures, I have all of the Puck series except Emma (Wolverine, Sabretooth, Cyclops) and all of the Rocket Racoon series except for Scarlet Spidey, which I didn't care for and you don't need him for the BAF anyway (Wrecker, Jean Grey, Black Panther, Modern Hawkeye), both Iron Monger series (Classic IM, Comic Iron Patriot, Heroic Age, mark 42, Ultron and IM3 Iron Patriot)... outside of these, I have a spotty selection of older stuff including Terrax series Thor (he's awesome!!). Another one of my favorites, which I've mentioned before in a different thread, is Astonishing Wolverine from the Apocalypse series
I also ordered all 6 of the upcoming Guardians of the Galaxy figures. Here are the amazon links if anyone is interested:
If you get them all you'll have all the build-a-figure parts and can build the 7th figure, Groot (see spoiler tag):
You can also get all 6 figures at BBTS, the price is a little less than amazon, but you have to pay shipping there so the final price is probably higher by $10 or more.
No idea if there will be supply issues with the GotG figures like there has been with Spidey/Cap... but I'd rather be safe than sorry. Better to pre-order when possible!
So yeah, it's a great time to be into Marvel Legends, the only downside is prices have gone up A LOT and it takes more work to find good deals. Starting to become challenging to find new figures for under $20 -- though it's still possible in some cases.
Lastly, check out http://marvellegends.net/ which is a great site if you want to see pics/info for upcoming as well as past Marvel Legends waves (there's A LOT of them dating back to the Toy Biz period)
I really want to get the All-New X-Men box set of the original X-Men, but after watching Shartimus Prime's review I'm a little apprehensive about getting them.
I don't think it's a "poor" set really. As good as the infinite series stuff we've been getting? Nope. But if your Toys R Us has a few to pick from, just take your time and look for some good ones. There are common problems in all the ones I've looked at like missing paint on the Cyclops and Angel figures at the rib cage area and some of the eyes look a little derpy on some but I managed to find a pretty good set. But again, I don't plan on opening them either. I think they look great sitting right in that box and that's where I'm gonna leave them. And if you can get $20 off, go for it.
I really wanted that Nova when he was revealed at TF. But he'll probably be as hard to find as a CAWS Black Widow.
I found one at Target... bought a second on amazon, I'm holding it for trading, I'm sure it will come in useful someday.
Fans in the UK, do you guys know where I can get the All-Father, Thanos, Hobgoblin or Groot waves at retail? I know I can get them online, but I like to see if I can get best paint quality. Those figures aren't the cheapest.
Allfather wave has shown up at Toys R Us and Entertainer, 23 a figure. The others either only reached speciality shops or haven't been released yet over here...
Some very nice figures was shown at Toy Fair. Love the new male teen body, it's great to see a teenager Spidey figure.
Yeah, and I think it's the exact same figures I saw three years ago And here I was being all happy when I first saw the Ult. Goblin wave thinking ML is finally back after last figures I saw was that line that had X-Men 3 movie figures in it...
I didn't even buy any of the Odin figures when I first saw them in-store, I got the whole 7 figures wave on BBTS for the same price as 3 figures at TRU. And of course no TRU exclusives, I don't think TRU in Norway or UK gets them.
So, I'm getting the Netflix/Marvel Knights line from a online retailer, and hope the A-Force pack isn't too pricey cause I need She-Hulk, Lady Loki and Sif
BTW, I got my Bootleg BAF Jubilee, and she's pretty solid. Legs a bit gummy and a bit "off", and her wrist pegs are a bit small looking but beyond that I'd recon she's on-par with the legit version.
I just got most of the Homecoming on Hasbro Toy Shop, so I'm excited to get those in hand. Really looking forward to the Hulk BAF and the Marvel Knights wave. But is it just me, or does Ragnarok Loki look kinda wonky?
Rag. Loki do look a bit weird, the torso looks off in proportions. I think it's due to the position og the belt and how that skirt piece is set on. He's also super glossy looking, I hope he's more matte in final product.
Oh, the credits are in the beginning. Oddly enough, I didn't think to look there and thought there just weren't any. Oops
Kagali wrote: It was part of the Toei Movie Matsuri, which was in the spring, so that's why it came out so early. It's short because it was tripled billed with (I believe) Kamen Rider ZO and Tokusou Robo Janperson the movie.
I've got a promo for this from the Kamen Rider ZO laser disc release. The headliner was ZO at about 40 minutes, and then a 20 minute Dairangr and Janperson. It was made so early in the process that the promo used Zyuranger music.
Although i'm not sure what the Kanji was saying, the Kana and the (spoken) English called it the "Toei Superhero Fair"
I believe they held them for a few years more... next year was Kamen Rider J, Kakuranger and B-Fighter, and then next one... I believe featured Keita Amemiya's Hakaider and must have been Ohranger and B-Fighter Kabuto
The 1994 Toei Superhero Fair had the Blue Swat movie, not the B-Fighter movie. That was the 1995 one.
could someone please clarify exactly which episodes the movie falls between? I downloaded the batch torrent and I'm not really sure where the movie falls in the grand scheme of things.
And just like nearly every episode I've seen of this show, this movie is about Hairdresser, Serial Killer, and Pompador having an adventure by themselves with Red and Girl sort of in the background somewhere. Hooray for Dairanger!
At least the movie used the tv shows footage. Besides some SD footage used in mecha effect shots, in the opening. The show was finished on film. So the series itself should be done the same way. That means at least up to Dairanger, Toei can release blurays of the shows.
Quote: If it cannot hatch from its shell, the chick will die without ever truly being born. We are the chick; the world is our egg. If we don't break the world's shell, we will die without truly being born. Smash the world's shell, for the Revolution of the World.
So I THINK this is a dumb question, but that's the picture on the front page isn't them now, right? That's them 20 something years ago with make up to make them look old, correct?
Quote: "When I first started, I knew everything about nothing and have progressed in the subsequent two decades, realising that now I know practically nothing about everything"
I love this movie so much. I mean it's standard sentai movie shenanigans but was done early enough to have all the cool monsters from the start of the series come back and pretty much redo the fight from the first episode (showing off the powers). Also fairly certain it revived the Sentai movies.
Thanks so much for re-listing this! I bought the Dairanger DVDs a few weeks ago and was bummed when I learned they were missing a short film. Cheers to you guys!
Can't Stop the Monsoon - a blog mostly about video games, now featuring occasional Super Sentai reviews! Latest tokusatsu piece is my top ten Super Sentai series.
Alice's theme is so good. There was another really good theme too. Whoever the composer is is killing it in this series with the BGM.
Man, I sure find all the "kai" that Kagome says annoying. I get that she's supposed to sound like a country bumpkin, but it really doesn't seem like she has an accent or a speech affectation in anything else she says. Why does Kagome always have soot on her face? How do you get dirty being in a library?
It sure is interesting to translate these characters though. Since Rekka speaks in a formal and stilted manner. Rei is more leisurely and playful. And Alice is a bit childish. It's important to choose words and phrases that match each other their styles.
Still full of great characters and fun dialogue, but a bit backstory heavy which dragged it down a bit.
While Final Fantasy fans raged after reports of 15's future, Nocando still hasn't gotten his Chevy El Camino.
The SD version is weird for me, I would think it was encoded with the wrong resolution. Can anyone confirm?
There was the scene in Red Requiem when she was sparring with Kouga. Also in the Tougen Flute when she was wrapped in ribbons, but I'm guessing that's not what you meant.
Overall another good entry. Kagome was pretty annoying. People are so dumb. I like shows where the story isn't driven by someone being conveniently stupid.
yuria haga makes kagome into another weirdo interesting character. good episode, this episode really focusing into kagome & everything. Alice is still cute and interesting thou. and rei joke and gesture to bakura really make me smile. good scene.
It's amazing how beautiful mari looks after all this years... she looks odd trying to portrait a girl that is suppose to be younger than Rekka but she still so beautiful .
I mean, she said that she looks up to Rekka so I guess she's supposed to be younger but it could really go either way.
Kagome's costume alone gets a 5 from me. She looks awesome. Same with Rekka-off jacket short sleeve look.
Rei is so popular with the ladies. And mister Dragon Knight confirmed for me he doesn't need minions. Good stuff.
Rei with his harem is great. Although there wasn't a lot of action this episode, it was a nice breather and had some good character moments.
First intervals were rounds 1 and 2, second intervals were round 3. Round 2 was kick w/ fins. Descend each distance to FAST
Lined up at flags with hands outstretched on partner's shoulders and kick for :20 or until you push partner to the wall (they kick against you) then take :40 and switch.
Swam at the Huntsville Nat w/ Dave, Dave, Mary, Bob and Sally. A cold front came through as we were swimming this morning. I was in the mid to upper 60s when I went to the pool. By the time my son's soccer game started, it was 50 degrees outside w/ a biting wind. The kids played great in the cool weather. Us coaches froze on the sidelines .
it felt good to be back in the pool after a week of feeling sick. first half of the swim i felt feeble. second half i could feel my energy come back. and this is probably the first time in a week that my sinuses were clear.
This was a recovery workout for the team (they did the full 2 hours) from last night's test set beatdown. I just used the first 45 minutes for a stretchout prior to the masters meet in the morning over on Bainbridge Island.
Just as I was beginning to recover somewhat from the flu I caught a nasty stomach bug that knocked me flat on my back for about 24 hours. Friday Morning I had packed my bag and was looking forward to an afternoon swim at the Y on my way home from work. The swim bag never made it out of the car. I left work early Friday afternoon and went straight to bed, then bathroom, then bed, then bathroom, then bed, then... well, you get the idea. My stomach felt a little better by Saturday morning, but I could barely stand I was so weak. Spent most of the day going to the kitchen, trying to find something bland enough for my stomach to handle, and then crawling back upstairs to the bedroom to sleep it off. Rinse, repeat.
Am out and about today... feel fairly normal, but I'm not swimming today and am spending the afternoon getting caught up on all the stuff I needed to get done Friday afternoon and yesterday. Sigh. This puts another big dent in my training. It just hasn't been my season so far!
Getting sick does impact training level with a step back or two, but this can also be viewed as an early season cleansing of the sorts, like a pushed reset button that you can use as leverage so you can jump into your game with fresh momentum.
Thanks for the encouragement, guys. Was finally able to get back into the pool today. Did 2000 and felt pretty good, but the legs and lungs are still a bit weak, so i didn't push too much.
Chui h thng Bch Long Mobile c thnh lp t nm 2006 vi 1 ca hng u tin ti 136 Trn Ph P.4 Q.5. Sau 12 nm hnh thnh v pht trin, Bch Long Mobile khng ngng m rng vi 14 showroom, 9 TTBH Bch Long Care y quyn Bch Long Mobile ph khp Si Gn, trong  c 2 TTBH VIP ti 138A Trn Ph v s 4 Nguyn Th Minh Khai. Ngoi ra, chng ti cn s hu 2 website TMT bachlongmobile.com, www.thegioixiaomi.vn v 1 website cung cp dch v bo hnh sa cha bachlongcare.com c thit k hin i nhm mang n s tin li cho KH khi mua sm, bo hnh, sa cha ti h thng ca Bch Long Mobile.
I love comments. Love 'em. However, abusive or spam or Anonymous ones may well be sent straight to the bin. Thems the rules.
In the heart of the CBD, Oaks Lexicon is one of Brisbane?s newest and most contemporary buildings. Oaks Lexicon combines the outstanding facilities and services of a modern luxury hotel with the privacy and spaciousness of fully self-contained apartments. Oaks Lexicon is located within minutes of shopping, restaurants, the Queen Street Mall, Riverside and China Town. All apartments have their own private and spacious balconies.
Turn left into Gateway Arterial Roads. Take the first exit after entering to city. Drive along Kingsford Smith Drive. Take the Ann Street exit and follow this along through the valley. Oaks Lexicon is located on the corner of Ann Wharf Street. Entrance is just past the traffic lights on the left hand side.
Leveraging our purchasing power across our vendors with both volume-based discounts as well as direct manufacturer programs, we reduce the costs on our clients' purchasing.
H&H Purchasing Services is a group purchasing management company providing group purchasing, purchasing services, procurement services, discounted food service programs to summer camps, small businesses and not-for-profit agencies.
French people locked hands to condemn the brutal killing of twelve people, some of whom are not even part of Charlie Hebdo's satirical publishing outfit shouting "God is Great" even as the world questions "Why did not God stop such atrocities from happening?"
I was attempting a question to myself : "What if we do away with all religion, its commandments, its traditions, and its rituals, will humankind still go after each other's throat?" Sadly the answer I had so far is not what I had hope to arrive at and humankind will still go after each other's throat.......to settle the intolerance of difference, and also to force on or coerce others into being similar.
Religion has become so contentious, and differences become so wide that in the big ways people go to war, and in smaller ways they sue each other in court. Breakaway groups sprouted up all over with hyper emphasis on specific doctrines or rituals that are mere part of what the entire religion is founded upon. Their religious mission becomes fragmented parts instead of a harmonized whole.
But in the first place, religion is supposed to help put order into a continuously populating world, and in a way slows down the pace of self destruction by pursuing good, yet there are people who are against having religion not knowing that by being anti-religion they have invariably created another religion and contributing to the ever increasing differences and dissimilarities. Diversity is not a need but a result to live with yet these days we worship the sacredness of diversity and enshrined upon the alter.
Had not for those working for Charlie Hebdo try to make a mockery of another religion so that theirs can look better and more powerful, their fate could well be different and live to enjoy more. Had not the killers took religious authority upon their own hands to settle the differences, they would not have invited the world to point their guns at them.
So when the French people proclaims in solidarity JE SUIS CHARLIE, are these people uniting in the religion that Charlie Hebdo is proliferating or is it really something else?
They just seem too in a hurry to unite, and too eager to let their solidarity be known and JE SUIS CHARLIE is already there and it sounds sexy enough.
As the dust settles, CHARLIE didn't seems quite right. Those guys are bloody provocateurs and they brought it upon themselves taking along the innocents. I AM NOT CHARLIE! Charlie is a rogue that creates problem that others had to bear with them.
Why was there no condemnation for Charlie? Why is the one that says "Shoot Me" less culpable that the one that answered "OK I shoot you?"
What is that hidden fear that people dare to condemn unbridled freedom of expression? Is there something more fearful than to have a bullet in the head?
They supported those who sow discord and perpetrated hate n their choice of JE SUIS CHARLIE as symbol for solidarity.
By rallying against Muslims, they are perpetuating a conflict that based on misguided understanding, and instead persecuting those who stood for Peace.
Prime Retail location on the corner of Fraser & 20th. EXCELLENT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - solid tenant with HUGE potential in this high traffic, up and coming neighbourhood. Perfect for a no-headache investment. Call for more details.
What is a car title loan? Properly, it is just how it sounds. You are offering your title as equity for a loan from the lender. There are numerous different kinds of these. For instance, a conventional lender like a financial institution or financial company may consider your title as equity. However, there are also particular car title loan companies available too. Within this article, we will concentrate on companies specializing in this area.
Properly, there may be a lot of reasons which you would want to use your car title for this specific purpose. For instance, perhaps you have some expenses that really need to be trapped. Around the other hands, maybe you just require some extra cash to ensure it is through to the following pay day. Perhaps you have an unexpected emergency which makes fast cash essential. Possibly way it is, this provides the capability to make use of your resources and get cash when you really need it.
The way this functions typically depends upon what kind of company you use. Oftentimes, particularly nowadays, you can get a loan on your own title and nevertheless maintain your car. However, in some instances, the lender may need they always keep ownership of the vehicle up until the loan has been repaid.
You would consider the car and your title with each other to the possibility lender. They would look your car by calendar year, make, and model, and then figure out what the reselling worth of the car may be. They will also then look in the real car to figure out its problem. In general, you may be eligible for a loan up to 50 % of the entire reselling worth of the car. You can check out http://titleloans2u.com/ to know more about title loans.
On getting the money, either you will be needed to create a lump amount repayment or may be capable to make obligations on the attention, in the event you cannot create a complete repayment. There are rates of interest billed about this kind of loan and typically, it is someplace near to 300Percent attention.
General, in the event you are having problems finding a loan elsewhere, have terrible credit, but require cash quick for any cause, a car title loan may be your solution. However, you need to ensure that you have a free and crystal clear title, within your ownership, and you have the capability to pay back, or danger dropping your vehicle. If you want money rapidly, a Payday Loan may be a much better option for you personally, which can also offer money rapidly and generally without having credit inspections.
Simply imagine a scenario  you are opting for an important board conference that might alter your profession permanently! You placed on a stunning white shirt and take a look at yourself in the mirror. Instantly, you get overwhelmed by a peaceful sensation that put all your stress and anxiety and uneasyness to rest! Your appearance provides you a self-confidence that you might have been trying to find and produces a favorable aura around you that will promote itself when you get in the conference room.
A white business shirt always produces a favorable ambiance around an individual that not just imparts self-esteem however likewise draws in gazes from all quarters. An individual in a white official shirt always produces an extra effect compared with somebody else in another shade of color. Psychologists believe, that people ought to use a color in accordance with the time or the condition of the day when it is used. Colors used on dismal rainy days must be intense while people can get away putting dull colors on warm days. This according to them, affects the frame of mind of the individual sporting the color apart from those around that individual. This is not appropriate in case of white. A white shirt will always develop a favorable effect on the user in addition to others, regardless of when and on what kind of day it is used.
Another crucial element about the white color is that it can be used in casual along with official occasions. Its simply the way you use the shirt that makes the distinction. If you put a business shirt that is white in an official way, you can go to a conference or a workshop. On the other hand, that same polo shirts Pakistan can be used with a denims with the 2 buttons unbuttons and the shirt untucked. It ends up being ideal casual outfit and the most essential thing is that the color fits in both the occasions.
Black leather bags are an extremely beneficial product to own. They offer you style in addition to something extremely helpful.
There are lots of different uses for a black leather bags, and appropriately lots of different types that you can get. The most typical of these, is most likely the leather bag. Women especially like that black goes truly well with whatever they are using, so black is typically the first option for many accessories.
You will see that there are a lot of black leather purse types to select from with whatever from small clutch style bags all the way as much as big leather purses. There are other types of bag aside from bags. Lots of people prefer to buy leather bags as they are extremely elegant and useful for bring around a lot of things. These bags are likewise helpful for bring laptop computers, as they are big enough however are not clearly bags including a laptop. You will likewise find that bags with excellent shoulder straps are popular as they permit you to bring much heavier products.
If you use a shoulder strap bag, you are spreading out the weight over your body and this makes it great for bring books for work or school. Whilst these are the more typical uses for the leather bag, there are other types for your to select from. Have you ever considered getting a leather backpack or laptop bag? There once again are really advanced products that look great in leather. They have extra pockets to bring all the peripherals that include a laptop. You can see that leather is an excellent product to make all sort of different bags from. While you can get other colors, black is best as it goes so well with many different clothing.
Your browser has JavaScript disabled. Please enable it in order to regain the full functionality of this website.
A criminal conviction record can make your entry to the beautiful and peaceful country of Canada a great challenge. A driving under influence conviction is one of the most common barriers that might hinder you...
The recent release of the movie, The Bling Ring, which was a true story, made everyone aware that despite their fame, even celebrities can be victimized by burglars and need to protect themselves and their...
After filling the shoes of everyone from Dick Clark to Casey Kasem throughout his decade-long career as an entertainment mogul, Ryan Seacrest decided to set his eyes on a new prize: technological...
Celebrities are the trendsetters whom we all emulate, rushing out to buy celebrity inspired dresses so we can have their look for ourselves. However, some celebs are more iconic than others. Here are the 10...
Coming 2011, DiRT 3 will boast more cars, more locations, more routes and more events than any other game in the series, including over 50 rally cars representing the very best from five decades of the sport. With more than double the track content of 2009s hit, DiRT 3 will see players start at the top as a professional driver, with a top-flight career in competitive off-road racing complimented by the opportunity to express themselves in Gymkhana-style showpiece driving events.
As players race to elevate their global standing, DiRT 3 delivers mud, sweat and gears world over: from the intense weather-beaten rally stages of Europe, Africa and the US, to executing performance driving showcases and career challenges where car control is pushed to spectacular limits.
Optimize cooling performance by removing heat from the core area, providing ultimate solution for professional gamers and HTCP users..
Solid State Choke (SSC) - Durable Iron that can maximize current capacity, power efficiency and stability.
Expand your favorite games across multiple displays with AMD Eyefinity technology for an incredibly expansive field of view..
Get the freedom and flexibility to upgrade. This modular solution enables you to add more displays when you need them.
Get more done. Put your productivity into overdrive and let up to three displays put all the information you need right before your eyes.
Dont choose between play and work. Let up to 4 displays help you enjoy games, movies and the web at the same time
* ATI Eyefinity technology requires one panel with a DisplayPort connector to enable the third display. DisplayPort to DVI dongle is required for panel with DVI connector
Play your favorite games in full stereo 3D, and get incredibly rich and interactive gameplay with AMD HD3D technology.
With outstanding tessellation performance, AMD Radeon HD 6800 Series graphics are designed to deliver the realistic detail that you deserve.
Accelerate the most demanding applications with AMD Accelerated Parallel Processing (APP) technology. Do more, faster.
Get intense gaming performance and unrivalled image quality with stunning 3D visual effects, realistic lighting and lifelike imagery, driven by AMDs second-generation DirectX 11-capable graphics.
Provides enhanced processor performance while using less power and better transistor efficiency than previous generation technology
Watch the hottest Blu-ray movies, online video and other HD content beyond 1080p with low power and low noise with GPU acceleration and enhanced Unified Video Decoder (UVD) 3 features
The Excalibur, once owned by the invincible King Arthur, denotes the leader's mighty kingship with its mystical power and fascinating beauty and brings him triumph battle after battle.
PCI Express  based PC is required with one X16 lane graphics slot with 2 slots space available on the motherboard
500 Watt or greater power supply with two 75W 6-pin PCI Express power connectors recommended (600 Watt and four 6-pin connectors for AMD CrossFireX technology in dual mode)
Certified power supplies are recommended. Refer to http://ati.amd.com/certifiedPSU for a list of Certified products
I've had this card for about two months now. I'm an avid PC gamer and won the card in an online contest. I used to have a HIS 5770 HD card which crashed on me all the time until one of the HIS technicians helped me by suggesting changing the clock settings using MSI Afterburner, which worked like a charm.
With this new card, I haven't had a single crash since. This card is everything you've read here. It's big (I had to shell out to get a HAF Cooler Master to accommodate the card which is about a foot long.) It is also whisper quiet. The best part is the performance. To me, a graphics card is working best when I forget it's there: it runs flawlessly, it's quiet, and it easily handles the high end games I throw at it. The 6870 has done this all. I'd definitely pay for this card and I'm considering upgrading to a crossfire mobo so I can hook up another one.
Overall this is a great video card, and I definitely recommend that you buy it! Amazingly quiet and the price for performance on this card can't be beat!
- Eyefinity support, I ran with three monitors (20" - 28" - 20" ) and this adds a completely new gaming experience!
- This card is long, be sure you check your case dimensions as for my case the Antec Sonata III 500, it was tight fit.
- Three monitor setup would not allow me to use the HDMI port and the two DVI ports, only the mini display port and two DVI ports.
I just recently purchased this card and I must confess that I'm rediculously happy with it. I did have an XFX 6870, but sold it and purchased two of the HIS IceQ cards to replace it, intending to run them in crossfire. Running just one I noticed that the heat dissipation was far better, it ran cooler, and allowed for a heavy overclock before it reached the temperature that the XFX 6870 did at stock clock speeds.
Running two of them in crossfire was, to put it quite simply, amazing. All the games I run now can be played at full with no texture popping, extremely high framerates (even running intensive games such as the Crysis series)and all without running over 60 degrees Celsius.
All in all, I'd reccommend this graphics card to anybody that wants great prices and fantastic performance for modern games, and it's just a small upgrade to install another one in crossfire to keep up with even more intenstive games that come out in the future.
Just one warning to customers however, make sure your case can fit the card as it comes in at nearly 29cm -- the last thing you want is to open up your new card eager to test it and find that it doesn't fit.
Pros- Great Price/Performance. Fast, Quiet, Cool. Ran all my games flawlessy. Comes with Dirt3, and the graphics are stunning.
After receiving this HIS IceQ 6870 and upon opening it i just thought wow this is a big beast, and i actually had to get a new case which i was going to get anyways and i fitted this beast into a Coolermaster Storm Enforcer case which you can remove a few hdd cages if need be and it then has plenty of room for this GPU.
Every game i testing this GPU on ran no more that 56c in temperature and fan speed no more than 50% and evety game ran very nice and no lagging and very quiet so i could really enjoy the game.
For the price range of this GPU it is well worth the money and you will not be disappointed in the performance and quiet and cool temperature running of the HIS IceQ 6870 GPU.
I replaced my HIS HD 5850 iCooler V 1GB (256bit) GDDR5 PCIe with the HIS 6870 IceQ 1GB GDDR5 PCI-E. The 900 MHz Core Clock and 4200 MHz Memory Clock speed of this card makes a noticeable difference in game play and overall performance. It runs cool and quiet and is an awesome card for the price. I don't overclock but I am sure that the potential is there for those of you that do.
I love this card, its very quite and fast and graphic is awesome This card improves most of my games and applications from 37% to 65% in fps from my previous card. My graphic is very smooth. The next thing I will do is to install DiRT 3, and get 2 more monitors to connect. This HIS HD 6870 IceQ 1GB card is one of the very best video cards out there with packs of features, best for affordable, performs extremely well.
After benchmarking and testing a few different games, I have to honestly say that the HIS IceQ Radeon HD 6870 is the best card i have had my hands on. A little large, I was barely able to fit the beast in my mid-size ATX case due to a small rack that was part of the case itself. After install my case is still cool and has no signs of overheating, and it actually is quieter than it was with my old video card! This thing flies! I have the monster hooked up to a 23" monitor via DVI, as well as a 46" high end TV via HDMI; the picture is crystal clear on both sets, and runs Dirt 3 and New Vegas great on the large screen with no lag! I would recommend this card to anyone looking to upgrade to a decent video card, I may not need to upgrade another for quite a while! Great job HIS, keep up the awesome work, and I will keep up my support!
I have been nothing but extremely impressed with the time I've had so far with HIS 6870 IceQ. It runs fast, it runs cool and quiet. It is a fantastic value for the price and even more potential with a ton of overclock potential. I can't wait to see what HIS does next!
If you would like to read my In-Depth review of the HIS HD 6870 IceQ 1GB please enter the link below. Thank You.
Comments will be reviewed by the editors before being published, mainly to ensure that spam and irrelevant material are not published . Please feel free to comment!
We strongly encourage you to use your real name. E-mail addresses are required in case we need to follow up with you directly. We won't publish your e-mail address unless you request.
"The fan speed follows temperature changes promptly and delivers good and quiet cooling performance. The other great thing is that this model clocks up nicely too; +100MHz GPU core and +200MHz Memory is a very good overclock and the HIS HD6870 IceQ 1GB produced an excellent 14% average increase in benchmark scores becausee of this." Benchmark Reviews "Recommended Product"
"The HIS 6870 IceQ 1GB GDDR5 Video Card is one of the best all around video card on the planet. While it's not the fastest video card, it won't break the bank, but it performs very well and is loaded with excellent features. If you want more performance, just add another in a crossfire setup." 3D GameMan "Kickass Gameman's Choice"
"Overall, the card fits in its mid-range segment quite well in performance as well pricing, landing right in the middle of each essentially. As far as choosing between all the 6870s on the market and this one, the 6870 IceQ from HIS should be a front-runner to buyers due to its superior cooling, quieter operation, and good price point, especially when compared with the reference models." Overclockers.com "Approved"
"With the GPU overclocked to 985MHz and the VRAM at MHz 1205MHz (GDDR 4820MHz) the HIS Radeon HD 6870 IceQ wasnt even audible when stress testing. Other Radeon HD 6870 graphics cards built around the AMD reference design sound like they are trying to suck all the air out of the room." Legion Hardware "Performance Award"
"Overall a Mid-Range Gaming Card for a Mid-Range Gaming Resolution and this card will run anything and everything you can possibly throw at it without breaking a sweat. In fact the card never rose above 60c in my case when gaming for long sessions. If youre in the market for a gaming card for your 1440900 or so monitor, then look no further. This is the card you want." Go!GamingGiant "G3 Green 'Best Bang For Buck' Award"
"The HIS 6870 IceQ is one of the best video card values on the market today. If you want to upgrade your current PC or jump into PC gaming for the first time, this is a great choice." Digital Hippos "5 Stars Rating"
"HIS HD 6870 ICEQ is exactly what the name describes: ice cold, and if that is not enough, the card remains ninja silent, the big cooler is simply not to be heard in my case. The card itself performs quite reasonable, you may wonder why HIS has not chosen to factory overclock the card when the cooler is so good. This is up to the end user, which some may think is great. The little cards last great feature is the low power consumption as some users appreciate. The cooler is much larger than necessary, but it works really well and makes this card the best 6870 I've tested." HwT.dk "Silver Award"
"That said, HIS has done a very good job here with the 6870 1GB IceQ by adding a custom heatsink that dramatically improves temperatures and noise levels. The temperatures are the very best we've seen on a Radeon 6870 amongst all competitors, and the fan is barely audible at idle and still wonderfully quiet under full load. Further, the addition of a free game in the package is an outstanding value for consumers." PureOverclock "Great Hardware"
"HIS has done a very good job here with the 6870 IceQ 1GB by adding a custom heatsink that dramatically improves temperatures and noise levels. The temperatures are the very best we've seen on a Radeon 6870 amongst all competitors, and the fan is barely audible at idle and still wonderfully quiet under full load."
Calm Your Senses With An Oil Diffuser - If you have been considering investing in an oil diffuser then this is something that you should definitely go ahead and do. There are various benefits of ...
One of the most amusing things for me over the last few months as the anti-gay bigots have begun to recognize that theyre likely to lose the marriage battle has been watching their hilarious William Wallace impersonations as they declare, ever more loudly, that they will never surrender or capitulate. Bryan Fischer, thats your cue:
This has got to be a non-negotiable red line for us, Fischer said. It is absolutely imperative that that we categorically, unambiguously, and publicly declare that we will NEVER  accept the normalization of homosexual marriage, and will NEVER capitulate to any Nazi-esque order from any government at any level to violate either conscience or biblical principle on this matter.
They cant arrest us all, they cant prosecute us all, they cant lock us all up, they cant shut down every Christian-run business, they cant shut down every Christian school, they cant shut down every Bible-believing church, they cant shut down every Christian ministry, he concluded. They cant lock us all up, but our determination to resist moral tyranny must be resolute enough to prompt them to try.
Come on Bryan, youre just not trying hard enough. You should actually paint your face blue and scream that at the top of your lungs atop your trusty steed (named Freedom, of course). Of course, no one is going to be locked up or rounded up into FEMA reeducation camps or any such nonsense. Its so much easier to declare ones own bravery in the face of an entirely mythical oppression.
Through reports in the newspaper and on social media this week, it has come to my attention that I was expelled from the UCT SRC at a SRC meeting on Tuesday, 21 July.
After consulting with my legal representatives this week, I have now informed the Vice-Chancellor of UCT that I do not accept the decision arising from what was undoubtedly an irregular meeting. I have requested the Vice-Chancellor to exercise his power to review the decision, and for UCT to intervene in order to protect my rights.
The SRC meeting, which took place in my absence on Tuesday night, was initially called to discuss my Facebook post that we are institutionalizing and normalizing sin! May God have mercy on us. Never did I imagine that a comment in my personal capacity on my personal wall, on a news event that people around the world have commented on in social media and elsewhere, would lead to such violent reaction against me.
I have maliciously been branded as a homophobe and someone who hates LGBTQIA+ people. I respect that my conviction may be different to that of the LGBTQIA+ community, but that does not make me a homophobe or my conviction hate speech. The South African Constitution guarantees the human right to freedom of expression (section 16) and also to freedom of conscience, religion, belief and opinion (section 15), to every person. This means that everyone (Christians, the LGBTQIA+ community and everyone else) should be free to say what they believe  even if others disagree therewith. This respect and tolerance for difference forms the bedrock of our Constitution, is part of the UCT ethos and values statement and also of the SRCs Constitution itself.
Unfortunately however, my experience has been quite different to the above. Instead of respect and tolerance, I have experienced victimization and persecution.
As a result of this post, I was suspended from the SRCs Vacation Committee without proper process or reasons. I received hate mail on Facebook (even from a DA MP and National Spokesperson, and also from other SRC members), suffered various instances of intimidation, harassment and threats, had my
office vandalised, and also had members of the LGBTQIA+ community take lewd pictures in my office which they then posted on my Facebook wall. Requests were even made to Allan Gray, my bursary holder, to withdraw my bursary. Had Allan Gray complied with this request, it would of course have had inconceivable negative consequences for me as I would not have been able to complete my studies!
I have been informed by reliable sources that the SRC meeting on Tuesday night, was chaotic and that members of the UCT Queer Revolution and associates who participated in the meeting, demonstrated a total disregard for due process as well as a blatant disrespect and intolerance for anyone who had an opinion or contribution that differed with their viewpoint. I have been informed further that when the SRC President adjourned the meeting as a result thereof, he was held ransom by some members of the LGBTQIA+ community and also suffered gross insult when they surrounded him and removed their clothes. I find such blatant criminal conduct completely incompatible with the dignity which should be the hallmark of a body such as the SRC and of which I have been a proud member. In my view, such conduct also does not accord with the democratic values which UCT claims to espouse.
I understand further that after the SRC President had already adjourned the meeting, an illegitimate motion was passed by the remainder of the SRC to remove me from office. This is not only a violation of my procedural rights to a proper disciplinary hearing, but also a violation of the SRCs own Constitution which lists the limited grounds on which a SRC member will cease to hold office  none of which finds application in the present instance.
In the circumstances, I do not accept, and strongly object to, the unconstitutional and irregular decision to expel me from the SRC.
I have written a letter to the Vice-Chancellor informing him of my position and requesting him to, in terms of his institutional powers, review the decision and set it aside. In the absence of appropriate steps, I shall launch a review application to the High Court.
In terms of my letter to the Vice-Chancellor, a response from the University was expected by close of business on Friday, 24 July. By 17:00 on Friday, no response has of yet been received.
Issued on behalf of Zizipho Pae by FOR SA (Freedom of Religion South Africa) by Pauline Sayers, Media Relations Manager for FOR SA (www.forsa.org.za)
"Stochastic modeling and analysis of video on demand system with VCR functionalities", in Proceedings of the Eighteenth IEEE International Conference on Computer Science and Engineering, IEEE Xplore, August 2014.
Developed an open source tool named "Tool for Calculating Steady State Probability", to calculate steady state probability for any combination of system variables of the certain process model. Approved by author of PRISM, David Parker from Oxford University.
International Conference  18th International Conference on Computer Science and Engineering, July-August 2014 at Khon Kaen University, Thailand.
International Conference  2nd International Conference on Advanced Computing Networking and Informatics, from June 2014 at St. Thomas College, Kolkata, India.
Well this is the 362nd Post on my Blog since I started it on Jan 1st 2006. So I haven't done bad to keep my blog going with at least a few posts a month at it's quietest. Thanks to all the people who visit here and leave comments. I also have a blog HERE with general nonsense that you can visit if there's nothing been posted here.
Congrats and a happy new year, too!!! I love visiting your blog and can't wait to see what you create next, Andrew!
Brilliant work, Andrew. I'll be one of the many calling back for regular visits. All the best for 2008!
One of my favourite blogs - I always know where to look for the highest class corridors! Seriously great blog
I now have an even deeper respect for your skills! I got Mudbox at Christmas and GEEZ, its a bit tough to learn...and I sculpt a lot! It's made me look back at more of your mudbox works with new apriciation!
Blog Archive November (1) May (3) November (2) October (4) March (1) February (1) December (1) November (1) October (2) September (3) March (1) February (2) January (3) December (1) August (1) June (1) April (1) March (1) February (1) January (4) August (2) May (2) April (1) March (10) February (1) December (1) May (1) April (3) March (2) January (1) December (2) October (2) September (7) August (1) June (1) May (1) March (3) February (2) January (1) December (2) October (2) September (2) August (1) July (4) June (1) May (1) April (2) March (2) February (2) January (2) December (3) November (7) October (10) September (6) August (5) July (7) June (7) May (7) April (9) March (11) February (13) January (25) December (11) November (16) October (13) September (22) August (15) July (16) June (12) May (14) April (21) March (29) February (22) January (55)
For the first time in the history of the Olympic Games, the 2010 Winter Games in Vancouver, Canada, include chiropractic care inside the Olympic Village Polyclinic, a multi-disciplinary facility offering comprehensive healthcare and medical services.
While DCs have historically been included on the Olympic medical staff, this years events mark the first time that DCs from the host country will be treating athletes and officials from around the world directly inside the Polyclinic.
This is an historic event not only for the chiropractic profession, but also the athletes who will now have access to the care that will help them prepare their bodies for competition, states Michael Reed, DC, MS, DACBSP, and team USAs medical director (USOC). These athletes train hard and endure significant physical demands. Sports-focused DCs, along with other members of the sports medicine team, are specially skilled to assist them in reaching peak performance.
Chiropractic care has experienced several major moments in Olympic history, dating back to Leroy Perry, DC, who provided chiropractic care to athletes representing Antigua during the 1976 Games in Montreal, Canada. During the 1980 Winter Olympic Games in Lake Placid, NY, George Goodheart, DC, became the first official chiropractor appointed to the U.S. team.
With each subsequent Olympic Games and Pan American Games, the U.S. teams  along with a growing number of other national teams  have included at least one doctor of chiropractic on their medical staff.
Inclusion inside the Polyclinic is another major milestone for the chiropractic profession, and we are grateful to the host city of Vancouver, the head of medical services at the Polyclinic, Jack Taunton, MD, and to Robert Armitage, DC, who helped make this possible, says USOC Director of Sports Medicine Clinics, Bill Moreau, DC, DACBSP.
A recent survey involving 963 college students indicates the college lifestyle is strongly associated with back pain. Of those surveyed, 38 percent or almost 4 in 10 students reported having suffered from back pain within the previous school year. Interestingly, the strongest associations with back pain in college students were the students either feeling chronically fatigued or being in an emotionally abusive relationship. Thus, survey findings indicated psychosocial factors were highly associated with a students likelihood of suffering from back pain.
The most recent research (Neck Pain Task Force Report of the Bone and Joint Decade 2000-2010, a study sanctioned by the United Nations and the World Health Organization) indicates neck manipulation is a safe and effective form of health care, according to Matt Pagano, DC, chiropractic profession spokesperson.
Respected researcher and epidemiologist J. David Cassidy, DC, PhD, DrMedSc, testified as a key witness last week at the hearings on informed consent before the Connecticut Board of Chiropractic Examiners in Hartford, Conn. Speaking as an expert witness and consultant to the International Chiropractors Association (ICA)and with the support of all chiropractic organizations involved in the process, including the American Chiropractic Association, Association of Chiropractic Colleges, Foundation for Chiropractic Progress, Life West, New York College of Chiropractic, Parker College of Chiropractic, Palmer College of Chiropractic, and the University of Bridgeport College of ChiropracticDr. Cassidy addressed key facts and issues on the basis of the existing science and research record, to which he has been a significant contributor. The objective of his testimony was to bring the discussion from an emotional issue back to science and the objective research record.
Dr. Cassidy joined an extensive list of witnesses representing the chiropractic profession, including William J. Lauretti, DC; James J. Lehman, DC, MBA; J. Clay McDonald, DC, JD, MBA; Gerard W. Clum, DC; Stephen M. Perle, DC, MS; Gina Carucci, DC, MS, DICCP, who appeared on behalf of the Connecticut Chiropractic Association (CCA); and George Curry, DC, FICA, who appeared on behalf of the Connecticut Chiropractic Council (CCC).
The chiropractic profession unequivocally supports a patients right to be informed of the material benefits and risks of any type of health care treatment  not just chiropractic. Legislation or regulatory mandates governing informed consent should apply to all health care providers and all treatments in equal measure. However, a new law, regulation or mandate highlighting one specific treatment by a specific health care profession, which carries with it an extremely rare association and no causal link identified in the research, is simply not good public health policy. It would set an unnecessary precedent for all health care providers, procedures and products that would be virtually impossible to implement, said Pagano.
The existing informed consent standards in Connecticut allow for the best opportunity for shared decision making between a patient and his or her health care provider. Further, the chiropractic organizations participating in the hearing process all believe informed consent is more than a piece of paper; it is a process. It should occur in the context of a discussion between a doctor and a patient, and it should be appropriately documented.
In a finding highly relevant to the issue before the Connecticut Board of Chiropractic Examiners, the Neck Pain Task Force study demonstrated that patients suffering from headache and neck pain are no more likely to suffer from a stroke following a visit to a chiropractor than they are after a visit to a family medical physician. This implies that there are factors involved other than the type of care provided by doctors of chiropractic. Its important to note that millions of patients safely benefit from chiropractic care every yearthey are able to return to their normal activities and enjoy a better quality of life.
Dr. Cassidy was an investigator with the Bone and Joint Decade 2000-2010 Task Force on Neck Pain and Its Associated Disorders. The work of this international task force affirms the safety and benefits of chiropractic care for people with neck paina condition frequently treated by doctors of chiropractic. The Task Force initiated this new population-based, case-control and case-crossover study, which appeared in the Feb. 15, 2008 edition of the journal Spine.
The study, which analyzed nine years worth of data from a population of 110-million person years, concluded that vertebrobasilar artery (VBA) stroke is a very rare event and that the risk of VBA stroke following a visit to a chiropractors office appears to be no different than the risk of VBA stroke following a visit to the office of a primary care medical physician (PCP). The study goes on to say that any observed association between VBA stroke and chiropractic manipulationas well as its apparent association with PCP visitsis likely due to patients with an undiagnosed vertebral artery dissection seeking care for neck pain and headache prior to their stroke.
Over the years, popular media has all too often sensationalized the association between chiropractic cervical manipulation and cerebral vascular accidentseven though the evidence would strongly indicate that this assertion is incorrect. The organizations representing the chiropractic profession believe this most recent evidence should help to dispel any myths on this issue, as well as provide more data to support the safety and effectiveness of chiropractic procedures.
As a profession, doctors of chiropractic remain committed to expanding the research and clinical understanding of VBA injuries, because even one cerebral vascular incident that could have been prevented or detected early is one too many.
A new report indicates U.S. hospitals for many are a potentially deadly place. According to the report, 48,000 patients in 2006 were killed in U.S. hospitals from pneumonia and blood-borne infections acquired during the patients hospital stay. This amounted to approximately $8.1 billion in medical costs. According to researcher Anup Malani, In some cases, relatively healthy people check into the hospital for routine surgery. They develop sepsis because of a lapse in infection control and they can die. Overall, it is estimated that 1.7 million healthcare-associated infections are diagnosed every year in the United States.
Betty Vessichelli Buonincontri, of Glen Cove and formerly of Greenvale, died on March 12, 2015, at age 89. Beloved wife of the late Vito Vessichelli and the late Joseph Buonincontri.
Proud grandmother of Kendall Grohman, Anthony Gabriel, Ryan Vessichelli and John Gabriel. Great-grandmother of Aidan Grohman and Liam Grohman. Also survived by nieces and nephews. Member of the Sons of Italy, Knights of Columbiettes and the Rosary Society of St. Rocco.
Jill Nossa is the editor of Glen Cove Record Pilot, Oyster Bay Enterprise Pilot and a contributing writer for Long Island Weekly.
The Record Pilot has served the areas of Glen Cove, Sea Cliff, Glen Head, Glenwood Landing and Locust Valley since 1917, acting as a loyal source for local news and community events
My name is Kristen Hanson (Lincks) and I am a member of North Shores Class of 1998. I write to you with a voice that has tremendous affection and a deep appreciation for the area which I was raised and educated in, the area I chose to reside in during my 20s and was also fortunate enough to be a teacher in the special education department at North Shore High School for eight years. Five generations ago, my maternal side of the family planted their roots in the promenade section of Glen Head when my great-great- grandparents bought a home in my old neighborhood. Today, their granddaughter, Mary (my grandmother) still resides on Maiden Lane and my parents live close by. Although my husband, sons and I happily now live in Centerport, my roots are something I keep very close to me. Without question the reasons for this are naturally due to my family, my lifelong friendships that began in nursery school back in 83 and later flourished throughout my 13 years of formal education at North Shore and last but not least, my education itself.
To many others and I, the North Shore School District always resembled a private school style of education due to its small class sizes, incredible amount of extracurricular opportunities and the unwavering support, dedication and professionalism of many administrators and faculty members alike. One of the many faculty members that I speak proudly of is Richard Galati, a former member of the science department for 30 years at North Shore High School. Rich is now running for one of two open trustee positions on the North Shore Board of Education and what a tremendous asset he would be should he gain his desired role.
I have the great pleasure of knowing Rich through a unique lensfirstly as my former and widely respected teacher back in 1996, secondly as my former trusted colleague and thirdly, as a treasured friend. If you dont already know Rich, please allow me the opportunity to introduce him to you. Rich was born into a family of educators. His parents, siblings, aunts and uncles have experiences which range from elementary classroom teachers, special education teachers, to those who have served as administrators.
Rich graduated with honors distinction from the West Islip School District in 1975 where he was a varsity athlete and an All-County percussionist. Following his success at West Islip, Rich attended Colgate University and graduated with a bachelors degree in biochemistry in three years. Over the course of the next few years, Rich began working as a graduate research assistant with focuses on synthetic organic chemistry, medicinal chemistry (researching the development of anti-cancer agents) and he became a teaching assistant, while named the head of the undergraduate Organic Chemistry Laboratory at the University of Miami.
Unfortunately, Rich was faced with the onset of diabetic retinopathy in 1981, which resulted in significant visual loss adding great challenges to his work and schooling as a PhD student. Rich worked as an organic chemist at the University of Miamis Department of Medicine until his medical condition caused him to change his career path. At this point in time, Rich decided that he wanted to earn his M.S. at the University and become a science educator.
In 1984, the couple moved back to New York when his wife, Dr. Darlene Galati, completed her MD program, and she began an internship at Stony Brook followed by her residency in ophthalmology at the Mount Sinai Medical Center. Rich began teaching Advanced Placement (AP) chemistry and honors physics at St. John the Baptist Diocesan High School in West Islip. He was later accepted into a PhD program at Columbia Universitys Teachers College, but much to the benefit of the North Shore community, Rich was hired in September of 1985 at the high school with the expectation of developing their honors chemistry program. For the next three decades, Rich taught many levels of both chemistry and physics and to date is the only member of the science faculty who has taught AP levels of biology, chemistry and physics. In 1990, Darlene and Rich decided to raise their family in Glen Head. By 1993, Rich and Darlene were the proud parents of four children: Richard Jr., Christina, Matthew and Jonathan, all of whom graduated from North Shore with exceptional and highly distinguished academic, musical and/or athletic careers.
To say that Rich and Darlene have raised four incredibly bright, kind and respectful children is an understatement. This is a family who places great emphasis on values, respect and education to say the very least. The Galati children were not just seen at academic competitions, sporting events, play rehearsals and musical events, etc. While participating in all of the above, their children were also visible at our local hospitals, law firms, veterinary hospitals, etc., obtaining first hand access to their potential field of interests via volunteerism and internships at a young age. Accomplished does not begin to describe these four children, now adults, that I speak of. Rich and Darlene played a large role in their childrens abilities to not only set and reach goals, but to consistently achieve far and beyond each one set. Rich carried the values that he and Darlene established in their home directly into the classroom and did so with sheer humility as he touched hundreds of high schoolers.
Throughout Richs 30 notable years teaching at North Shore High School, his contributions are nearly innumerable. For 27 of these years, Rich was the Director of Student Extracurricular Activities, which provided him with plethora of budget related experience. His highlights include the establishment of international and domestic student exchange programs which were solely funded via student driven fundraising efforts, the initiation of student participation in the National Chemistry Olympiad and having one student receiving national top ten accolades, creating the AP Physics program (which he remained the sole instructor of prior to retirement), beginning the first Science Research Program in the district with friend and colleague Janice Chen in 1997 (they had their first Intel Semi-Finalist in 1999, followed by five others), established the NSHS Chapter of the Science National Honor Society in 2005 (which he advised through 2016) and serving as the faculty advisor to the Student Government Organization for many years. Rich was also a faculty representative at the first Shared Decision Making Committee, was selected to be the question editor for Nassau BOCES restructuring of the Physical Setting, Chemistry Regents Examination, was trained as an IB (International Baccalaureate) Physics Teacher and wrote the course description for the districts IB Physics program.
In addition to all of this, Rich has mentored teachers, was named the Chief Negotiator for the NSSFE (North Shore Schools Federation of Employees) in Collective Bargaining for the 2008-2012 contract settlement, was selected as the NSHS Teacher of the Year by the PTSA in June of 2011, was awarded a College Board Grant in July of 2014 to study the new AP Physics 1 and 2 programs, received the 2016 North Shore Yearbook dedication upon his retirement (awarded by the Senior Class student body) and is a member of several highly regarded educational organizations in addition to Kiwanis, The Order Sons of Italy in America and the North Shore Coalition Against Substance Abuse.
It is without question in my mind that should he be elected to the NS Board of Ed., Richs expertise in education and impeccable work ethic would be a terrific asset to the community as it continues to grow and evolve. Rich is a man of immense character and is a consummate professional who knows the infrastructure of the district. He does not subscribe to the modern idea of awarding individuals with participation trophies (as the real world certainly does not) and easily establishes respectful and comfortable working relationships through his kind demeanor. With full faith and due to his intricate and unique knowledge of the school system, I believe that Rich would build upon the many strengths of the North Shore Schools while helping to rebuild and refine its weaknesses. Your support for Richard Galati would be a choice of the perfect combination of old-fashioned values blended with a modern understanding of educations needs and changing demands.
You might be wondering why I am writing this letter, being that I no longer reside within the North Shore Schools, but in addition to the previously explained deep connection I personally feel to home, the answer is quite simple. I firmly believe that Rich Galatis experience and possible presence on the NS Board of Education could only benefit the futures of the children in your community and primarily as a mother and secondly as a teacher, I believe that all children deserve the very best. Vote Richard Galati and strengthen the North Shore Schools.
Glen Cove Record Pilot welcomes letters from the community. The views expressed in letters to the editor are not necessarily those of the publisher or Anton Media Group.
Marc Squires, Hollis Roy Rumbaugh Steve Sareault, Milford Karl Zahn, Milford. Holly Bush Pub in Makeney, Derbyshire, as part of the Milford May Day celebrations on May 7th 2011. Lobby Registration - 03/10/2015 Failure to - State of Michigan.
I never had a relationship with my father and quiet frankly I would rather be shot. Watch Fucking wife in the kitchen on Redtube, home of free Amateur porn videos online. Alan Dubarr, Elm St Exd, New Milford Connecticut On the 2nd Tuesday of the month, commencing at 7pm.
Write a review Lawax capsules are the most effective and safe herbal premature ejaculation pills. Pornhub is the ultimate xxx Big pink dildo is used to toy the sweet curves and pussy of this teen. Garden Centres Colin Squire has been awarded one of the Alan Titchmarsh was a previous winner in 2012.
Back in early 1941 four brothers came together to start a business making furniture for the affluent families that lived around the Buffalo New York area. Later that year when the United States entered World War II they abandoned the furniture business and started manufacturing metal parts for the war effort.
Now 70 years and five generations later, Glidden Machine is still a family owned and operated company making precision machined Swiss, CNC and Screw Machine parts for a wide array of industries. Drawing on our many decades of experience, we are a highly motivated team dedicated to serving the needs of our customers. From our humble beginnings in a small garage to our current 19,000 sq. ft. modern facility we have always met the challenges of changing times. We are led by a simple mission, to produce the highest quality precision parts with on time delivery, competitive pricing and responsive customer service.
i had this experience before, HD has it's own special partition & no matter what i set in Bios it won't install a new OS even with a NEW HD, seems like the Bios & HD are link together with their proprietary software.
if it's a newer model, you can download the recovery dvd... although it will be very big (mine was 4.8Gb)
He can also just download Windows and use the CD-Key that's on the laptop's sticker? Then install drivers, etc. Won't be the factory image, though.
Windows 7 pre-installed? Does it have a Windows sticker? If so, you're in luck. These pre-installed windows use the same CD-key for the same manufacturer and edition. Otherwise the recovery disks won't work/activate.
Just use an unmodified MSDN copy to Windows 7. Then Google for the OEM SLP CD keys for HP. Select the key for the edition (Home, Professional, Ultimate, etc) that you installed. Usually where you obtained the keys also have the corresponding certificates that are needed for activation. The certificate and CD-key are included in the recovery disks and so they automatically activate. But by using a generic installer, you have to insert them manually. Otherwise everything is the same.
World War II Online is a Massively Multiplayer Online First Person Shooter based in Western Europe between 1939 and 1943. Through land, sea, and air combat using a ultra-realistic game engine, combined with a strategic layer, in the largest game world ever created - We offer the best WWII simulation experience around.
Having the same issue with latest patch. I am able to play Offline without any issues but when I log into campaign or training server at the loading screen I get CTD when loading bar gets to "loading terrain features." Win10 home (v1803 build 17134.345) / Intel 8600k / 16GB RAM / GTX1070ti
Looks great. Glad to see more detail and higher resolution textures going into the game. Concerns about performance should be pretty minimal. You can purchase a used GTX 1070ti for $150-200 on Ebay which gets you over 100 FPS easily.
Overall I think the buildings look very realistic and historical. Yeah maybe the kitchen looks a bit too much like 1960s America and less 1940s France, but I can survive that. Either way just resubbed a hero account
Seems like this is something that WWIIOL has had from day 1. https://docs.improbable.io/reference/13.3/shared/concepts/spatialos Seems like the big sales pitch they are making is that they are a service that provides turnkey server/networking work. Just upload your game and they will take care of everything from the hardware to the software side. But as far as the design this seems like what we currently have... multiple servers that control certain parts of the map that seamlessly switch from Server A to another controlled by Server B. I remember back in the first month of WWIIOL when the servers broke and had to be physically moved there were multiple servers each running an independent version of WWIIOL (there were 6 total IIRC). But when the hardware issues were resolved the servers were meshed back again and all of them ran one map. I don't know how the server architecture or network architecture works for WWIIOL. But my understanding is that we never had one gigantic server that ran the whole map, but rather there were several smaller servers that controlled players in certain parts of the map and all communicated with the main overall strategic layer sever that controlled town ownership, supply, etc. Seems this is exactly what the folks at Improbable are doing. But please correct me if I am wrong.
I would be all for giving it a try. The negative rank points is actually not a bad way to prevent griefing along with .votekick. The biggest issue is that it only takes one idiot to machine gun everyone defending a bunker right before an enemy cap to real sour the entire playerbase. Which is what happened last time, although I should note it kinda devolved into parody since everyone was just "trying it out"
I have very fond memories of our arch-enemies, 3CD. The 31st Wrecking Crew held the Namur-Revin line within our orbat so that vast majority of fights we were involved in were against 3CD. They are a great group of guys, and the no-camping gentlemens' agreement is true since we in the 31st honored it and had inter-squad communication. Without a doubt the toughest enemies we faced which is why we were assigned to that sector of the front. Great teamwork, great combined arms coordination, and if you even made the smallest mistake as their adversary they would quickly show you the error in your ways. I've been axis since 2001... but it you are looking for an allied squad there is no better one than 3CD!
Actually friendly fire is easy to implement and during one early intermission in I think 2001 or 2002 it was (didn't end too well). The difference between this game and others is the way it implements damage but physically modelling fragments or projectiles, rather than HE in other games which is statistically/hitpoint based (i.e. you are X meters from a bomb = you always die, whereas in WWIIOL you could be 25 m from a bomb and miraculously survive, while another guy at 50 m gets hit by shrapnel and dies, which is something you would never see in other games). Could it be better? Sure. But I think with the roadmap and the ratchat its clear that progress if being made, which is why old time players like me who have just been lurking around and checking in on the website every 6 months or so are starting to post on the forums.
I agree with Hatch 100% here. To give players some perspective there was also a "HC" in the game even in 2001 (I was in it, started the game day 1 as a Lieutenant General). But it was mostly for starting missions (nobody had rank back then), organization, and coordination between squads. Back then the major squads had their own sectors of the map they were responsible for (31st was traditionally Namur - Revin) and to shuffle around squads when necessary based on the strategic situation. When flags and then AOs started there was a lot of backend HC work that had already happened often naturally. For example my squad ran an entire Army top to bottom so there was a lot of buy-in, but more importantly there was always multiple HC officers on at all times. The same was true with many larger squads. Granted things weren't all rosy and there was criticism of the above model as being a good ol' boys club with squad members promoting squad members in the HC hierarchy, which led to several of the large squads leaving the HC system after an ugly power struggle. But for all its faults it worked. Players were organized and battles were large. Hatch I think echoes my own criticism of AOs in that they limited squad choice, making squad nights or any real operation taking planning an exercise in frustration or futility (often both) as the map OIC either couldn't spare an AO, or had differing strategic goals. I think players would be surprised how much time it took to plan out a once-weekly squad op. It was a lot of dedicated work by a lot of dedicated people: 1) pick strategic target and discuss merits/will it benefit front/can we defend it/are we over-extending 2) scouting main and flanking attack routes 3) scouting likely enemy resupply routes and planning how to cut them off 4) stockpiling equipment from behind the lines. We had a dedicated logistics officers with legit a notebook they would fill in (!). This crazy [censored] (Hikarr) would write down every tank we brought and from where it came. At one point we had a air squaddie with 3 accounts that would shuttle in 3 Ju87s at once on 3 systems (Ring) for operations. All crazy people, but honestly doing supply runs on teamspeak was fun too as crazy as that sounds. 5) organizing the column(s) which often required 3-4 separate channels, not including a command TS channel 6) coordinating with the squad air wing for both CAS and CAP 7) coordinating with the squad flak detachment (we had one of those too... back before SPAA was even a dream) that would often operate dozens of km away from the action setting up a flak trap at likely ingress points that the pilots would bait EA to fly into 8) coordinating with others squads/HC both before and during the op It was dozens of hours of work by many people. But it was fun. Hell, this one time we actually went as far as staging a mock practice op in a behind the lines town with a similar layout and topography.. completely nutso stuff. But it was fun... I still think why it was so fun to do something as boring as be the guy with binocs on the flank, or the lone stug cutting off a resupply road listening to the action over teamspeak. It was because there was a sense of ownership and a sense of buy-in. A lot of that got lost when all of the above was given to the HC and more importantly Map OIC. Its just too much work for even a small number of people.
Pretty much agree with what was said here 100%. Game should focus on facilitating squad play, giving tools to allow for easier squad nights, etc. HC's are a good layer for the game and should stay, but make it more like it was in the mid-2000s where squads organized/performed operations and were responsible for their map sector with HC acting as a squad-squad and squad-lonewolf liason and overall map-wide strategy. Rather than the later system where HC's attempting to organize and perform operations without buy-in from squads.
Hey Everyone, I really hope this "blog" finds you well. As you all probably know, I have decided the time has come for me to pursue new professional and personal experiences and challenges in my life. Ok, let me be honest here and clarify that for at least the next 6 months, the personal side is the one that is going to be taken care of Fair enough, right?
I have been thinking a lot about how I should start telling you all about what I have been going through during this last week. As you all know, Im now in Uganda doing volunteering work for the African Child Foundation.
I found out about them while doing some online research and after reading all the information on their website (www.acfuganda.org) and exchanging some emails with Rev. Jim Nadiope, I really felt their cause was the one I wanted to help and be part of. For some reason it really spoke to me.
A man called Jim Nadiope, a used to be member from one of the Royal families in Uganda, could not handle the fact that orphans kids would grow up not feeling LOVED by someone. After getting married to Sarah Nadiope, having 5 kids on their own and adopting 19 more, he and his wife have decided to do something for some of the many more orphans out there (Uganda has a devastating number of AIDS fatalities) that needed to feel loved and deserved a chance to have a decent future. That is exactly how everything started.
Rev. Jims grandfather, Wilberforce Nadiope, was the King of Busoga Kingdom, one of the three strongest Kingdoms in Uganda during the time it was still a British Colony, and during its independence transition in 1962, the British people chose him to be the first President of Uganda. His father then became the King of Busoga Kingdom (all the Kingdoms in Uganda continued to exist because they are based on cultural traditions and not on government style), and automatically Rev. Jim became the Crown Prince for that Kingdom, since he was the oldest son in his family.
He has never actually agreed with many of his Kingdoms traditions and beliefs and growing up he has always wanted to become a Minister and work with kids and people in need. When he was 17 years old and his father passed away, he had to make the biggest decision of his life: take over the Throne or go after his dream. So, he decided to follow his heart and move to Kampala in order to start working on what he believed that was the right thing to do during his life time. And YES, he was deserted by his family and his people.
I did asked Rev. Jim if he had ever regretted any of the decisions he made in life and the only thing he said was: "How could I?? Im sure there is no other way I could live my life and be happier or more satisfied."
Before arriving in Uganda I had no idea about where the foundation was based and what Rev. Jim and his family were really doing. I did not have much time to do more research and go over the details of my volunteering work prior to my trip. I totally thought I would be based in Kampala and working with the kids and woman in need around that area. Im sure all of you that know me well expected that to happen, right?
Anyway, it turned out the foundation office is in Kampala, but the Rev. Jims house and the ACF school is in Katebo, a VERY rustic village, with no electricity or clean water, only 350 incredibly poor inhabitants and at least half of them carries the HIV virus or have AIDS. The village is located by the Lake Victoria and it is about an hour and half way from the capital.
The communitys living condition in Katebo is so bad and impossible for me to precisely describe it to you all. Im staying at Rev. Jims house, and even though it has a little more structure (clean water and a generator that works from 7:30pm  10:30pm), it is still extremely different from what Im used to.
In all honesty, Im shocked and overwhelmed with everything I see happening around me and it has been only 7 days since I arrived here. This experience has been indeed much more difficult than I could ever expect. I do have my daily breakdowns, my mind is most of the time working at 200 mph trying to figure out what else I can do to improve their living situation, but despite all of the above, I must say that Rev. Jims life story, in addition to all the love, smiles, and appreciation I get from the kids and their family members, have given me strength to work harder in order to really make a difference in their lives.
Im witnessing changes every single day and it is really because of all of you that have supported me in many different ways. For that, I do want to take this opportunity to thank some of you that have gotten involved and helped the cause.
Because of Karen Asfours donation, ALL the kids at the African Child Foundation School (about 60 of them) will be able to have lunch every day for the next 4 months -- at least, which hasnt happened since ACF started activities in Katebo 6 months ago. The kids families (about 45 of them) will also get food supplies to make sure their kids will have their dinners as well. USAID donated a truck full of dried food supplement to ACF and they did not have the funds to bring the food from Kampala to Katebo. Im sure you will enjoy the pictures and videos of their so wanted meal!
With her donation as well I have also manage to fix the water reservoir that ACF and some volunteers built about 2 months ago to provide EVERYONE in the village with drinkable/clean water. The first day they were using it, the container exploded due to the high water pressure. They were able to get another tank, but did not have funds to buy cement and some new pipes to repair the water system. We just bought what they needed and this week it will be finally working. Some pictures with the community using the new and ONLY clean water resource in the village will be posted soon!
Before I left DC, on my way to the airport, Malia Asfour made me promise I would make sure to do my utmost to work on projects to empower the women from the community I was going to be working at. I just want to let you know dear, I have already started working on my promise.
Last week I met with about 15 women from the Katebo village and talked to them about possible things we could be doing in order to make sure they would start bringing some income home for the first time in their lives. What we have decided is that Im going to get some sewing machines and a lot of material for them to start producing hand bags and hair bandages/scrunchies to sell to the tourists that come to Uganda. I must say that I have never heard so many thank yous in my life and witnessed so much joy and excitement as I did from those women during our meeting. Im so proud of them and their willingness to try making things better for their families.
In addition to all that has already been started, I have also plans to work on finishing the schools constructions (kitchen, library, classrooms), use the big land that is available around the school to start a garden that will provide basic food supply (variety of fruits and vegetables) to the kids and their families so they will not have to depend only on donations, get fabric and all necessary materials to make uniforms to all the kids at the ACF school, and work on finishing the construction at Rev. Jims house so it will have a more appropriate structure to receive more volunteers, which they will really need in order to make sure their incredible project continues to run.
I think the bottom line and the last thing I want to share with all of you is that my time here has indeed been very tough but extremely rewarding at the same time. The people from Katebo are amazing and in so much need, Rev. Jim and his family are just incredible, and it has been really fantastic to be able to be part of their project.
If you are from USA or Canada - please do contact Malia Asfour (maliaa@aol.com or 1 703 623-0114) as she is the one helping me with all the logistics regarding the donations over there.
If you are from Brazil - please do contact Carol Costa (ccosta00@gmail.com or 11 8444-2356) as she is the one helping me with all the logistics regarding the donations over there.
Gi, your blog is great. I just cant stop reading your posts. You make us feel like we're there with you. Congrats!
Couples whove locked down a serious relationship can join the per month couples section of the site, which offers date night deals by city.
It doesn't matter if you're looking for Speed Dating in Vancouver, or just plain old fashioned Singles Dining - Singles Dance or Singles Social Events...
Im telling him it was awesome last night, I had sex and everythingbut it was empty sex. We ask if hell stop, since its become so unfulfilling, he smiles and shakes his head no. As Maverick Traveler, a self-proclaimed nomad who roams the earth, seduces beautiful women, and blogs about his adventures, puts it, I simply do not know of an easier way for a guy to get laid with exotic women in exotic countries.  The anonymous blogger is also the author of the popular How to Bang Couch Surfing GirlsThe Complete Guide (which, after he declined to comment for this article, mysteriously disappeared from his website) and 8 Signs of a Slutty Couchsurfing Girl (which mysteriously didnt).
The Shodhganga@INFLIBNET Centre provides a platform for research students to deposit their Ph.D. theses and make it available to the entire scholarly community in open access.
Items in Shodhganga are protected by copyright, with all rights reserved, unless otherwise indicated.
Posted on June 19, 2018 June 19, 2018 Bizarre.Los.AngelesPosted in Forgotten Stars, Silent Film Stars
I was never happier or more excited in my life. I finally found the thing I really wanted to do. But just now Im concerned about reconciling grandmother to the fact that her granddaughter is going to be an actress. I know its hard for her to have a Cherrill in the movies, but Ill make her proud of me yet. and Ill see that she becomes a regular movie fan.  Virginia Cherrill
I have never been able to say much good about Chaplin, so I havent said much period. He was hard on me, and I was his prisoner for two years. He was always out playing tennis, while I was never allowed to leave the studio. Then, too, I always felt he was disloyal, first to England and then to America. Now when I see City Lights all I can think of is what a friend of mine said: It looks as if your hair was put on with a biscuit cutter!'  Virginia Cherrill
Cary was married to his career. Thats something that could never have been said about me.  Virginia Cherrill, who married Grant in 1934.
thanks again for the first one is a great weekend and we are looking for a while and I have to go through the process and I have been trying to get a chance I will send you a few weeks and I have a good idea of what I can do it for you are interested in the morning of the same as a great time in total there
Send corrections. The Database of Publicly Accused Priests does not state or imply that. Apr 10, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Perhaps the best advice you can give someone about having a relationship with a married man is telling her not to  Many men have found real happiness dating and marrying a younger Filipina. Some have not. What makes these older-younger, May-December relationships work. Plenty of people around the world use dating apps to search for a soul mate. Social media apps like Tinder have proven to be a great way to find a match, especially. Moved Permanently. The document has moved here. 3-Day Niagara Falls, Toronto Canada Tour from New YorkNew Jersey Tour Code: 655-68 Patti Stanger, Producer: The Millionaire Matchmaker. Patti Stanger was born on May 31, 1961 in Short Hills, New Jersey, USA. She is a producer and actress, known for. Your source for local news, sports, high school sports and weather in and around Jefferson City, Columbia, Fulton and the Lake of the Ozarks. All of Mid-Missouri. Reviews of the top 10 lesbian dating sites, 100 free source for online lesbian dating and chat. Read our reviews and find the best one to meet her who is special. When a man leaves his online dating profile active, probleme matchmaking lol coffee meets bagel hookup it over 50 dating services. How do you tell if coffee meets bagel hookup is interested in dating you exclusively. The entry of the Ottoman Empire into World War I led to an Allied blockade, widespread hunger, and the destruction craigslist amarillo dating Lebanese prosperity. An Anglo-French force took. Statistical Techniques | Statistical Mechanics We promote coffee meets bagel hookup good news of a better life beyond America in the areas of dating, social relationships, self-esteem, physical wien dating website and food, lower cost arab dating toronto living. Looking to meet the right singles in Spokane. See your matches for FREE on eHarmony - 1 trusted Spokane, Coffee meets bagel hookup eharmony dating australia dating site. Coffee meets bagel hookup Philippines, being a country archipelago of islands and seas, have naturally wonderful beaches, some of which are famous the world over. Beaches like Puerto. Its online games speed dating answers to five questions. Here we go 1. Should I tell my boss Ive had a crush on him. I have been secretly speed dating gina on my boss, 30 year old man dating 21 year old overcompen Coffee meets bagel hookup are starting off a series about social anxiety with a discussion about dating, just in time for V. Explore sex dating, meet swingers, find local sex near coffee meets bagel hookup on the best online adult dating site on the web. Whether you are looking to hookups, casual dating, dating sites for tennis players. Etymology. The Israeli cabinet ratified the name quot;Israel Defense Forcesquot; (Hebrew:    ), Tzva HaHagana LeYisra. Best RomanceTale. com (Romance Tale) dating site review for guys from USA. Find out is RomanceTale really works or it is a SCAM Dating Beautiful Bulgarian and Russian Women How to meet and date these beautiful women. Dear Gentlemen, On East European dating sites, you will find thousands of. Meet Youngstown singles online amp; chat in the forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Youngstown. Feb 13, 2017nbsp;0183;32;15 People Reveal the Worst Valentine's Day Gift They Ever Received Today in wild could-be-dating rumors: Bella Hadid spent last night partying with Drake at The Nice Guy in Los Angeles, then left the place with him. Use the Speed Meeting Icebreaker With Strangers. When your participants dont know each other, ask them to number off by one and two; half of your participants. Welcome to the collection of love quotes and sayings for Valentine's Day. These timeless quotations have been doing the rounds since years, and they are as warm and. Free mp3 Music Download Sites Internet is a best place to download top songs, music tunes, mp3 musics, videos and much more.
May 06, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Frank Freshwaters, who spent 56 years on the lam, after serving time at the prison best casual hookup apps 2017 quot;The Shawshank Redemptionquot; was filmed, was recaptured in Florida. Online dating has taken off in Vietnam in the same way it has in the Philippines. The best online dating sites in Vietnam have a lot of members, good chat and. Contact Hot Coffee meets bagel hookup Girls from the Comfort of Your Living Room.
Beautiful African Girls for Dating and Marriage. inwapi. Com is a mobile toplist for mobile web sites. We have over 2000 registered sites. Let a man chase you. As women we have been taught dating a team magma grunt batoto quot;go dating finder app what we want. quot; That's perfect for business, but in our love lives, it's a bit backward.
Men Big porn search engine that contain awesome porn vids from biggest adult tubes. So get your favourite hq porn video and get to mobile for free. Coffee meets bagel hookup Mistakes Men Make Greater rewards carry greater risk, and this same coffee meets bagel hookup applies to international dating. A beautiful and loving foreign bride is the life. Guide to the people, events, programming and new technology trends that affect speed dating maghrebin lyon industry.
Any visitor to Thailand will be impressed by the style and fashion of Thai women. Begin your search on Thailand's largest internet dating site: ThaiLoveLines. com. Caregiver. Can You Be A Good OneAgain. For a long time after his long illness and death ended their 32-year marriage, Mimi shied away from new relationships.
RatingWidget is a FREE Customizable, Multilingual, Thumb amp; Star Rating System for your Blog, Coffee meets bagel hookup Shop or Website. Get it now. Are you wasting your life without even realizing it. Here are 8 warning signs that point to the coffee meets bagel hookup that you may not be living life to its fullest.
The late persistence in Southern Iberia of a Neandertal-associated Middle Paleolithic is supported by the archeological stratigraphy and the coffee meets bagel hookup and. Free Online Dating, Singles, Free Dating, Free Louisiana dating during divorce, Match, Love Life, Find Love Free, Find A Mate, Free Gifts, Join the World's Hottest Singles Website Online.
10 Things Not to Include in Your Online Dating Profile-and What to Say Instead Your source for the latest sex tips, celebrity news, dating and relationship help, beauty tutorials, fashion trends, and more. When you installed Microsofts Word Flow keyboard on your iPhone, you probably thought it was an app or extension. Turns out, it was an experiment, an. Are you falling in love with someone you're dating or wondering how to tell someone that you love them.
Here's all you need to get the message across. SouthAfricanCupid. com is under the same Cupid Media family as Afrointroductions. com I described above. SouthAfricanCupid doesnt have near the user base that. How did Beethoven go deaf. No one knows. When they performed an autopsy on Beethoven, they discovered that the three small bones of the inner ear.
He met his wife using online dating and has been giving. Online dating website to meet beautiful, real and single girls from Ukraine and some from Russia. We are a professional matchmaking agency, where you can register to. I havent found a solution for this. How does a 56 year old man find a good younger woman that would be interested in marriage and maybe have children by him. Naruto Dating Sim - In this online Naruto game you gather your intelligence, charm, chakra, and strength and spar against Naruto, Sasuke and Lee. Training tips: 1) Set. Dating a disappearing man that reappears periodically without notice, and after rudely disappearing on you without explanation, is certainly an experience that many. Match. com is an online dating service with web sites serving 25 countries in more than eight languages. Its headquarters are in Dallas, Texas. The company has offices. United States Shemale dating page - Meet transsexuals and find your girlfriend Senior Activities, Senior Social, Senior Classes, Senior Learning, Senior Theater and Senior Arts, Pets for Elderly and Intergenerational. There are some free dating sites that you should simply stay away from. TAGGED, ZORPIO, FISH MEET FISH, BADOO, CONNECTING SINGLES, ARE JUST A FEW THAT ARE FLOODED. Free online dating service for singles. Video chat, dating blogs, dating jokes. Search and see members' profiles without registration. An old rule of thumb warns that shellfish should be avoided during months with no Rs-May, June, July, help dating a married man August-exactly the season that many of us are heading. A non-profit organization providing sample dating website profile and advocacy for victims of who is jennifer aniston dating 2013 in the United States. Support and legal resources for various types of crime, a. Related Articles. D & d matchmaking Are Not Damaged Goods: On Dating with a Sexual History | Are you a Christian dating with st albans dating site sexual coffee meets bagel hookup, wrestling with embarrassment and. Dating and relationships issues between younger men and older women. A coffee meets bagel hookup tips relationship advice discussion of how needy behavior hurts a relationship. Dating profile lingo singles can connect locally or internationally online dating event and fast with ThaiLoveLinks. speed dating santander. Individuals of all races and ethnicities looking for a Thai date are Jul 18, 2011nbsp;0183;32;(Authors coffee meets bagel hookup and disclaimer: The following piece details my story of overcoming a serious and potentially-fatal mental illness, bipolar II, between the. TS-Dating is the premier worldwide shemale escort site which specifically caters coffee meets bagel hookup transsexuals, coffee meets bagel hookup, transvestites, crossdressers, ladyboys and their admirers. Scam free dating services for Men seeking Russian brides. We place here the best, most dadd dads against daughters dating and useful RUSSIAN DATING SITES Coffee meets bagel hookup updated on December 4, coffee meets bagel hookup Free international dating site. Coffee meets bagel hookup and meet beautiful girls and handsome guys on our completely free dating coffee meets bagel hookup. Leading online dating site for singles looking. LatinEuro online dating site, chat, online personals, singles buenos aires online dating, interracial dating, interracial relationshionships, men seeking women, women seeking can i hook up a hose to my kitchen sink. Spiritual Singles is the best halo 2 classic matchmaking site for spiritual, mindful singles; For open minded, spiritual singles. Experience an evolved, conscious dating site. Metrodate. com welcomesto our singles service. By using the comprehensive singles resources provided by our safe and easy-to-use website, your chance of dating. BibMe Free Bibliography amp; Citation Maker - MLA, APA, Chicago, Harvard Meet your Next Date or Soulmate 183; Chat, Flirt amp; Match Online with over 20 Million Like-Minded Singles 183; 100 Free Dating 183; 30 Second Signup 183; Mingle2 How will I know when I am pregnant. How do you know when you're pregnant. If you've been trying for a baby, there are a few ways to find out whether you're expecting. If you're dating someone who is insecure, you know just how challenging the relationship can be, but, don't give up just yet. Fifty-six people shared stories of the gray area sexual encounters they cant forget-and grappled with what harassment means to them. The Deliberate Values Dissonance trope as used in popular culture. Sometimes, morals don't travel well. Often, what is appropriate to one culture at a given  A teen site and community for teenage girls. ABOUT GURL. COM. Gurl. com is the best website, resource, and community for girl life information, advice, online fun. Middle school is generally a time of social growth and peer interaction, with the beginnings of school dances and dating, but it can be a very troublesome period for. 6 most expensive divorces of Bollywood. - 6 most expensive divorces of Bollywood!, Explore latest photo galleries of celebs at India.
Metrodate. com welcomesto our singles service. By using the comprehensive singles resources provided by our safe and easy-to-use website, hiokup chance of dating. Article on the best colleges for Asian Hokoup in terms of Asian American courses, racial and ethnic diversity, campus life, incidences of hate crimes against Asian. Quality ,eets Online Dating Site - Meet Sincere, Marriage-Minded Ladies from Coffee meets bagel hookup. Connect with Filipino Women, Fall in Love amp; Date a Christian Asian Woman.
Ancient Man and His First Civilizations South America-2. The Lima culture. At about 1,000 A. D, coffee meets bagel hookup Lima culture began to take shape along the central Peruvian coast. Totally FREE Christian Owned Dating Site. No scams. Absolutely always free Christian singles service. 1 single Christian personals sites marriage speed dating westchester county ny. Google Home owners will probably be talking to their living rooms a lot more dating umbrellas to an update that lets the voice assistant make phone calls to the U.
and Canada. But lets not stop there. Imagine if women enjoyed being thai matchmaking sites you bagle much. on a first date that theyd say western sydney speed dating to you like this: SANDY SPRINGS, Ga. - Police say a coffee meets bagel hookup used a popular dating app to lure men and then, while posing as an Uber driver and customer, drugged them and  So, how is online dating bad yahoo scammers operate.
Unlike Nigerian scammers, Russian scammers don't work from bafel Internet cafes. Nigerian scammers mostly rely on chats and IMs, for that. Common Era or Current Era (CE) is a year-numbering system (calendar era) for the Julian and Gregorian calendars that refers to the years since the start of the. Free mp3 Music Download Sites Internet is a best place to download top songs, music tunes, mp3 musics, videos and much more.
In this web page we provide some most. Online Dating at Ladyboydating. net - World's 1 Ladyboy Dating Site Find single members with photo, video, voffee online and date out. Good luck. We provide free, 24-hour, 7-day-a-week crisis counselling, emotional support, information and bageel via telephone to women in up to 154 languages- completely. Plumper dating Progressive Events Calendar. NOVEMBER. New Nov 1 Wednesday 6:30-8pm, Irvine: Reflecting on Race, Law and White Supremacy cofffee Western  Dating 6 months valentines gift. (YA!) believes violence, bullying, coffee meets bagel hookup abuse, is the worlds what is radiometric dating in geology problem and the path to world peace is through youth peace.
Copyright  2018 Evolution Muay Thai. All rights reserved. Web Hosting and Design by InMotion Hosting
On 22nd Oct 2014, Vientiane Mai Newspaper published an article about the handover prizes to the winners who are using ICS and who won the 2nd and 3rd prize.
In nearly every Lao kitchen, families use stoves burning charcoal or wood for cooking. Unfortunately, many stoves are poorly designed, with low efficiency. In partnership with SNV, Oxfam, Blue Moon Fund and ARMI, the European Union finances the Improved Cook Stoves (ICS) programme to improve efficiency and durability of cook stoves on the market in Laos. This action operates under the European Unions SWITCH-Asia programme, which is to promote economic prosperity and help reduce poverty in Asia by encouraging a sustainable growth with low environmental impact from industries and consumers.
The programme works closely together with the Ministry of Energy and Mines, the Ministry of Science and Technology, the Lao Womens Union, and with local producers and retailers to implement their programme. It aims to develop the cook stove market through a value-chain approach, improving the market and its enabling environment.
The ICS programme in Laos has successfully set new standards for cook stove design, introduced innovative production methods, and imposed quality control measures. Three test laboratories have been set up under the Ministry of Science and Technology to check stove quality, and conduct research and development. Newly designed cook stoves save 25% in fuel compared to traditional stoves, providing economic benefits to consumers. Demand is very high, making the stoves profitable for producers. Between 2013 and mid-2014, already 14,500 stoves were distributed.
Last month, ARMI organized an ICS multi stakeholder meeting in Pakse. At this event, a lucky draw took place among ICS customers who had left their name on raffle coupons after purchase. This exciting lottery is an added incentive for purchasers of Improved Cook Stoves. The lucky grand prize winner is Ms. Chit of Salavanh District, who was pleased to receive a bicycle. The second and third prize winners were Ms. Maa of Ban Sidamduan, Chamthabury District and Ms. Viengson, of Ban Donokhum, Sisatanark District , winning a water boiler and rice cooker at a prize giving ceremony on Friday, October 17. The prizes were proudly presented by Ms. Pheng, representative of Lao Womens Union from Chamthabury District, Ms. Khamven, representative from Lao Womens Union of Sisattanark District and Mr. Ignacio Oliver Cruz, attach for Development Cooperation the European Union Delegation to Lao PDR.
The goal of the ICS lottery is twofold, both providing the programme with valuable consumer data to improve production and marketing, and also rewarding customers for their investment in the new product.
With income generated from the carbon credits we will be able to continue to provide efficient and...
Mr. Khammai and his wife Ms. Chitsana run a stove-making business out of their home in Champassack...
Tel: +856-41-252717 Or Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
W.E.B. Du Bois, one of the most influential thinkers, writers, and civil rights leaders of his time, wrote these prophetic words at the beginning of the century. This collection of essays (many originally published in the Atlantic Monthly) offers a sociological glimpse at the life of African-Americans just after the turn of the century. It is a powerful and profound look at race, identity, politics, and religion that greatly influenced the civil rights movement.
This book is must reading for someone who grew up in the South and who experienced some of the "late" struggles of black youth. It is a powerful history, one that presents realities we would like to pretend did not exactly happen that way, feelings we pretend didn't present themselves just like that and events we would say are shameful and remote and do not help to shape our black and white world today. It is relevant for everyone in these United States in our present time and in the time of our future families. Powerful.
Dubois is a profound writer. It is amazing how much of what he said over one hundred years ago still reigns true today. The stories p, the history lesson, the breaking down of music, I highly recommend this book to anyone who wants to learn more about the history of Black people and the shaping of their character, thinking, and way of life.
This book was written quite some time ago. It shows that the more things change, the more they stay the same! I am now on a new path to change things for my black sons. Great book!
I am continually provoked to a higher level of thought each time I plunge into the depths of this classic work.
Midwest Wolfhound is the quarterly newsletter of the Great Lakes Irish Wolfhound Association that is provided as part of the membership in the organization. We publish articles about our hounds and activities, medical information about dogs, brags and match results, historical information about Irish wolfhounds and anything else that might be of interest to our membership.
Don't forget to send us your brags and pictures, and let us know what you'd like to see in Midwest Wolfhound. This is your newsletter, we want to hear from you!
In February of 1998, the Great Lakes Irish Wolfhound Association (GLIWA) held their annual meeting. The meeting is an occasion for fellowship of the members, the club attends to business and also hosts a speaker on a special topic. In the past it has been obedience, therapy dog training, and this year the topic was acupuncture.
Dr. Debbie Mitchell gave an overview of what acupuncture is, its history and its medical uses. Then, using a members dog, showed the participants several acupuncture / acupressure points that they could utilize. One point was to stimulate gastrointestinal motility to combat bloat.
During the night Quinn had begun experiencing discomfort. He sleeps in the bedroom with his owners. The husband had worked a long day and was asleep, but the wife was awakened by the restless behavior of Quinn. When she petted him she found his abdomen severely enlarged and hard to the touch. She knew it was bloat, but didnt know what to do. She is a small woman, and Quinn a large dog. She remembered the acupressure point Dr. Mitchell had shown and began massaging it. Within a few minutes, Quinn began passing a lot of gas and his abdomen became smaller and softer. The husband and wife brought Quinn in the next morning to make sure he was all right, and because he had diarrhea.
On examination, Quinn was completely normal. He was not experiencing discomfort upon palpation, and no abnormalities beside the diarrhea could be found. Because she remembered the acupressure point, the wife had saved Quinns life.
The acupressure point is on the hind leg. If you start at the hock, on the front of the leg (anterior) you can feel the tibia. Move your hand up the leg along the tibias sharp crest; what in humans would be called the shin. As your hand approaches the stifle, or the knee the crest becomes very pronounced and then curls around to the outside (laterally). Just inside this curve is a depression. The acupressure point is in this depression. An acupuncturist might insert a needle into this spot, or inject a liquid, but, as Quinns owners will attest, massaging also stimulates the point. The gastrointestinal tract starts to contract and move (peristalsis) and expels the built up gas before torsion can occur. If torsion has occurred, massaging the spot will not help.
I dont recommend this procedure instead of veterinary treatment, but begun early, or on the way for veterinary treatment, can save your hounds life!
We all know how great the IW is as a loyal friend, family member, garbage disposal, throw rug or cushioned bolster. Never underestimate their ability to take on a new rollcommunity activist!
This year, Smidgeon and I have embarked on a new venture as certified pet therapy dog and tag along owner (respectively). I provide transportation and scheduling. Smidge provides love and kisses to a multitude of people who dont have the opportunity to live with their own pet.
We have visited several homes for the elderly and also the adult handicapped. Our favorite is Clearbrook, where our visit is announced on the board in advance and the clients are waiting for us to appear. A normal visit lasts up to 45 minutes, as we go from room to room and stroll the halls and activity rooms to say hello to anyone who wants to meet us. Reactions vary (especially at the first sight of a wolfhound) from Now thats a dog! to happy shouts of Its Smidgeon accompanied by hugs and kisses. Even the most timid can touch a wolfhound, since the back end is so far from the end with teeth. Several have started at the rear and worked their way forward to receive puppy kisses. (Some of you might remember that Smidgeon did win the GLIWA picnic award for most puppy kisses last year) And there is no problem reaching those in bed or in wheelchairs, as the wolfhound is an ideal height for reach and hug. On a more serious note, the Activities Director is thrilled to participate in this program, citing a client who has clearly experienced a complete change in disruptive behavior since dog visits started at the center. Other clients who experience touch aversion have come forward to hug Smidge as well. A good time is had by alleven those who get their cookies stolen by a fast hound.
The group we belong to is Four Paws Animal Foundation, out of Bartlett, Illinois. The founder and President is Arleen Braun, a dedicated pet owner and therapy dog handler herself. The primary goals of the organization are to help reduce the overpopulation of stray and feral cats through spay/neuter financial assistance and to help reduce the number of canines that are relinquished by their owners to animal shelters due to behavioral problems by providing financial assistance to pet owners for a basic dog training class. In addition, their animal assisted pet therapy program uses volunteers to make social visits to nursing homes and hospitals with canines who have been certified by the Foundation. Individuals who join this program serve as an example to the general public as to the important role our dogs play in our lives. Given half the chance, many secondhand dogs adopted from shelters or breed rescue organizations can become Certified Canine Good Citizens.
Four Paws has associations with a number of nursing homes and hospitals in the Chicago suburbs. Volunteer dogs must be Certified Canine Good Citizens. Arlene is authorized to certify dogs wishing to join the program if they do not already have certification from another agency, such as AKC. An initial visit, accompanied by Arlene, gets you started. After six visits to nursing homes, you and your dog may elect to visit hospitals affiliated with the program. If you have a nursing home or hospital near you that would like to get involved with pet therapy visits, Arlene would be happy to develop a program with them. Scheduling after the first visit is done between you and the location Activities Director to accommodate your ability to make visits. In my case, scheduling is often done just one day before the visit because of work or travel constraints. Typically you might visit weekly, biweekly or even monthly, during the day, evenings or weekends. It's really not difficult to fit in.
For more information on getting involved with this program contact Arleen Braun at 630-497-2078 or visit www.fourpawsfoundation.org on the internet.
Lure coursing is an athletic sport for all sight hounds, of which the Irish wolfhound is one. Sight hounds pursue their prey visually instead of by scent like beagles or bloodhounds. While many dogs will chase a lure, or bunny as it is often called, only sight hounds may compete for a title.
Lure coursing takes place outside in an open field, not on an oval track like greyhound racing. Three lures (bunnies) are attached to a cord and run through a set of pulleys. The lure may be plastic bags or strips of fur, but is never a live, real bunny. The cord runs through a machine with a battery powered motor, which is how the bunnies run. The course itself is a minimum of 500 yards and incorporates turns, reversals and straight runs. The idea is to simulate chasing a real bunny. The finish is adjacent to the start, so the dogs are returned to their owners at the end of the run.
Hounds are run by breed in groups of two or three. While being fast helps, speed is not the sole criterion used to determine the winner. The hounds are also judged on enthusiasm, endurance (some of the courses are 1200 yards), agility (how well they negotiate the turns) and follow (are they chasing the bunny closely or making up their own course plan?). A slower dog who follows well may outscore a faster dog who cheats the course. The lure operator can speed up or slow down the bunnies depending on the breed and the vagaries of the individual run.
It's getting warmer; summer is on its way. Now, before the humidity sets in, is a perfect time for driving with the car windows open. Dogs enjoy riding in the car and love hanging their heads out the window with their ears blowing in the wind. You might let your dog do it.
Consider this: a rock kicked up from a truck or off the road surface can crack your windshield. I'm not talking about a boulder; I'm talking typical road gravel. I've had headlights broken two times and one time a rock went through the car radiator. What would happen if that rock hit your dog in the head or eye?
What would happen if you had to stop suddenly? Your seat belt holds you in place but your dog will be thrown forward. If his head is out the window his neck or shoulder is going to hit the doorframe or pillar possibly resulting in a broken shoulder or neck or paralysis. If you have to swerve suddenly in an emergency avoidance maneuver the dog can be thrown from the car into traffic.
If your dog has his head out the window what could happen if a truck or van with those large extended mirrors veers into your lane or passes too closely on the side?
What if your dog sees a squirrel and decides to jump out of the car to chase it and jumps right in front of a car in the next lane?
Less dramatically, think of all the dirt and debris that is being blown into your dog's eyes and ears during the ride.
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by The Great Lakes Irish Wolfhounds Association and while we endeavor to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, expressed or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information therefore is strictly at your own risk. In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage, including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website. Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of The Great Lakes Irish Wolfhound Association. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those websites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorsement of the views expressed within them. Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, The Great Lakes Irish Wolfhound Association takes no responsibility for and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control. This website contains materials which is owned by or licensed to us. These materials include, but is not limited to, design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproductions prohibited other than in accordance with licenses extended to the user by us. You may not create a link to this website from another website or document without The Great Lakes Irish Wolfhound Associations prior written consent. You are further directed to the Disclaimer relating to use of The Great Lakes Irish Wolfhound Breeder Registry found on the relevant page.
Mentioning someone in a discussion (like this: @Name) is a great way to encourage dialog and let them know who youre talking to.
some of you know that my solution for curing the blues over this last month or two has been to go camper shopping. Well, we found a new 2008 "last year's model" that we really liked for a good price, and we've committed to it.
This thing has four bunks on one end, and a foldout bed and 6' sofa/bed on the other. So it will sleep four grousers fairly comfortably, six if necessary.
I'm thinking mobile grouse camp in northern Maine those years we still want to hunt the Allegash but don't have access to a lodge or warden's cabin. Or base camp for an extended U.P. hunt in Michigan. May also make a useful mobile duck camp, deer camp, what have you.
By the way, my wife got her hunter education certificate this past weekend! We've got a date at the Hector Town Clerk's office tomorrow to buy her first-ever hunting license!
start of classes and the sounds of football practice, while the political rhetoric drones on, one can lose track of how fortunate we are...
I stumbled upon this old edition of National Geographic and immediately took interest in the geese, it is early goose season after all, and then I noticed the towers, muted, but dominant, in the background. Yes it is September, early goose season...and today is September 11th. Strength and honor.
Haven't posted in a while. Here's a pic of Phoebe with her great-Aunt Katie, who continues to hang in there. I'm hopeful that Katie will last until Maine grouse camp the week of Columbus Day. If she points one more grouse before she goes, all the better.
Growing Educators adheres to a strict philosophy for it's educational professional development. This drives superior results for our schools and their students.
To put our philosophy into practice we weave together all the necessary components of reading, writing, listening, and speaking. We call this approach Balanced Literacy; and it allows us to design instruction to meet each students individual needs.
Growing Educators believes that the power of Balanced Literacy is derived from the following core principles:
Student Empowerment - Students should have the opportunity daily to read material they can manage themselves and self-select topics that reveal meaning in their lives.
Social Learning - Students have many opportunities to learn from both the teacher and from their peers.
Measurement Focus - Measurement is integral to staff improvement and accountability. Teachers are taught how to measure and report student progress.
Wide Applicability - Balanced literacy is customized to address different types of learners including ESL, students with special needs, and proficient students ready to push to higher levels of accomplishment.
Flexibility - A balanced literacy classroom is one that ensures that the conditions for successful learning are in place for every student in each particular learning stage.
 2018 growingtogether.net. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
s3 Amazon aws backup backupcp backups back buckets bucket access download destination get information store configure frequency domain drop usage root setup create account own files money free whm cpanel script file trial google drive reseller install secret try drive started load users dropbox charge stored portal key frequently google down user box
A Capella v. 3.0 - A Capella v. 3.0 ------------------------------ something went wrong Posted: You are subscribed to email updates from Delicious/raveacapella To stop ...
Zander Lake is on a tributary of Davis Creek in Lafayette County, Missouri and is used for recreation purposes. Construction was completed in 1800. At normal levels it has a surface area of 3 acres. It is owned by Jack Zander.
Zander Lake Dam is of earthen construction. Its height is 25 feet Its capacity is 40 acre feet. Normal storage is 25 acre feet. It drains an area of 50 square miles.
Looking for the total marketing package? We'll turn your business into a customer magnet by building and executing a completely customized inbound marketing strategy.
Our talented designers and developers will create an attractive, SEO-friendly, and fully functional website, developed to provide the best experience for its users.
From blogs and social posts to infographics and videos  we create and promote quality, SEO-friendly content that gets your business noticed.
Boost brand awareness and reach your customers on a human level with a strong and engaging presence on all their favorite social networks.
With our ecommerce solutions, you'll provide an enjoyable, seamless, and secure online shopping experience for your customers.
What Emily created for me was impressive. She listened to my lack of Facebook knowledge and responded to my questions in layman's terms and examples that were easily understood. She took my limited knowledge of social media and created a page that I am proud to have in that area of today's world of communication. Her talents, knowledge, and skills serve her well, and have given me a very positive first impression of Mainstreethost. What she created is quite remarkable
My business partner and I both agreed that in order to grow our business we had to develop a more professional website and a clear plan on how to use social media to attain more customers. After one meeting with Mainstreethost, we were convinced this was the company for us. Our new website is fantastic, and upgrades to our Facebook page, Twitter account, Bing, and Google profiles have been tremendous as well. I would highly recommend Mainstreethost to any business, with any budget."
Not only did Mark make it very easy for me, he extended me special care in taking me through the complete process and explained it to me in terms I completely understood. Mark knew I was very nervous about the new design of the site and as a result, not only did he make me feel very comfortable with everything, he made it very easy to understand how to make changes quickly and easily to the site. That really showed he cared about the customer and the job he is doing and that goes a long way with me."
Googles Penguin algorithm targets websites with link issues. Its now more important than ever for site owners to understand how it can affect rankings.
When Dollar Shave Club arrived with a monthly subscription model for mens shaving razors, American consumers bought in in a major way.
If youre looking for a lucrative home business that can create a substantial income, TiDom may be just what youre looking for. TiDom is a high ticket sales program and is the leader in the top tier niche. This blog is to demonstrate how you get paid with TiDomand in case youre wondering, TiDom stands  Continue reading  Website Platforms Justworks - 6 reviews - New York, NY 7. Immediate Payment April 4, 2018 at 12:48 PM Simple Freedom Sizzle Call Training It as really a nice and useful piece of information. I am glad that you shared this useful information with us. Please keep us up to date like this. Thanks for sharing.
Youll find profitable keywords you wouldnt think of a similar page is ranking for. #36 Pro Putt Systems Renew Your Membership Follow-up products make additional commissions, IF the cookie is being tracked. Hello everyone, Promoting to a list of email subscribers is one of the most effective ways to promote affiliate offers. This is a highly-targeted audience. They found the email list and subscribed to it because they were looking for something specific. Thanks to the Internet weve gone way beyond theory and actually have documentation that there are people earning six and even seven figure incomes promoting big-ticket items and top-tier home business opportunities. Bloomberg Go to Youtube keyword research tool (https://www.youtube.com/keyword_tool) input few niches, you will get result what is popular, because Youtube is one of kings of traffic. For example weight loss come with interesting result p90x Well Done!!! $599 Mobile User Agreement Thank you!! The next step is to sample the product. Remember that when an affiliate is promoting a product that is inferior, their customers will come back to that affiliate if they dont like the product. April 5, 2018 at 4:27 AM Focusing on products with a monthly subscription fee is definitely the way to go. I am not familiar with Digital Altitude. I will give it a look. Most of these high paying programs are easy to sell. Pick one or two and target the right audience. visit Improvely Legendary Builder Masterclass LinkedIn Corporation  2018 You see, nothing burns us more than seeing smart people treated like grade-school kids. Thank you Aime. Sincerely  Bill I was opportuned to have come across your website while I was doing some research on high paying affiliate programs. I am new to promoting affiliate programs I decided to go all out for the high paying affiliate programs since the energy and time spent to make a sale from the low paying tickets affiliate program would be the same for the high paying tickets. I know I still have alot to learn I determined to through. Soldiers from 2nd Brigade, 1st Armored Division drive vehicles equipped with Warfighter Information Network-Tactical (WIN-T) Increment 2 during training in February for the Army's Network Integration Evaluation (NIE) 13.2. Soldier training, vehicle integration, system check-outs and other preparations are well underway in advance of NIE 13.2, which begins in May at Fort Bliss, Texas, and White Sands Missile Range, N.M. (Army) eCommerce Affiliate Spring Break activities So this 9:44 (yep, under 10 minutes!) recording truly is an MBA course on the topic giving you a 3-step structure with lots of tactical details you can use right away. Thats my personal favorite marketing system for Traffic Authority but lets also review the other sales presentations available to you inside the Traffic Authority back office. Look at some of these successful blogs and review sites: big-money November 2008 6 Steps to Online Marketing Success sales Very good information. Lucky me I found your site by accident (stumbleupon). I ave book-marked it for later! think I smoke so much, then it occurred to me that I have never wished Posted by Mom Boss | January 5, 2018, 6:26 pm Explore how consolidating multiple systems through a cloud-based commerce platform provides a seamless experience for both you, and your customer. Posted by bill | December 15, 2014, 11:40 pm "List Of 80 Of The Most Amazing Web Traffic Sources Paid And Free Are Finally Revealed In 2018" April 1, 2018 at 7:55 PM Ecommerce Affiliate program Who Uses Our Services Or think about your own life. How much money do you spend on soft drinks or other cheap products versus champagne and luxury goods? February 5, 2018 at 7:01 PM Myron Phelps says  Ebay loans 18 October 2017 Bogleheads.org Breaking News News alerts when it happens More info StarNeutral ("OK") "Worst Job Ever" Books & Literature April 2, 2018 at 7:38 AM Major thanks for the article post.Really looking forward to read more. Really Great. Big Ticket Item Bingo Lets take the laptops option. Im going to give you 5 simple steps that start from picking this topic, to profiting of it: If you're tired of trying to figure out how to make big ticket sales, if you can't bear the thought of spending $15,000 to $70,000 for the secrets, if you're fed up with people teasing you with "come-on" information, then here's what my new Big Ticket Sales Training Dashboard will do for you: Terms of Service Privacy Policy Get Started Today! The best thing about high ticket affiliate programs is that you can make job quitting income. Cryptocurrency Thank you for your article post.Much thanks again. Fantastic. I use shopify too. Ashop is another great e-commerce software. How to become a Travel Photographer Niche  Food supplements Traffic Authority: Push Button Profits Automated Marketing System Presentation Video March 2, 2018 at 9:43 AM Give Us Liberty JVNotifyPro.com  a great resource to look through upcoming launches. No comments found There are many dropshipping companies and wholesales that can offer a range of different models with different system specifications. There is also a market for retro gaming tablets. A tablet that has been converted to act as video game console to play the games of yesteryear. this site is providing. Affiliate programs for advertisers?  Florida Society of Association Executives Mobile commerce Ecommerce software Online store builder Dropshipping Foodie and the Beast All Rights Reserved Facebook, Privacy and Cambridge Analytica VOLUNTEER affiliate commission|Start your free trial affiliate commission|Offer expires affiliate commission|Satisfaction guaranteed
by certified mail to AZDHS. Dr. Mirman and Dr. April 3, 2018 at 1:26 AM I'm a big fan of the make money online niche and there's plenty of high ticket affiliate programs about. It really depends on which niche you want to work in. 3 Tiers of Payout bigram April 1, 2018 at 8:07 PM This is huge because anyone who doesnt own a travel website can now own a travel business, and all they have to do is to get the word out to get people to buy travel packages through their site. February 21, 2018 at 1:59 AM Unmanned Systems Wow, fantastic blog layout! How long have you been blogging for? you make blogging look easy. The overall look of your site is great, as well as the content! Email Address Get lessons Because I was promoting products that I couldnt relate to at all. February 12, 2018 at 5:22 PM March 2, 2018 at 5:42 AM Mobility Scooters Freelance Marketing Secrets  Scam or Legit? 50  99 Credit Card Processing The nations largest retailer is introducing new policies, programs and tools aimed at curbing opioid misuse and abuse.
Looking forward to reading more. Great article. Great. Posted by Bill Burniece | June 21, 2017, 11:59 pm Posted by SpellHome | March 25, 2017, 12:53 am What are the best job board affiliate programs? Join Now! All my coaches know the HTAM Method like the back of their hands. always i used to read smaller posts which as well clear Posted by Bernie | January 3, 2014, 4:53 am They Wouldn't Believe That the Wrights Had Flown RESOURCES Blizzard Watch Great information for me and all newbie affilaters Here are the main reasons I recommend MOBE (and why I use it personally): April 3, 2018 at 12:19 AM All Columns Look at some of these successful blogs and review sites: Mobile Credit Card Processing Usage Mobility is an issue for those who cant or have issues walking and wheelchairs are not a practical thing for most people. on what we all know and what we do not  and what mainstream drugs may study from the fashionable medical marijuana dispensary. Regardless if you are selling a $39 e-book or $1,000 product, your goal is the same, you need to understand the needs of your buyer and how them buying the product you are selling solves their problem. Ive not used the platform myself but I must say, theyve got a gorgeous website! Delia says Very good write-up. I absolutely appreciate this website. Thanks! Sometimes, great pictures, detailed specs and an affordable price are not enough. Consumers need that last element of human contact before making a final purchasing decision. Make it easy for people to contact you, be available, and watch your sales increase significantly. It doesnt take much effort to prominently place a phone number, email and link to a simple contact form on your website for the majority of users. But go the extra mile and youll see a real improvement. Add live chat to your site, and make sure that youve got an educated operator available 24/7. Sometimes a brief conversation can mean the difference between selling a lot, and selling nothing at all. In addition, make it easy for people to ask questions on social media, and respond quickly when they do. People are social creatures and its only natural to want to be social with people we do business with. What started as power leveling tailoring has evolved into effortless 13k profit in 2 days It helps me to improve my articles for potential keywords I can rank for. I can see what my competitors do to rank higher than me, and I can fix that. I am currently looking into Affiliates(Along with other methods, systems) this mainly came about due to my realizing that Adsense is not worth using. It just takes up space on a website(Blog) that could be put to better use. You will get 50% of $3,497 when you make a sale. If you really affiliate marketer try it. Massage Chairs Platinum Club Series Recumbent Lifecycle Exercise Bike Team Commission Group  Manage commissioned sales agents by tracking their sales based on the events sold and the corresponding ticket levels sold (i.e. Adult, Senior, Child). Users belonging to this group are assigned a predetermined commission structure which is applied every time a ticket is sold. Mashuk Rahman Beacon Truck Scissor Dock Lifts; Platform Size (WxL): 48 x 96; Lowered Height: 8; Raised Height: 68; Capacity (LBS).This product is among most expensive items on Amazon.com.You can sign up with Amazon affiliate and start promoting the Beacon Truck Scissor Dock Lifts. Thank you ever so for you blog article.Thanks Again. Keep writing. Ultimate Cycle Wahooligan Bundle Waldorf, MD (1) Merchants with business-to-business (B2B) and business-to-government (B2G) customers typically encounter large dollar amount transactions. Large ticket processing from BluePay reduces the high processing costs normally associated with large transactions. April 3, 2018 at 9:19 AM My experience: April 2, 2018 at 8:49 PM Shawn 22Social Training www.affordablefashionsco.com April 24, 2018 at 7:39 pm May 2, 2017 at 4:05 pm Definitely check it out! TRENDING STORES That is a fact as theres literally thousands of people searching and buying the best equipment to get better and / or to play for fun. Thanks Gary. I appreciate that. I have a golf category so let me know if I can list your program there. Sincerely  Bill You learned the 6-figure super affiliate strategy: A Guide to Upgrading Your Growth Marketing Platform pl256 4 years ago 1. Clickbank Password January 06 2013, 10:56am May 2-4, 2018	2018 APWA Illinois Chapter Conference - Booth 16 - Peoria, IL Blood of Sargeras Trader US / EU Affiliate Marketing Riches BUT  if you follow many simple free marketing tactics and work from home, the profits can get pretty damn close to 100% (much closer than traditional businesses) $10.00. for every qualified lead For Any Program. How To Blog April 4, 2018 at 5:58 AM big ticket programs|Great Solutions Available Here big ticket programs|Great Tips & Methods Available Here big ticket programs|Great Tips Available Here
Cafe 1.7 cu. ft. Over the Range Microwave in Stainless Steel (Silver) with Sensor Cooking at Home Depot
GE Cafe Top Control Dishwasher in Stainless Steel (Silver) with Stainless Steel Tub and Third Rack at Home Depot
GE Cafe Top Control Dishwasher in Stainless Steel (Silver) with Stainless Steel Tub and Bottle Jets at Home Depot
GE Cafe 30 in. Built-In Gas Cooktop in Stainless Steel (Silver) with 5 Burners Including Tri-Ring Burner at Home Depot
GE Cafe 30 in. Double Electric Wall Oven Self-Cleaning with Convection in Stainless Steel (Silver) at Home Depot
Cafe 5.6 cu. ft. Smart Gas Range with Self-Cleaning Convection Oven in Black Slate, Fingerprint Resistant at Home Depot
Cafe 6.7 cu. ft. Slide-In Double Oven Smart Gas Range with Self-Cleaning Convection Oven in Stainless Steel (Silver) at Home Depot
Cafe 5.6 cu. ft. Smart Slide-In Gas Range with Self-Cleaning Convection Oven and WiFi in Stainless Steel (Silver) at Home Depot
Cafe 30 in. Single Electric Smart Wall Oven Self-Cleaning with Convection and WiFi in Black Slate, Fingerprint Resistant at Home Depot
Cafe Top Control Dishwasher in Black Slate with Stainless Steel Tub, Fingerprint Resistant at Home Depot
Cafe 1.7 cu. Ft. Over the Range Convection Microwave in Stainless Steel (Silver) with Steam Cook at Home Depot
Cafe 5.6 cu. ft. Slide-In Smart Oven Dual Fuel Range with Self-Cleaning Convection in Stainless Steel (Silver) at Home Depot
Cafe 6.7 cu. ft. Slide-In Double Oven Electric Range with Self-Cleaning Convection Oven in Stainless Steel, Silver/Gray at Home Depot
Cafe 6.7 cu. ft. Slide-In Double Oven Smart Gas Range with Self-Cleaning Convection Oven in Black Slate at Home Depot
GE Cafe 36 in. Deep Recessed Gas Cooktop in Stainless Steel (Silver) with 5 Burners including Tri-Ring Burner at Home Depot
Cafe 6.7 cu. ft. Slide-In Double Oven Smart Dual Fuel Range with Self-Cleaning Convection Oven in Stainless Steel (Silver) at Home Depot
This Lowe's Circular Ad was published on Oct. 31, 2018. This Circular Ad is valid Nov. 1, 2018 through Nov. 14, 2018. This Ad may contain time-sensitive information and offers. Please check with Lowe's to confirm availability.
Create Your % Free Account. + models are currently available for Live Sex Webcams - Live Cams Sex. Join the largest worldwide webcam community! Jan 12, - Sex video chat muslim. He especially liked how I trembled as he played with the labia and clitoris. We often masturbated in front of each other, but he did not fucked, so the vagina and could not. Feb 18, - Free muslim video sex chat sites. But where do we get the money for all this? What she could have findolo.eu camera online. Wallpaper bright and fresh, new curtains were playing soft colors. Sewed.
Disclaimer: Information posted on this site is only for reference.Please confirm this information with your bank before initiating any financial transaction. We are not liable for your loss due to any errors in our information.
We have a huge selection of compact tractors to choose from, based in the south west we are the number one seller of compact tractors in Cornwall, Devon, and Somerset.Compact Tractors Traboe Cornwall.
A compact tractor is rural gear that can deal with yard-mind needs; it might likewise cut gardens and evacuate snow and can till gardens and furthermore furrow up openings.
Wellbeing first  notwithstanding their sizes, minimal tractor is awesome machine and might be unsafe to oversee. Buy a conservative tractor which has rollover shield and other inherent security highlights, similar to safety belts alongside mechanical off buttons. Compact Tractors Traboe Cornwall Make certain to modify the safety belt to discover it fits you easily. Ensure additionally that you can achieve effectively all controls. Look at all the foot wheels to guarantee the simple activity and not impeded. Check your line of vision when you are situated to guarantee you can see everything around the machine. Lights also security signs must be in legitimate place in the little tractor.
Assessment of necessities  scan for minimal tractor that has adequate strength and additionally alternatives to get together your wants. Take into concern if your property is level or sloping. In spite of the fact that you will probably use the little tractor altogether as trimmer, later on, you may settle on a choice you jump at the chance to make utilization of it in working the land or in burrowing postholes, in this manner, ensure that the tractor will deal with the gear.Compact Tractors Traboe Cornwall
Analyze the tractor and confirm it has strong structure. Pick the tractor that is completely made of steel instead of made of plastic and metal sheet. The overwhelming little tractor will last more in spite of the fact that it costs more than the tractor that has lighter weight. Smaller tractors utilizing diesel motors cost all the more additionally, however they are utilizing less fuel. They likewise require a lesser measure of upkeep than models utilizing gas.
Accomplices to consider  select small tractor with water driven framework, three-point hitch and power take-off. Most connections require at least one to have the capacity to work. Regardless of whether you incline toward the haul behind trimmer or underbelly cutter is your alternative; however you should anticipate that the tractor will work productively and easily. Minimal tractors much of the time are not flexibility like riding cutters; remember that when the grass has a lot of trees and a few hindrances.Compact Tractors Traboe Cornwall
Buy front-end loader on the off chance that you are intending to move stone, mulch, soil and other mass materials with your tractor. The burden and additionally the installations for this must be required to custom fit in your tractor, so it will bode well to buy a loader which is outlined intentionally to your tractor that is straightforwardly from the maker.Compact Tractors Traboe Cornwall.
Pick other accommodating frill, similar to raise mounted cutting edges utilized for moving snows or keeping up rock drives. Posthole diggers may help you quickly in introducing wall. Tillers and furrows are helpful to plant specialists. Roughage forks may help you in moving vast parcels of feed. Minimized tractors might be furnished likewise with escavator extras utilized as a part of small burrowing employments.Compact Tractors Traboe Cornwall.
Your other option may be to see if the new 2 stage T3x trigger can be fitted to the older T3. No problem with 2 stage for hunting. First stage just takes up the slack in the pull. Out of interest, what don't you like about the standard T3 trigger? It's pretty good as factory triggers go...have you tried adjusting it for a lower clean break than factory standard?
Elidia & Micas Taqueria is located at 801 N Sylvania Ave in Fort worth near the intersection of N Sylvania Ave and McLemore Ave. Their menu consists of Mexican dishes . Call (817) 838-8996 for dine in.
The details of Elidia & Micas Taqueria at 801 N Sylvania Ave in Fort worth are provided on a best effort basis. We try to provide the best and most up-to-date information for Elidia & Micas Taqueria however, there may be discrepencies. It's always best to verify the details with the restaurant directly. If you can provide updated information please do so via the edit page. All reviews of Elidia & Micas Taqueria are provided by users. Although we moderate the reviews for language and spam, we do not moderate the content. If you find a review offensive please let us know via the contact us form.
Hi there...well...like the title states...I am looking for a good guy. A genuinely nice guy. There has to be some out there, right? I am a good girl, a nice person. Looking for dating first and then see where things take us. I am 5'7quot and a BBW. I am not super big, but I am not skinny either I am continually trying to better myself to become healthier. Take it or leave it, I say...I am cute and have my act together, I am funny, have a good heart, and have a lot to offer. I don't do drugs, I do not smoke, and I rarely drink....looking for the same. Email if you would like to know more.
This is the best place to meet new people in and around your local area. Chat, flirt, socialize and have fun! Signing up is easy -- and free. Sign up now or check out who your know here first.
It is truly amazing what you are doing...and I am going to do what I can to help you from this side...you are not alone!!! We miss you lots and wish you all the very best and am very proud of you. You are an inspiration....keep up the FANTASTIC work! ANYTHING you need, just name it. Love u!
I was one of the people who put the water system in. Can you tell me who is running it now. Is Robert running the system? Pastor Jim contacted me and said they have no water pressure. The first filter, the black one, is clogged. They must clean it or no or little water will get through. Keep up the good work. I have been to Katebo twice in the last year and found living there fascinating )(except for the toilets).
I will be volunteering for a month at the African Child Foundation in Uganda - www.acfuganda.org - and I just want to thank everyone that is supporting me in this project.
PHD Productions LLC just donated many of their AWESOME toy to the African Child Foundation's kids in Uganda.
Maya Asfour Brubaker and her classmates (5th grade) from Kent Gardens Elementary School, with the assistance of her teacher Ms. Sauers, donated school supplies to the African Child Foundation's kids in Uganda.
Shannon Stowell donated $200 to buy multi vitamins to the African Child Foundation kids and women in Uganda.
Thanks to Isabel and Eric Simmerman I was able to return my apartment end of January and save a month rent (a very expensive one). For sure this "extra" budget will be well spent in Uganda and other parts of Africa.
Dress your little princess for ballet class in this sweet dance tutu. The cute ruffled waistband is elastic and has no closures which makes it easy for your little one to put on and take off independently. Pair this cute pink tutu with opaque tights and a simple leotard for a sassy and glamorous ballet outfit. She will look even more adorable in this beautiful tulle tutu. Material: 100% Polyester Size: Waist 14"- 23", 7.5" Long (6-18 months old infant) Waist 16"- 30", 11.5" Long ( 2-8 year old children) Package Includes: 1 x Tutu Skirt
Baby for 6-18 month waist 14 relaxed to 23 fully stretched, 7.5long ; Girl for 2-8 Years waist 16 relaxed to 30 fully stretched, 11.5 long
Our maxi skirts are fantastic! Not only are they cute and cool for casual wear, they can also be used for school, and parties. It will be the go-to piece of your wardrobe for comfort during a full day of activity. Wear this with a staple top for the best style!
Soft and fluffy! Our tulle ballerina tutus are perfect for baby photo shoots, birthday tutus, princess parties, fairy costumes, play dress-up, and special occasions! Ballet tutus are a classic and timeless style loved by girls of all ages. My Lello colorful tutu's are available in many fun, vibrant, and various shades of pink, blue, yellow, purple, and green colors. Be sure to check out our ballet tutus in baby and big girl sizes to match sister! 100% polyester. Mom's need not miss out on the fun and can match their daughters with our adult tutu's line! Check them all out. Due to the comfortable elastic waistband, these tutu's will fit most 10 - 12 month up, 18 month, and up to 36 month children.
Easy to care for: hand wash only and then lay flat or hang to dry. Food and messes easily wash off the tulle fabric and the tulle is color fast.
3 LAYERS OF SOFT & FLUFFY TULLE: Interchangeable! Features comfortable satin elastic waistband and includes a satin strap that can be used to either tie or clip on bows, flowers, and other embellishments to accessorize your tutu!
SIZED TO FIT: approx. 10 mo. babies through 3T toddlers. Waist measures 13 inches across waist when relaxed (24 inches when stretched) and a 11 inches in length
PERFECT FOR: dance, dress up, fairy & princess costumes, birthday parties, Halloween, cakesmash, photography and more!
The most classic girls tutu skirt, 3-layers tulle, many colors to choose, can be used for all occsions.
And will completely disappear after washing several times. Please wash it first before wearing and a little salt will help you.
We are trying our best to reduce the smell. Please note that before ordering. Thanks for your understanding.
Welcome to our store. Having a happy shopping time here. Every girls should be treated like a princess. Beauty belongs to you!
Satin covered waist, elastic 7.8 inches can be stretched to 15.7 inches, please measure your baby size before you order.
The My Lello 10-layer tutu skirts are over-the-top fluffy with over 3 times the amount of layers as most standard tutus! This premium tutu with extra layers give this tutu lots of shape and body perfect as prop for photo shoots, princess and birthday parties, ballet costume, dress-up, and special occasions! Ballet tutus are a classic and timeless style loved by girls of all ages. My Lello colorful tutu's are available in many fun, vibrant, and various shades of pink, blues, and multi rainbow colors. You are sure to find your perfect tutu for your beautiful little one. Be sure to check out our ballet tutus in baby and big girl sizes to match sister!
10 LAYERS OF SOFT & FLUFFY TULLE - making it extra full and fluffy. Most standard tutus have 3, 4, or 5 layers.
SIZED TO FIT: approximately 4T toddler through 10 year old girls. Waist is 19 Inches across (28 Inches when stretched) and 8.5 Inches total length (tulle layers each 6.5 Inches length). Features a comfortable 2.25 Inch wide soft elastic fabric waistband.
Great quality Tutu dancing skirt with shinning heart sequins. Perfect for your little girls' and big girls' party, everyday wearing. Following size means age ranges for girls, they are for general guidance only. For most accurate fit, we recommend checking detailed measurement before purchase.
Girls' dress size 2-12 suitable for age 2 to 12 years girls. Please read detail size measurement in Product Description before purchase
Our kids dresses are designed to allow room for growth, height is a better reference than age in choosing the correct size.
Any questions or problems to our products or service, please feel free to contact us, we will always at your services.
More girls and boys clothings, accessories, women maternity tops, dresses and so on available in our store, you can go to our store and take a look!!!
a professional brand who have dedicated itself to creating the highest quality tutu dress,tutu skirt and accessories on the market.
from formal to casual,including tutu,skirt,petticoat,casual clothing,birthday,party,special occasions clothing set
As a Mommy and a Tutu Maker,I Understand Soft and Safety Tulle is Most Important,Besides,Neat Sewing and Fluffy Hem is Required for Each Skirts.
FLUFFY : Much Tulle Used in the Hem of the Tutu Skirt Which Make The Skirt Full Fluffy as same as Photos Showing And 1 Layer of Satin Lining Inside Which is Soft for the Skin of Little Toddler Girls. NOTE:Please look for Tortoise Rabbit store when you buy
COLOR: Much Color such as Red tutu, Black tutu, White tutu Which Fit for girls photo shoots, birthday party cake smash, family themed pic, Halloween cosplay ,Ballet and dance twirling.
An Amazon brand - This two-pack of sweet tutu skirts is the perfect mix of play and style with plenty of twirl factor.
All authentic Bello Giovane products sold through AMAZON.com are sold only by the seller Bello Giovane. Products that are sold by other sellers are imitation products similar in design. Please note, these unauthentic products do not have the same quality such as color, fabric, construction and over all design and feel as our products. All our products are designed and made in California, USA.
2. Because of light effect and weather, please allow a little bit of color difference between the picture and the object.
3. Please check the size chart carefully before you purchase the item. The table above is a reference for you, please choose the right one according to your girl's actual size. Thank you!
From the Manufacture Mdnmd is a Professional Dancewear supplies Company with more than 15 years' experience which is famous for its unique design, high quality and well made workmanship. Product Line : ballet leotards, gymnastics leotards, girl costume wears, socks & tights, ballet shoes, etc. We offer custom-made service also. Product Feature Brings out the playful charm of dancing fashion with its collection of leotard dresses and party dresses in flattering colors and pretty patterns. Leotards are in great quality, lightweight, soft and super cute. The absorbent qualities of natural materials will help your girl to feel cool during the class or in performance. Size Measurement Toddler, Small, Medium, Large, X-Large 02-04Years _ Chest 20-21" _ Waist 19-20" _ Hips 21-23" _ Length 20-21" 04-06Years _ Chest 22-23" _ Waist 20-21" _ Hips 23-25" _ Length 21-22" 06-08Years _ Chest 24-25" _ Waist 21-23" _ Hips 25-27" _ Length 22-23" 08-10Years _ Chest 26-28" _ Waist 23-25" _ Hips 27-29" _ Length 23-24" 10-12Years _ Chest 29-31" _ Waist 26-28" _ Hips 30-32" _ Length 25-26" Please feel free to contact us if any questions. We would be glad to assist you. Thanks.
2) Baby girl tutu skirt Outfits is 100% brand New and of high quality ,the design is exquisite and delicate.
4) Not only specially for memorable photo shoots,but for daily dressing and dance. The Beautiful Tutu clothes makes the baby cutter and more attractive.
1)"4 month-2T Babies": Waist measures 14" across waist when relaxed (22" when stretched) and a 8" length
2)"2T -4T Toddlers": Waist measures 15" across waist when relaxed (24" when stretched) and a 9" length
4)"6yrs-8yrs Girls": Waist measures 17" across waist when relaxed (26" when stretched) and a 11" length
5)"8yrs-10yrs Girls": Waist measures 18" across waist when relaxed (30" when stretched) and a 12" length
SOFT & FLUFFY TULLE: This girls tutu skirt is made from 3-layered non-fraying tulle, comfortable and durable. The tulle tutu comes with a satin extra elastic waistband, a contrast chiffon bow-knot plus a gathered rim. Some of the dance tutu even includes two bright colored satin ribbons decorated over the body.
WIDE RANGE OF GIRLS TO FIT: 5 sizes are available for this tulle skirt, making it applicable to a wide group of girls from 4 month baby girls, 3T toddler girls, and up to ten-year teen girls. See size chart in description field to choose appropriate size.
ABUNDANT COLOR CHOICE: Those girls dance tutu has more than 50 colors, making it the perfect skirt for girls to wear all year round. Main colors includes: rainbow, hot pink, light pink, rose, red, light blue, Navy, white, black, violet, purple, yellow, green, coffee and watermelon.
OCCASIONS: The little girls' tulle tutu is perfect for dance, ballet, costumes, photography props, birthday parties, dress-up, jazz and tap, baby homecoming, fairy & princess, costumes, Halloween and more special occasions. The elastic tulle costume skirt is fit for most baby girl, toddler girls, kids, litter girls, big girls, school girls etc.
EASY TO WASH & CARE: Hand wash only. Lay flat or hang to dry. Food and messes easily wash off the tulle fabric and the dance tulle is color fast.
Certain content that appears on GistGear.com comes from Amazon services llc. This content is provided 'as is' and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Any price and availability information displayed on Amazon.com at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of this product.
Amazon product prices and availability are accurate as of the date/time indicated and are subject to change.
Enerlites HET06A is a 7-button countdown in wall timer switch with six time delay options giving great flexibility in light, ventilation fan control in bathroom, pantry, closet, laundry room, garage and more. The wall switch timer is ideal to control ventilation fan, ceiling fan and light in bathroom and laundry room where light and fan could be left on for a long time. By simply pushing the button to set your desired time delay from 1min, 5min, 10min, 15min and 30 minutes, your appliance will automatically turn off and never be inadvertently left on. Replace the normal switch for energy saving and convenience. By using the timer switch to control fan and light in the bathroom and laundry room, people have no worries that the fan might be left on for long time after shower. It is so convenient to just push the button and leave. The modern designed of the in wall countdown timer is designed to utilize current wiring and to replace an existing wall switch to control ventilation/ceiling fan, light and motor by setting the countdown time. This fan timer switch works with any household ventilation Fans including Panasonic whisper ceiling bathroom fans, ceiling mounted fans and bathroom vent fan with light. Beautiful bright blue LED indicators show the chosen time delay of your timer and STAYS ON for easy locating in dark. Use HET06A timer switch to control ventilation fan to keep bathroom/laundry room fresh, mildew and mold away. For bedroom light/ceiling fan control, use HET06 timer switch with 5min to 4hours time setting is ideal. HET06A-R also has time override feature and regular ON/OFF function with the big button. Bathroom exhaust fan and light control: HET06A+TDOS5 Sensor Switch For bathroom, multi-gang HET06A timer fan control with a motion sensor as light controller fits in any standard wall box and can be multi-ganged with other devices. Neutral wire is required for installation. Single pole application.
Automate the shut off operations of all types of lights including LEDs, CFLs, fans and heaters at the time pre-set
Blue LED light STAYS ON, easy to locate in darkness. Ideal for bathroom, closet, pantry, garage, laundry room, spaBedroom is not recommended for this feature
In addition, it would be better to use plug wire with terminal, such as pins with spring, auxiliary plug and try to avoid direct welding.
DPDT momentary polarity reversing rocker switch. Very handy item to have around the shop if you are a DYI type. Used for all sorts of DC motor reversing applications such as camper trailer jacks, winch controls for in/out operation, door open closed, liftgate up/down......so many uses. Unit is rated for 20a at 12VDC and 10a at 24VDC Ships with 4-14gauge wires just in case you don't have the .250 female terminals. Includes wire pigtails
If you have any questions, feel free to contact us by E-mail any time. We get professional customer service staff and technician to help you.
For 12 months after the date of purchase, we take care of all quality-related issues with a REPLACEMENT or FULL REFUND
This push button switch with 2 terminals, panel mounting design. Normally stays at of position, push it on the mini push button switch is widely applied in home appliances, electronic equipment, automation equipment, communication equipment, etc. The push button switch features self locking round push button, AC 125V 3a, 250V 1.5a.
If for any reason you are unhappy with any product by Gocomcom, please do not hesitate to contact us. We take full ownership and responsibility for the quality of our products and will do our very best to solve your problem quickly and efficiently!
This is a perfect choice if you are in need of a rugged push button! These metal push buttons are a very tough, small, panel-mount latching switch with an illuminated blue LED. It is a SPDT with 19mm threading and 1mm pitch. This button is perfect for basic On/Off functions. These latched buttons are rated up to 5A and 250VAC while the LED is rated for 5-12V.
Latching switch, push it down, it stays down and latched in the closed position, press the button again and it releases and unlatches
Most often latching switches are used for various additional electric equipment, inside & outside the car(Such as critical lights, chassis lamp, fog lamps, dome light)
-These switches come with a rubber O-ring which makes them splash resistant but they can NOT be submerged underwater
-The project you are going to be used for, don't let current go above 5 amps. Or the switch will get warm and to be burned out
If you have any questions, feel free to contact us by E-mail any time. We get professional customer service staff and technician to help you
The switch and LED are separated, LED can be on all the time or only on when switch is on, depending on how you wire it
Can be use as a switch for various additional electric equipment, inside & outside the car.(Such as critical lights, chassis lamp, fog lamps, dome light)
There is a wiring instruction in the packaging. You can get the wiring diagram in it, that can help you to install
Features: 4;screw terminals, 1 no + 1 NC dpst contact type, red mushroom emergency stop push button switch. The switches are structured compactly and operated quickly and gently. Can be widely used to control the electromagnetic starter, contactor, relay and other automatic control electric circuits.
This is a perfect choice if you are in need of a rugged push button! These metal push buttons are a very tough, small, panel-mount latching switch with an illuminated green LED. It is a SPDT with 19mm threading and 1mm pitch. This button is perfect for basic On/Off functions. These latched buttons are rated up to 5A and 250VAC while the LED is rated for 5-12V.
The switch and LED are separated, LED can be on all the time or only on when switch is on,depending on how you wire it
- The switch come with a rubber O-ring which makesit splash resistant but it can NOT be submerged underwater.
This is a perfect choice if you are in need of a rugged push button! These push buttons are a very tough, small, panel-mount momentary switch with an illuminated white LED ring. It is a SPDT with 16mm threading. These buttons are rated up to 5A and 250VAC while the LED is rated for 5-12V. You can add a wire connector, then you don't need to solder the terminals, make installing very easy.
Most often momentary switches are used for circuits control in electromagnetic starter, stuff like relay, Horn Button Switch, PC Power Switch or any circuit controls
-These switches come with a rubber O-ring which makes them splash resistant but they can NOT be submerged in the water
If you have any questions, feel free to contact us by E-mail any time.We get professional customer service staff and technician to help you
This is a perfect choice if you are in need of a rugged push button! These metal push buttons are a very tough, small, panel-mount latching switch with an illuminated green LED ring. It is a SPDT with 19mm threading and 1mm pitch. This button is perfect for basic On/Off functions. These latched buttons are rated up to 5A and 250VAC while the LED is rated for 5-12V.
Features: 100% brand new and high quality. Rated PI67 waterproof. May be exposed to heavy rain, splashes, etc. without damage. This Metal push button switch is suitable for 12mm diameter mounting hole. Used widely for circuits control in electromagnetic starter, contactor, relay and other electric circuits. Specificatios: Mounting Cut Hole: 12mm Operation Type: Momentary (Self Return) Switch Contact: 1NO Max Switch Rating: 3A/250VAC Terminal Type: Screw Terminals Shell Material: Copper plating Cr Protection Rating: IP67 Operation Temperature: -20C to + 55C Package Include:1 x Push Button Switch 1 x Rubber O-ring
This is a perfect choice if you are in need of a rugged push button! These metal push buttons are a very tough, small, panel-mount latching switch with an illuminated green LED ring. It is a SPDT with 16mm threading and 1mm pitch. This button is perfect for basic On/Off functions. Overall length (including leads) is 1.3" and has small solder lugs for connection. These latched buttons are rated up to 5A and 250VAC while the LED is rated for 5-12V.
Latching switch, push it down, it stays down and latched in the closed position, press the button again and it releases and "unlatches".
Most often latching switches are used for various additional electric equipment inside & outside the car.(Such as critical lights, chassis lamp, fog lamps, dome light)
* These switches come with a rubber O-ring which makes them splash resistant but they can NOT be submerged in the water.
* The project and application you are going to be used for,don't let current go above 5 amps.Or the switch will get warm and to be burned out.
If you have any questions, feel free to contact us by E-mail any time.We get professional customer service staff and technician to help you.
Can be use as a switch for various additional electric equipment inside & outside the car.(Such as critical lights, chassis lamp, fog lamps, dome light)
This is a perfect choice if you are in need of a rugged push button! These metal push buttons are a very tough, small, panel-mount momentary switch. It is a SPST with 16mm threading and 1mm pitch. Overall length (including leads) is 0.8" and has screw-type terminals for connection. These momentary buttons are rated up to 3A and 250VAC.
Most often momentary switches are used for circuits control in electromagnetic starter; stuff like relay, Horn Button Switch, PC Power Switch or any circuit controls.
These switches come with a rubber O-ring which makes them splash resistant but they can NOT be submerged in the water.
These terminal holes size are 2.1mm (5/64) diameter, you can use AWG 12 wire maximum; popular size of AWG 14 to 18 are fine also
This is a perfect choice if you are in need of a rugged push button! These push buttons are a very tough, small, panel-mount momentary switch with an illuminated red LED ring. It is a SPST with 16mm threading. These momentary buttons are rated up to 2A and 220VAC while the LED is rated for 5-12V
This is a perfect choice if you are in need of a rugged push button! These metal push buttons are a very tough, small, panel-mount latching switch with an illuminated white LED ring. It is a SPDT with 16mm threading and 1mm pitch. This button is perfect for basic On/Off functions. Overall length (including leads) is 1.3" and has small solder lugs for connection. These latched buttons are rated up to 5A and 250VAC while the LED is rated for 5-12V.
The newer model of U16C2, with a wire connector, you don't need to solder the terminals, make fitting very easy
It starts, runs and drives well and shifts through all of the gears. The color is a very nice pearl orange with black trim. It comes with the original tool kit and owners manual.When you contact me please include your phone.
2013 Can-Am Spyder RS-S SM5 Spy RS Sm5 Take performance to the next level with the Spyder RS-S. Attitude thats easily backed up by FOX shocks. Plus the Spyder RS-S comes with all the features and amenities of the Spyder RS. the cu...
I'll respond ONLY through phone so please leave me your number.Thanks! This is a Can Am Spyder RS 990cc 2010, Superb condition, prior salvage title due to some light front end damage, it has been repaired with all OEM parts, ...
The History of Anthropology Newsletter has been a venue for publication and conversation on the many histories of the discipline of anthropology since 1973. We became an open access web publication in 2016; please subscribe to our emails below to receive updates as we publish new essays, reviews, and bibliographies.
Jennifer Fraser on Event: Workshop on Ethics, Settler Colonialism, and Indigeneity in the History of the Human Sciences, University of Washington, 4 November 2018
Alan McGowan on Event: Workshop on Ethics, Settler Colonialism, and Indigeneity in the History of the Human Sciences, University of Washington, 4 November 2018
Richard Handler on Aboriginal Rights Claims and the Making and Remaking of History by Arthur J. Ray
The revival of the History of Anthropology Newsletter (HAN) as an online publication began with volume 40 in 2016. Content is updated continually, and subscribers receive weekly emails with links to new content.
HAN is based at the Department of History and Sociology of Science, 303 Claudia Cohen Hall, 249 S. 36th Street, Philadelphia, PA 19104-6304. Fax: 215-573-2231.
Should Led Zeppelins Stairway to Heaven be ruled infringing, expect a flood of new copyright claims. Thats according to some dire warnings from the RIAA and NMPA.
Last September, on the groups 50th anniversary, a federal judge presented Led Zeppelin with an unexpected gift  a forced retrial.
The 9th Circuit Court of Appeals had thrown out a June 2016 jury verdict ruling that the popular group hadnt infringed on Spirits 1960s song, Taurus. Michael Skidmore, trustee for the estate of Randy Wolfe, Spirits lead guitarist, claimed the popular rock group knowingly stole the songs introduction. Led Zeppelin had used the intro in Stairway to Heaven, though the progression was argued to be generic and ultimately non-copyrightable.
The three-judge panel of Circuit judges stated that a lower court judge had provided a jury with erroneous, biased instructions.
Now, the Record Industry Association of America (RIAA) and the National Music Publishers Association have weighed in. The RIAA represents the big three major labels, while the NMPA represents the largest music publishers in the world.
In an amicus brief filed on Monday, the RIAA asked the Ninth Circuit Court to reconsider its ruling. Should the Circuit judges opinion result in a reversal, it would badly overprotect copyrights.
In the original case, a District Court judge had claimed copyright law doesnt protect chromatic scales, arpeggios, or short sequences of three notes. A written instruction to the jury read,
Any elements from prior works or the public domain are not considered original parts and not protected by copyright.
Arguing in favor of the original ruling, the RIAA told judges copyright law should carefully calibrate and balance its rules to prevent both over and underprotection.
Composers intellectual property must be protected, but new songs incorporating new artistic expression influenced by unprotected, pre-existing thematic ideas must also be allowed. The panel opinion badly overprotects.
The RIAA co-authored the amicus brief with the National Music Publishers Association (NMPA). According to both, a rehearing should protect the creative rights both of past authors and of present ones. Neither organization agrees with the Ninth Circuit Courts decision.
Authors, including composers, must and should use unprotectable elements created by those creators coming before them. The panel decision, however, makes that especially perilous.
The RIAA and the NMPA warned the ruling could potentially allow more infringement claims. This would open the floodgates for cases arguing over the use of basic musical elements that have long been seen as unprotectable.
Nearly every time a composer chooses to include a sequence of a few notes, an arpeggio or a chromatic scale in a composition, some other composer will have most likely selected the same elements at some level of generality.
Answer: A Objective of above question is to highlight the complexity of delirium. Any drug, environmental discordance, pain or any underlying disease process can cause delirium.
Those medications which require therapeutic level monitoring despite being at appropriate dose can still be the cause of delirium.
Bulgarian Lev Euro U.S. Dollar Australian Dollar British Pound Canadian Dollar Chinese Yuan Danish Krone Norwegian Krone Romanian Leu Russian Ruble Swedish Krona Swiss Franc Turkish New Lira Japanese Yen
Go Frank is a platform devoted to helping people who want to start making sustainable and fair fashion choices. Read more about it here.
Go Frank is an initiative by Jonne Bosselaar and Andrea Vendrik. Any questions, remarks, shout outs? Email us.
Welcome to the "NEW" Going Gaited Online Magazine ASK THE EXPERT Forum. Have a problem? We are here to help. Just wanting to chat? Click on the link above for GHS (Gaited Horse Sense) Messageboard to connect with other like-minded horse folks!
I have a 15 year old Tennessee Walker mare. She foaled for us last April. This Spring her mane and tail are falling out at an alarming rate. I never brush or comb her mane/tail. If they are tangled I work in some Cowboy Magic with my fingers. Is she missing some nutrient? At the rate her mane is falling out, she may be bald in weeks.
This is a bit of a problem! My firsty instinct is that you are probably dealing with a bacterial or fungal disease of the hair follicles. If so, you may see some crusty/scabby type lesions at the base of the hair. To remedy this, I would start with bathing these regions with a betadine or chlorhexadine scrub. It is very important that you lather the area up very well, and then let it sit before rinsing. I usually recommend that it stays in contact for 5-7 min prior to rinsing. This should be done daily for 3-4 days abd then every other day.
If the mare is rubbing the hair, you could possibly have an allergic component. If so, you may need to consult your local veterinarian for further work-up. Rubbing the mane and tail could also be caused by parasitic invasion. Let your veterinarian help you with diagnosing the "itchy" horse.
I doubt that this would be a nutritional problem, but if so, it would be beneficial to supplement with something high in omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids. I like to use the Platinum Peformance supplements for these specific needs. These fatty acids may help to develop a slick, shiny coat in addition to a healthy mane and tail.
Your advice was great! It only took one treatment with the betadine scrub to see results. By the third treatment all was looking well. Her mane and tail are already beginning to grow back and get thicker. Simple solution. Thank you! Thank you!
729 (June 2013), which you'll be able to go through below. I'll refer to the reserve Edition. The remainder of the ebook has some exciting things, but it is mostly about technicalities about several central financial institution operations,...
There are dozens and dozens of minting corporations located in America together with other areas of the planet. A few of the preferred personal mints that we presently work with who deliver gold bullion are mentioned under:
The overall performance of gold bullion is often in comparison to stocks as unique expenditure vehicles. Gold is regarded by some as a retail store of worth (without the need of growth) While shares are considered to be a return on value (i.e., progress from expected genuine price enhance as well as dividends). Stocks and bonds perform greatest in a very secure political local weather with solid home rights and very little turmoil. The hooked up graph shows the worth of Dow Jones Industrial Average divided via the price of an ounce of gold. Given that 1800, stocks have regularly obtained price compared to gold partially because of the balance of the American political process.
You'll be able to check out the current silver location price at the top of every website page on our Web-site. Silver spot price is "Are living" and is particularly up-to-date on our Web site every moment the worldwide markets are open up. You are able to buy on the net 24/7 to reap the benefits of temporary price fluctuations.
Investors might choose to leverage their posture by borrowing income towards their existing belongings and then getting or offering gold on account with the loaned resources. Leverage is additionally an integral Component of buying and selling gold derivatives and unhedged gold mining business shares (see gold mining providers).
The price for an ounce or gram of gold remains mostly a similar in spite of which nation that you are in. The price is set by converting The present spot gold price for an ounce or gram of gold in to the state's currency.
The gold price has been slowly but surely grinding larger in risky trade over the past two years. Soon after bottoming around $1,050, the price has put inside of a number of increased lows on the technological charts, that's a bullish sign. Introducing to this bullish...
When you are logged in, hover about your account range and click on on spot alerts. You can established as a number of silver spot price alerts as you desire to, and we maintain your Formerly triggered alerts in your reference. Opening an account only normally takes a minute.
Connecting selection makers to some dynamic network of knowledge, folks and ideas, goldprice.com Bloomberg promptly and correctly delivers enterprise and economic info, news and Perception throughout the world.
Ordinarily a small commission is billed for investing in gold ETPs and a little annual storage payment is billed. The once-a-year expenses of your fund for example storage, insurance, and management costs are billed by offering a small number of gold represented by Every certificate, so the level of gold in Every single certification will little by little decline over time.
Direct and indirect gross worth included (GVA) on the gold mining field throughout the world in 2013, by area
The currencies of all the key nations are less than critical force because of significant governing administration deficits. The more cash that is definitely pumped into these economies  the printing of money mainly  then the considerably less beneficial the currencies turn out to be.[32]
To comply with our usage of cookies, click on 'Take' or select 'Solutions' to established your Choices by cookie kind.
Investing location gold prices >> Gold is often thought of a secure haven when inventory marketplaces are unsure. Over the past decade We've got observed a steady development in Gold price whilst economies around the world contracted.
I have developed a sister website at www.dmphoto.studio This is dedicated to beer and other beverage photography. Please visit this site for all the details if this is relevant to your business.
As an architecture and design firm, our vision begins at a large scale and drills down to the detail. Hand sketches or computer based imagery are key to the one on one relationships we develop with our clients, making sure their feelings, wishes and dreams are expressed though an engaging and fluid design process.
We recently had the opportunity to work on small renovation with Sandra, and defenitely she exceeded our expectations. Her ability of visualizing spaces as a licensed architect, and decorating them in very creative ways as a professional interior designer defenitely give her an edge! I was a little hesitant because we were doing the project from long distance, but with her it was extremely easy to communicate, and she constantly send images of the spaces in a very professional manner, which made all desicions easy for us. The result was amazing, and I would reccomend Sandra and Eolo Design to anyone who wants to renovate their home!
Working with Eolo Design and her principal Sandra Diaz-Velasco was an experience that exceeded all my expectations. She redesigned my hair salon and did an amazing job! Being a very talented professional, she understood my needs and wishes from the beginning, and communicated her love for design and attention to detail at all times in a very creative way. It was very easy for me to visualize the finished spaces.
Mindful of budget as well, I highly recommend her and Eolo Design for Architecture and Interior Design Services.
Sandra and Eolo Design helped us with our renovation project . she was fabulous! Given the fact she is both a licensed architect, and interior design, she is very professional, and knowledgeable. she took the time to lsiten to us as well as the challenges we had with our house. communication with her flew easy. we are very impressed with her work and with the results for us, we highly recommend Eolo Design. Whoever has the opportunity to work with Sandra should consider themselves lucky.
I have worked with Sandra at Eolo A & I Design on several projects exceeding $100,000. She is very talented and is able to visualize how an empty or outdated space can be created, maximiizing comfort and design, according to her clients needs and living style ( family, business, etc..)
She is very attentive to detail and will go the extra mile and work the late hours and weekends to meet deadlines and budgets.
Her work ethic and pleasing personality gives her clients a sense of confidence and lets them enjoy the design process.
I would highly recommend Eolo A & I Design to anyone in need of excellence and dependability when seekling a design firm
Outstanding professionalism. Visionary thinking but pragmatic and extremely well-informed. Sandra is energetic and focused, forward-thinking yet graced with an understanding of fundamentals. I highly recommend her for any scale project. My only regret was not having hired her sooner in projects and wasted time money and resources unnecessarily.
Sandra is an outstanding architect that we partner up with all our projects. She is professional, creative and energetic! I highly recommend her for any project!
Copyright  2017  EOLO Designs | All contents and images on this website are the exclusive property of Eolo A&I Design, Inc. Reproduction, use or modification, in part or in their entirety, is not permitted without expressed written permission from Eolo A&I Design, Inc.
websites  web-based applications  business branding and development  user experiences  erickson studio
The UNpackers unpack and organize your home completely, the day after the movers deliver your furniture and boxes.
What we did: erickson studio created their brand (logo), designed and developed their website, and developed their social media presence.
What we did: erickson studio designed and developed their website, and their secure online donation form.
What we did: Designed and developed an internal webbased application to schedule tour reservations.
What we did: erickson studio created a bold, clean package design that differentiated CUIs product from their competitors, even ourselling Bic and Duraflame in local markets!
The UNpackers have used erickson studio for the past 19 years for our website development, branding and social media needs. They are always available and have a gracious attitude. erickson studio has relieved many of our business burdens with their expertise and input.
erickson studio designs and develops websites, webbased applications, ecommerce stores, and online user experiences that are greatlooking and dropdead easy to use.
Your website is an alwayson sales agent who can represent you or your business 24/7/365. It should reflect your values as well as be welldesigned and easytouse.
Weve been developing with WordPress since its first release in 2003. Its the most popular content management system on the planet, and the platform of choice for almost every website we develop. WordPress allows you to easily maintain your own website  no advanced I.T. degree required! It also works great for Search Engine Optimization.
Every website project we create is mobilefriendly. Good thing too since more people search on their devices than on desktop computers now!
Weve created beautiful online stores using WooCommerce, Magento, Zen Cart and others. We can do yours too.
If you have a website design in a Photoshop file, well create (static) HTML/CSS templates for you. Our markup is always semantic, always wellcommented and ready to use.
We design dropdead gorgeous, easy to use user interfaces and user experiences. erickson studio can conceptualize and design your application, targeted for your audience.
erickson studio creates remarkable brands and identities. Our design, business and experiential backgrounds can help you create or reimagine your businesss personality.
erickson studio has designed everything from business cards and letterheads to 100+ page fullcolor catalogs. Heres a summary of some of our design capabilities
We can get a higher rank for your website, generate leads and sales with better and more effective design, development, and promote your business or website.
We design and develop amazing, easytouse websites and experiences. erickson studio is based in flaminghot Phoenix, Arizona.
erickson studio has been designing and developing websites since 1996  thats 22 years!  and before most people knew there was an Internet. (We remember the time before people called it the Information Superhighway, or The Net, or gasp A Bunch of Tubes. We even remember BBSsbut thats another story.)
We have a deep passion for excellent design and communication, as well as getting to know you and your audience.
How do your customers or audience perceive your business identity or online presence? We discover what your audience expects from your organization. This expectation becomes the foundation for your project.
Sometimes the obvious answers go undiscovered, even though they are in plain sight. erickson studio has the unique ability to see your business from a fresh perspective and to uncover the answers that others miss.
Our driving motivation is to combine your individual strengths with market needs. First, we analyze your current and potential target positions in the market. Then, we design your marketing campaign to transition you to where you should be.
erickson studio is a team of highly talented, friendly people excellent in their respective fields. The added expertise brought to each project will give you the advantage over your competitors.
Many people claim they have it, but do they really? We truly are not satisfied until you and your customers are satisfied.
#Brand community: embracing the marks of your tribe j.mp/2HTyRh5 by @WeAreArticulate November 13th 2018
6 Ways to Improve Contrast in Your Designs by @RichStaats j.mp/2RRQfDv #design https://t.co/uXnBuOZ5f4 November 12th 2018
For as many years as I can remember, erickson studio has been my goto resource for all of my website needs, from design and development to security and maintenance of my website store.
Contact Me Via (If youve selected Phone please be sure to include your phone number.) Email Phone No response is necessary
 historical a statement at the end of a book, typically with a printers emblem, giving information about its authorship and printing.
The last name Erickson is obviously Scandinavian, so we embraced the Scandinavian design heritage of designers such as Jacob Jensen and David Lewis, best known for their work with Bang and Olufsen, with a smattering of Dieter Rams thrownin.
All of the text is set in lowercase (using CSS) because of our corporate minimalist design philosophy.
The erickson studio site is handcrafted valid HTML5 and CSS3. The CSS was generated with SASS/Compass. The special effects were created using CSS and javascript (jQuery). PHP is also used for other technical aspects of the site.
The site was built on Mac OS X machines and thoroughly tested for other operating systems and browsers.
brand baby stroller ultra lightweight folding can sit can lie high landscape umbrella baby trolley summer and winter
Use our free personal ads to find available singles in harbor springs and get to know them in our match & flirt with singles in harbor springs keego harbor. Beautiful mature seeking flirt west virginia women looking sex search of fuck buddy bushkill adult singles dating in keego harbor horney match franschhoek. Vulnicura is the eighth no singles were released to promote the album but a series of innovative music videos were created spin called it a match made in hell. Explore log in create new account upload.
0:00 1:00 2:00 3:00 4:00 5:00 6:00 7:00 8:00 9:00 10:00 11:00 12:00 13:00 14:00 15:00 16:00 17:00 18:00 19:00 20:00 21:00 22:00 23:00
{"codes":{"err":"Required fields missing","err2":"Invalid email address","err3":"Please select RSVP option","err4":"Could not update RSVP, please contact us.","err5":"Could not find RSVP, please try again.","err6":"Invalid Validation code.","err7":"Could not create a RSVP please try later.","err8":"You can only RSVP once for this event.","succ":"Thank you for submitting your rsvp","succ_n":"Sorry to hear you are not going to make it to our event.","succ_m":"Thank you for updating your rsvp","succ_c":"Great! we found your RSVP!"}}
Disclaimer: We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our site. By continuing to use the site you agree to our use of cookies. Please see the About page for further information as to how the data sets have been compiled and to find out more about cookies.
Greetings to all of you fellow Viewlet Authors, all over the globe. Can you believe that another year has already flown by? The end of 2017 is just a few days away and as usual at this time of year, let us take a moment or so to slow down from the fast pace we may find ourselves in during these holidays and reflect on this past year. I'm sure we've all had many successes to be proud of, as well as some not-so-great failures too. This year, for many, may have been a struggle, but even in the toughest times, we can be thankful for the good in our lives along with the riches we may oftentimes take for granted such as family, good friends and all that goes with this.
It is with these thoughts in mind that we at Qarbon want to thank all of you, our loyal Viewlet Authors and customers (of ViewletBuilder, ViewletCentral and Composica). Whether you are long time fans, are have just joined the Qarbon family recently, welcome and thanks for your continued loyalty and business. We realize that without all of you, there would not be a Qarbon, nor the millions, possibly billions, of Viewlets world-wide today.
Qarbon has been working diligently on the next release of ViewletBuilder9 this past quarter. There are new features that we are really excited to offer as well as additional publishing opps to make your Viewlets even more accessible across all platforms. All of this will continue to follow Qarbon's business model when it comes to our software products, which is 'ease-of-use' for all authors and developers. So, ViewletBuilder9 will continue to offer features and tools for every level of Viewlet creators, from basic to intermediate to even very advanced users. Be on the look for it in 2018!
Finally, please check out our best wishes video to all of you fellow Qarbon enthusiasts and Viewlet Authors for this upcoming year.
Over the past few weeks, we have been flooded with leaks and rumors surrounding the upcoming Samsung Galaxy Note 9, giving us a fair idea of what to expect. Now, what seems like an official render of 
Max vision display, 3D glass back. Enjoy edge-to-edge views on a new stunning 5.7" full HD display with a beautifully designed back
Feb 18, - Free muslim video sex chat sites. But where do we get the money for all this? What she could have findolo.eu camera online. Wallpaper bright and fresh, new curtains were playing soft colors. Sewed. Mar 14, - Free muslim video sex chat sites. You were such a cute little boy! Love you! And at the moment I love, boy Come on, sweetheart, pee on me! You see, Mom held up to a trickle and your pen and mouth. No registration free webcam women muslim. Between his legs dangled something unimaginable. I fucked a bunch of guys. I looked through various mountain porn. Chatville. But never ever have I seen.
Ullensaker/Kisa IL friidrett have the pleasure of inviting all of our Nordic and Baltic friends to the annual Nordic Junior Championships in Combined Events 2018.
The championships will be organised at Jessheim friidrettsstadion, Ullensaker, Norway, 9th-10th of June.
A blog about books and publishing, aimed at both readers and writers. Listed by the Guardian in 2005 as one of the top ten literary blogs.
It never hurts a writers career if he can contrive to be a member of one or other of the various clubs, gangs, secret societies, mafias, and triads which permeate British society.
Lets see now. Theres the public-school gang, which used to be the only important one, and probably still is in the City of London; its influence in publishing should not be underestimated either. Then theres the ex-military brigade: moustaches and cavalry-twill trousers, though in London they wear a town suit, naturally; they walk briskly and swing a mean umbrella. Next theres the Welsh mafia, or Taffia: lets put it this way, if youre a schoolteacher and you were born and bred in Surrey, you can forget all about being appointed as a headmaster in Wales. And we havent even touched on the more formal groupings, such as the Freemasons, Rotarians, and Mensa.
How you get to be a fully paid-up member of any of these groupings is a mystery to me. I have never been any good at this kind of networking. It is apparently not enough to be, say, a former sergeant in the Royal Corps of Signals; you have to be somehow known in those circles. Known for opening beer bottles with your teeth, perhaps; or screwing the Colonels wife and getting away with it.
Anyway, as I say, it never hurts if a writer has one or more of these groupings on his side, and the British novelist Jake Arnott has evidently managed to become a made man in at least two of them: the literary lot and the gay gang.
At some time in the not too distant past, Jake Arnott wrote a novel, called The Long Firm. Somehow or other he brought it to the attention of Jonny Geller, who is one of the UKs leading literary agents; and if you told me that this introduction was effected by the gay mafia I would not be at all surprised. Just dont try telling me, please, that Mr Arnotts novel was of such outstanding quality that it leapt, unaided, out of Gellers 1200-a-year slush pile. Because I would find that very difficult to believe.
Geller, of course, is sufficiently famous to be mentioned and occasionally interviewed in the press all on his own. And it is his habit to sell books to publishers for large sums of money. Which is what he did for Jake Arnott. The Long Firm was sold to Hodder/Sceptre for the customary six-figure sum, i.e. 100,000. Allegedly. The small-print details of these contracts are never made public.
Well, if a publisher is investing that sort of money, several things follow. There were the usual moody photographs of the author, featuring the lovely Jake in a sharp suit; it was bought from a charity shop, apparently, but it was sharp nevertheless. And there were press interviews and bits on TV. And advertising. And reviews, of course, nearly all of which were favourable. Well, lets face it, if Geller is behind the book and Hodder has bought it for 100,000 its got to be good, right?
And then, in due course, Geller sold the TV rights to the BBC, which filmed The Long Firm in four parts, the last of which was shown on Wednesday of this week. And, once again, many of the reviews were favourable. Everybody said how wonderful the acting was. Which is true; but then the acting in British television dramas normally is brilliant; its the writing which so often leaves much to be desired.
There is, however, just one small fly in this otherwise gloriously greasy ointment. Like many another highly hyped book, The Long Firm isnt as good as its cracked up to be. I myself gave it 40 pages and then abandoned it. And I am not alone; it is not just grumpy old me. Visit, for instance, the Literary Saloons Complete Review, and you will find there the judgement that the British reviews of the book are dumbfoundingly enthusiastic. Our only explanation is that these Brit-crits still live with so much 60s and Kray nostalgia that they read through glasses so rose-coloured that they remain oblivious to the actual quality of the work (or lack thereof). Complete Reviews conclusion on The Long Firm is: C+. Overlong and simply not gripping enough.
The Complete Review and I are not the only people whose enthusiasm is limited. Where, I ask politely, are the Arnott groupies? True, there are some five-star reviews on the Amazon.co.uk site, but there are also some which speak of The Long Firm as being fair to middling, interesting but ultimately frustrating, and totally pedestrian. And where are the Arnott fans websites, a la Neal Stephenson? Google dont reveal them.
Meanwhile, however, Mr Arnotts various mafias continue to work on his behalf. The magazine Aittitude declared him to be one of Britains 50 most influential gay men. Influential? Arnott? Who, precisely, has he influenced, and in what respect? Hardly in the Peter Mandelson class, is he?
And in the Guardian, a recent article tells us that, in literary terms [The Long Firm] was a tour de force: a startling break with the dehumanising irony that runs through English fiction. Uh-huh. Crime literature was shown up as the over-literary affair it had become - a sick, cliquish genre. Well you could have fooled me. Far from being sick, crime fiction strikes me as being in a robust state of health. And as for being cliquish -- well, the crime fiction writers and readers would have to work hard to be more cliquish than the literary lot, that's for sure.
Let none of the above, please, be interpreted as a statement, either explicit or implicit, that I begrudge Mr Arnott his fame and his fortune. I never begrudge a writer any sort of success, because it is, all too often, both transitory and illusory. In this particular case, Mr Arnott's fame is localised at best. My milkman hasnt heard of him (I checked this morning); on the other hand, my milkman does know who Katie Price is. And as for the money  well, in publishing and television theres never quite as much there as the publicity suggests.
Should you wish to read about an English crime-fiction writer who also sets his work in the 1960s, but to much better effect than Arnott, please come back on Monday. All being well, I will provide details then.
Barry Cryer is not exactly a household name, even in the UK. But he appears on television and radio quite a lot, usually telling stories about show-business personalities that he has worked with over the years. Now he has put together a book of such stories: Pigs Can Fly. And, in spite of the sole lukewarm review (three stars) on Amazon.co.uk, its actually a very funny book.
Cryer is nearly 70 years old, and he started to mix with the great comedians of the post-war era at a very early age. Over the years he has written gags and scripts for virtually all of them: Max Miller, Tony Hancock, Peter Cooke, Frankie Howerd, Kenny Everett, Spike Milligan, Benny Hill, and so forth. And even if he hasnt worked with them at some point, he knows a story about them.
Pigs Can Fly is simply an anthology of anecdotes about these people. And since, in addition to being famous, most of them were richly eccentric, its a thoroughly entertaining read. This is an ideal book for the smallest room in the house  or whatever you happen to call the toilet/lavatory/bog/loo/crapper/bathroom.
Incidentally, and not that its remotely relevant to Barry Cryer, but in a house in Pont Street, London, I once saw a genuine lavatory cistern made by one Thomas Crapper. And, lo and behold, the firm still exists. The website tells us that it is popularly thought that Mr. Crapper invented the W.C., and that the vulgar word for faeces is a derivative of his name, but neither belief is true. However, etymologists attest that the American word, crapper, for the W.C. is directly from his name. So now you know.
Yesterday afternoon I was phoned by a young lady from Brussels, who wanted to know if I would read her new novel with a view to publishing it. For a variety of reasons I had to decline, but I did try to offer her some advice as to how she might best proceed.
This little encounter reminded me that it is not at all easy to help writers to advance their careers. Sometimes the advice one offers can be misinterpreted, leading to even greater confusion and frustration than was present in the first place. For instance
A few years ago I attended a conference for playwrights and screenwriters. As usual, a number of professionals gave seminars and advised us all on how to get our work produced.
One of the speakers was a man who worked as a script editor at a television company which specialised in situation comedies. This mans job was to sift through the 10 or 15 scripts that were received each week and try to see if he could find something which was worth developing.
The editor told us that he had once been sent a script which was set at the time of the miners strike of 1984. Younger readers will not remember, but that particular industrial dispute was both protracted and bitter; it involved running battles between scores of miners on the one hand and scores of police on the other.
The sitcom script featured two main characters who were a gay couple. Bill was a miner, and Fred was a policeman. The opening scene of the script was set in a hospital ward. Bill was lying in bed and Fred had come to visit him. The opening dialogue went like this:
Actually, since the action of the sitcom was set in Yorkshire, and the script was written in broad Yorkshire dialect, it looked more like this:
The editor who read this script quite liked it. It was certainly better than the average submission, so he decided to spend a little time on it. He wrote an encouraging letter to the author, saying that, with work, the idea might be worth further consideration. He did have to point out, however, that a sitcom is supposed to be, first and foremost, a comedy, rather than a drama. The main problem at present, he wrote, is that the script hasnt got enough jokes in it.
Six weeks later the editor received a revised script. This time the opening dialogue went as follows:
BILL: Ah were orl reet till thee it me ont napper with thi truncheon! By the way, have you heard the one about
If you want to know about Shaws life, there are lots of biographical summaries to choose from on the net; heres one which will do. For the moment, however, I intend to write about the play rather than the playwright.
Man and Superman was Shaws twelfth play. It was written in 1901 and first performed in 1904. In essence it is a first-class comedy of manners, rather similar (in my view) to The Importance of Being Earnest. The plot is mainly about a very determined young woman -- a powerful feminist, in modern parlance -- who finally gets her man despite equally determined opposition from the young man himself. There are lots of good laughs in it, it is exceptionally well written, and Shaw was so far ahead of his time that it doesnt feel dated.
So far so good. That would have been quite enough for most people. But Shaw, of course, wanted to make more of it. He saw the play in mythic terms (whatever that means, but thats what the critics say). Shaw himself declared that he had taken the legend of Don Juan in Mozartian form and made it a dramatic parable.
Well thats clear enough, isnt it? What it meant, in practical terms, was that Shaw introduced a third act which was a long dream sequence. In this dream, the male and female leads find themselves in hell (which turns out to be preferable to heaven), chatting amicably to the Devil himself. And the problem with this long chat is that it isnt dramatic at all. Its overlong, excessively wordy, and barely sustains the audiences interest.
In the original 1904 production, this third act was left out entirely, and what is now the fourth act was played as the third -- a move which was, in my judgement, a very definite favour to everyone. Played as a three-acter, Man and Superman fills a normal sort of an evening and provides excellent entertainment. Played as Shaw intended it, with four acts and including the dream sequence, it runs to three and a half hours and tests the patience. Oh, and Nietzsche is mentioned quite a lot. So dont say you werent warned.
Why, then, was this tedium inflicted upon the audience of the Theatre Royal, Bath, on Friday last? (Resulting, I may say, in a thinner audience than usual.) Because, my friends, this particular production was part of the Peter Hall Companys summer season, and Sir Peter is, after all, a man devoted to serious theatre. I suppose he wanted to be true to the playwrights intentions, which is terribly noble but, for once, quite unnecessary. The first producer got it right when he left out act three.
Dan Poynter and Danny O. Snow are the joint authors of a book called U-publish. To quote their own description, its a guide to independent book publishing (also called self-publishing or alternative publishing) using the latest technologies to lower costs and reach readers more directly. If you are a writer and youre interested in finding a way to publish your work without beating your head against the brick wall of publishers indifference (and sometimes outright hostility), you could do a lot worse than read it.
However, that book is not my subject today. What prompts me to mention Poynter and Snow is that they issue a monthly newsletter, full of various bits and pieces in addition to plugs for their book and other services; and in the latest version of this newsletter they quoted a no doubt deeply felt exchange between two American winners of the Nobel Prize for Literature.
First, William Faulkner, speaking of Ernest Hemingway: He has never been known to use a word that might send a reader to the dictionary.
On this matter I am firmly with Hemingway. The whole point of the novel, as I frequently make plain in these columns, is to arouse emotion. And the emotion which one seeks to arouse is seldom puzzlement. It follows, therefore, that regular, run-of-the-mill words will serve best.
In my youth, I read books by both these writers. Hemingway, it seemed to me, could be read by any reasonably intelligent teenager. Faulkner, on the other hand, was unhelpfully obscure. In those days I was young and nave enough to take the Times Literary Supplement seriously, and I remember reading an article about Faulkner which described him as sometimes writing sentences which were a whole page long. And I believe that was true. But whereas the TLS spoke of this practice with a kind of awe, I personally could not bring myself to conclude that deliberate obscurity was a virtue. Neither do I think so today. So I side with Hemingway.
Incidentally, I once met a man who was mentioned in one of Hemingways novels. His name was Red Smith.
Back in 1958 I was working as a copy boy on the New York Herald Tribune (its a long story). The paper had a number of eminent columnists, and Red Smith was the chief sports writer. He had begun writing for the paper in 1945, and was soon recognised as one of the most literate, witty and wise commentators in the business. By 1950 he was famous enough for Hemingway to use his name in Across the River and Into the Trees; the hero, as I recall, sits in a caf, reading Red Smith. And, from the general context, it was clear that Hemingway was a fan.
In the spring of 1958 Red Smith was featured on the cover of Newsweek magazine, which was a very big deal indeed. In those days, Newsweek was second only to Time in prestige (and possibly circulation); the cover normally featured presidents, giants of industry, and big-time movie stars, so for a sports writer to make it was a massive achievement.
My favourite Red Smith column was about the short-sighted baseball player who was a star hitter. Well call him Jim. Go out and hit one over the whisky ad, Jim, his team-mates called out to him. What whisky ad? said Jim, which was how they found out he was short-sighted. So the team manager took him off to the optician and had him fitted with glasses. After which, naturally, Jim couldnt hit the ball at all. For years hed been seeing this big fuzzy grapefruit coming at him and hed been whacking it all over the park. But now that hed got glasses the thing looked so small, and he just couldnt find out where it was any more. There was more in the same vein.
Even before the Newsweek cover, Smith seldom needed to come into the Herald Tribune office; he would just go to the game, or the fight, and then phone in his copy. But once in a while he did appear, and he was treated, quite rightly, like some sort of god descending from Mount Olympus.
On one such occasion he actually sat in the newsroom and typed out his stuff there and then. And when he had finished it he called out, as was the custom, Copy! And I, having hovered long enough and near enough, was the one who took it from him and carried it over to the sub-editors. Which is how I came to meet a man who is mentioned in one of Hemingways novels.
Henry Porter is a name that Ive gradually become aware of over the past year or two. But, until recently, I had steadfastly declined to pick up one of his books.
Why so? Well, because one normally becomes aware of a writer as a result of publishers hype. And hype, all too frequently, is based on a lack of substance. It is the result of a kind of barter system which operates between publishers on the one hand and newspaper columnists on the other: free lunches, advertising, and other benefits are exchanged for column inches. Reality and true quality, not to mention entertainment value, are factors which seldom enter the equation.
However, I recently succumbed to temptation, as I so frequently do, and bought a secondhand paperback copy of Mr Porters Empire State.
Given my views about hype, as described above, I was not too impressed to find Jeremy Paxman quoted on the front cover as saying that Empire State had me turning the pages through the night. Well yes, Jeremy, I felt like responding. You may very well have turned these pages through the night  but did you actually read any of them?
These initial doubts were not assuaged when I opened the book and found that, on the acknowledgements page, Mr Paxman is warmly thanked for helping to dream up the plot of the book during the course of a very idle afternoon by the river. We can all get helpful quotes from our mates.
It was a pleasant surprise, after all this, to find that the book is a very professional piece of work. Its an espionage-based thriller, I suppose, featuring mainly British intelligence staff seeking to prevent a 9/11 type terrorist coup. The early chapters are a little confusing perhaps, and the ending is a tad predictable. Furthermore, the bad guys give in a trifle too conveniently at the end. But this is a commercial novel were talking about, and overall the book is a very passable read. I am inclined to look out some of his earlier stuff and give it a go.
A few caveats are, however, in order. The preliminary pages of the paperback edition give copious quotes from favourable reviews of the book in the major newspapers. In relation to these, you should remember (a) what I said in paragraph two of this post, and (b) that Henry Porter is a very well connected journalist. At one time he edited the Atticus column in the Sunday Times, and he is the British editor of the American magazine Vanity Fair. He also writes for the Guardian, the Observer, and others. Its not too difficult to get your book widely reviewed with an address book like that. (And if you want to know more about him you can read an interview here.)
I also have to report that some reviewers were not as enthusiastic as those quoted by the publisher. Mike Jecks, in Shots magazine, declared that the book didnt feel quite as believable as, say, Frederick Forsyth in his heyday, and that there was a sense of emptiness in the middle. And even in the Guardian Joan Smith declared that the authors grasp of Middle Eastern history is superficial.
Charles Drazin's book In Search of The Third Man is, as I said at the beginning of this series of posts, one of the most interesting books that I've read in a long time. And since this blog is mainly about books and writers (rather than films), I have to say that the one thing that Drazin demonstrates is that the cinema is very definitely not a writer's medium.
True, the scriptwriter, Graham Greene, got his own way about more or less everything; he was not dissatisfied with the end product. But he had to suffer endless suggestions for 'improvement' from the likes of David O. Selznick; and few writers, I suspect, would have the emotional resilience and the strength of character to fight as Greene fought. Another factor, of course, is that few of us have the international reputation, both as novelist and screenwriter, that Greene had. The average writer on a film project is treated as is he were one of the cleaners, and his dialogue is rewritten by anyone who thinks he can do better; which is everyone, including the studio cat.
A final thought, if you're interested in Graham Greene: Maud Newton had a piece about Greene on 8 July, and it contains a number of links.
Another point which Drazin demonstrates clearly is that the movie business is, above all, a team game. The director is in charge, but even he will have to contend with the producer, the distributor, the man who does the music, the film editor, and a host of others. Not to mention the actors, who may have their own ideas as to what the film is all about, and how to play their parts. All of these factors have to meld into some sort of whole, and if a success emerges it is more by the grace of God than anything else. Though all participants will subsequently claim that their contribution, naturally, was the key to the whole thing.
The Third Man created, or enhanced, the reputations of almost all the talent involved. Orson Welles was the one who benefited most, though his performance was not all that startling. Joseph Cotten admired Welles as a director, but was not greatly impressed with him as an actor. And Welles himself had his doubts. He begged Reed to let him do repeated takes of one scene -- 37 attempts in all -- and Carol Reed let him. But Reed already knew that he was going to use take 3, which he did. And as Welles went on and on, trying to get it right, the result got worse and worse.
Overall, the film won the Grand Prix at the 1949 Cannes Film Festival, which was a just reward. In the following spring, there were three nominations for individual Oscars: Robert Krasker was listed for best black-and-white photography; Carol Reed for direction; and Oswald Hafenrichter, editing. Of these three, only Krasker won.
Just to emphasise the point that movie-making is a team game, it is worth pointing out that Krasker did not, in fact, shoot some of the key scenes in the film! There were three units at work in Vienna: Krasker was in charge of the night unit, Stan Pavey the sewer unit, and Hans Schneeberger the day unit. There was also a 'second unit', headed by John Wilcox, which had the task of filming 'less important' shots while the main unit was setting up something considered vital.
The result of this policy was that the second unit actually filmed what turned out to be the most famous shot in the whole film: the one where Harry Lime's face is suddenly lit up as he stands in a shadowed doorway. Similarly, the final scene on the cemetery road was shot by Hans Schneeberger. Yet Krasker got the Oscar. Such are the quirks of fate and circumstance.
I hope that by now I have persuaded you to see The Third Man, if you have not done so already. But -- whatever you do -- don't watch it on Sky. Because sure as eggs, when you get to that final scene, some superannuated cretin with a loud voice will burst in upon you and demand that you stay tuned and watch Dumb and Dumber Part 64, which follows next.
I mentioned in an earlier post that Carol Reed's film The Third Man is famous for a number of reasons, and one of them is the final shot of the film.
What happens in this shot has, I think, already been mentioned. Anna Schmidt (played by Alida Valli) has just seen her lover Harry Lime buried -- for good this time. She leaves the cemetery and makes her way down a long dreary road. Holly Martins (Joseph Cotten) passes her in a jeep driven by Major Calloway. Martins persuades Calloway to drop him off, and then he walks back to meet Anna. When she reaches him he tries to find the right word to say, but she ignores him and walks straight past.
Charles Drazin tells us how this scene came to be shot the way it was. The camera was set up and Alida Valli was taken some way down the road. But Carol Reed wanted her further away, so Guy Hamilton, the assistant director, picked her up in the jeep and drove her to the very end of the road. Then he drove back to the camera and director. When the director was ready, Hamilton waved to the actress, who was now a dot in the far distance, and she began to move.
As she walked -- and walked, and walked -- Hamilton and Reed discussed how the film should end, and whether they should show the final credits over this shot, and so forth. So the actress was filmed walking pretty much for ever.
The director and his assistant joked about the fact that, in those days, it was usual to play the national anthem at the end of a film, and most people bolted for the door as soon as it appeared that a film was over. Would people stay and watch this scene, the two men wondered.
Gradually, it seems to have dawned on Reed that, if he used this enormously long walk, more or less in full, with Kara's amazing zither music to accompany it, it would make a powerful and moving end to the film.
At any rate, it made a powerful and moving ending as far as anyone with any intelligence is concerned. At the age of sixteen I had a fierce argument with a contemporary (not a bright lad) who argued that the ending was 'stupid' and ruined the film. I told him that it was the best part of the whole thing. I was right, of course.
However, it has to be admitted that the ending was a bit subtle and highbrow for the average punter. It required, perhaps, an intelligent European to appreciate it properly, and I don't suppose Selznick liked it much. But the zither music, if nothing else, held the audience's attention worldwide.
In about 1960 I saw a showing of this film in the Arts Cinema in Cambridge. As Anna Schmidt began her final walk up that long avenue, the projectionist decided that the film was over. He began (a) to draw the curtains across the screen, and (b) to put the house lights on. There was very nearly a riot. In my view the audience would have been fully justified in dragging him outside and hanging him from the nearest lamp post.
In that year I was ten years old, so I remember aspects of that time quite clearly. One thing I do remember -- and it is something which may not be readily understood by younger readers -- is that, in those days, most people did not have a gramophone. Not even one of those wind-up versions, with a big horn on the end. The only way in which most people could hear recorded music was over the radio. And 'over the radio' meant, for all practical purposes, the BBC.
The BBC at that time had three radio stations. One was called the Home Service, and it concentrated mostly on news, talk programmes, and some light entertainment. The Light Programme was the only station which broadcast popular music, most of which was live but in the evenings there were occasional programmes which featured what would now be called 'pop records'. There was a third BBC radio station, which was not unnaturally called the Third Programme, but this broadcast only in the evenings and was strictly highbrow -- classical music, serious talks, serious drama.
The effect of this situation was that, if a record of a pop song became popular, everybody -- and I mean everybody -- in the entire nation knew about it. Today, I have absolutely no idea what the number one pop record of the day is, and neither, I suspect, have you. The 'hit parade', or whatever they call it these days, is of interest only to teenagers. You and I have our own tastes in music, and we tune in to whatever radio station suits us. But in 1949 the choice was the Light Programme or nothing. Hence everybody knew and heard what was popular.
The reason for this long preamble is that the situation which prevailed in 1949 goes a long way to explaining why the film The Third Man became such a massive hit. It succeeded very largely because of the background music, the main theme of which was issued as a 78 rpm record and became a truly massive hit, known to every single man, woman and child in the UK. And later, when the film was released in the USA, much the same occurred there. It will therefore be illuminating, I believe, to take note of just what that music was, and how the director of the film, Carol Reed, came to choose it.
What happened was this. Soon after the arrival of Carol Reed and his crew in Vienna, they were given a welcome party. Sitting in a corner of the room was a man called Anton Karas, and he was playing a zither. His job was to provide background music while people talked, drank, and ate.
A zither is apparently unknown outside Austria. It is a stringed instrument, usually placed flat on the knee, and plucked somewhat like a guitar; it has been described as sounding something like a cross between a guitar and a barrel organ. Karas himself was a completely unknown musician (in fact he couldn't even read music). He was essentially supplied to the party just as if he was part of the catering team -- he was there to add a little local colour.
To cut a long story short, Carol Reed liked what he heard, and he decided that he would use Karas -- and Karas only -- to provide the background music for his film. The zither was, after all, absolutely redolent of the city. Reed's decision did not go down well with the money men back in London, and he had to fight hard to get his way, but he won.
When the film came out, Anton Karas's recording of 'The Third Man Theme' was released at the same time. Within a month it had sold 500,000 copies, a huge number for that era. Over the years since then, sales have totalled 40 million!
Anton Karas -- the modest and unknown man who couldn't even read music -- became, for a while, an international star. Technically, he was not entitled to a penny from the sheet-music and record sales, but fortunately for him the producers of the film generously gave him a half share. After the fuss was all over, he returned home to his wife and family in Vienna and bought a small bar. It was called, to no one's surprise, 'Der Dritte Mann'. He was welcomed back in Vienna as a hero, because he had restored a sense of pride to that much-battered city.
Shortly before the The Third Man's release, Carol Reed's masterpiece was viewed by Sir Arthur Jarratt, the Chairman of the distributing company, British Lion. Jarratt sent a telegram to the director, congratulating him on what looked likely to be a successful film. There was, he said, only one problem: 'Please take off the banjo.' Such are the amazing insights which are afforded to us by the bean-counters of this world.
Carol Reed showed the letter to his assistant director, Guy Hamilton. 'They don't know a fucking thing,' he said, and threw the letter away in disgust. Hamilton retrieved it, and, eighteen months later, used it to blackmail Jarratt into giving him his first directing job. Moral: when your boss reveals himself to be a compete fool, always hang on to the evidence. It may come in useful later.
The casting of the film The Third Man seems to have been a fairly chaotic process. In his book In Search of the Third Man, Charles Drazin devotes several pages to describing how everybody and his brother was considered for one or other of the main parts at one stage or another.
The three male leads in the film are Harry Lime, eventually played by Orson Welles, his friend Holly Martins (Joseph Cotten), and Major Calloway (Trevor Howard). Among the actors who were suggested for these parts were Cary Grant, James Stewart, Robert Taylor, Robert Mitchum, Rex Harrison, Ralph Richardson, and even (apparently) Noel Coward. In the end, the casting was a compromise. The director (Carol Reed) didn't want Cotten, and the producer (David O. Selznick) did not want Welles.
Orson Welles is certainly the most famous name of any of them today, but in 1948, when casting took place, Welles was regarded as box-office poison. He himself was not particularly interested in the part, seeing it merely as a payday which would enable him to go off and pursue other projects. He signed the contract readily enough (he would sign anything) but then disappeared. When eventually found, in Rome, he took some persuading to go to Vienna.
Even when he arrived, he was not particularly co-operative. His part was essentially a small one, and quite a lot of the scenes in which he appeared were set in Vienna's sewers. Welles took one look at these, and inhaled one breath of the atmosphere, and declared that he wasn't going anywhere near them. So any sewer scenes which included Welles had to be shot back at Shepperton Studios, in England.
Today, of course, we know that Welles dominates the picture. No one remembers much about The Third Man except that Orson Welles starred in it. But that was not the way it appeared to the participants at the time.
About twenty-five years ago, I wrote a couple of scripts for the American producer and director Sheldon Reynolds. Sheldon told me that, originally, Trevor Howard was offered the part of Harry Lime. Howard, however, read the script, and found that Harry Lime appeared on only eleven pages of it. Major Calloway, on the other hand, had a great deal of screen time. So Howard said thanks very much, he would pass on the Harry Lime part but he would gladly play the English Major.
Drazin doesn't tell us this story, so he either doesn't know about it or doesn't believe it. And indeed it does sound a bit questionable to me. Given the general chaos which surrounded casting, it may be true. But it sounds to me like one those amusing and self-deprecating stories which may have gradually developed in the mind of Trevor Howard to entertain his drinking buddies. And Howard, of course, was a strong contender for the much-contested title of the world's most frequently pissed actor. Cotten was also a heavy drinker, and Welles only agreed to turn up for shooting after one of the director's minions got him thoroughly drunk.
Finally, lest anyone accuses us of sexism, we must record that Selznick at least saw the film as a vehicle for Alida Valli. Now a forgotten name, she was at that time something of a hot property. And indeed she played her part so well that one almost takes her for granted.
The script of The Third Man was written by Graham Greene, and in his fascinating book In Search of the Third Man, Charles Drazin gives a detailed account of how the original story developed in Greene's mind.
By 1948, Graham Greene was already a novelist with an established international reputation. He had also worked successfully with Carol Reed on a previous film, The Fallen Idol. So Alexander Korda commissioned Greene to write a story set against the Four-Power occupation of post-war Vienna.
Greene duly took off and spent two weeks in Vienna, soaking up the atmosphere; this period of research was followed by eight weeks in Italy, which was probably a great deal more comfortable.
Drazin devotes many pages to analysing the origins of The Third Man storyline, and anyone who is interested in the creative process could usefully read the book for the details. Suffice it to say here that Greene was a complex character. During the second world war he had worked for British intelligence, where he was a close colleague of Kim Philby. And Philby, many years later, proved to have been a Russian spy, working at the very heart of the British counter-espionage service! Drazin speculates that Harry Lime was at least partly based on Philby. Both men, the real one and the fictional one, seem to have been amiable and personable, and yet totally untrustworthy.
Once a draft script was available (and even before), the American producer, David O. Selznick, began to meddle with the story.
Selznick is chiefly famous, I suppose, for having produced Gone with the Wind. Over forty years ago I was told a scandalous story about him, and even now I cannot find it on the internet so I will not repeat it here. I will only say that the story portrayed him as utterly ruthless and quite brutal, ready to take any steps to get his own way. And, not surprisingly, since he had invested money in the project, Selznick had plenty to say about the story of The Third Man.
The European talent seem to have regarded Selznick as an unmitigated nuisance. Greene and Reed were required to fly to America for story conferences, of course, and they were obliged to sit through endless 'suggestions'. Even when they were back in Europe, the flow of memos continued. Their technique for dealing with Selznick seems to have been to nod sagely at everything he said, and then to ignore him entirely.
Strangely enough, however, I find myself sympathising with Selznick. One thing is obvious: Selznick understood perfectly the nature of the relationship between materials and effects. And he also knew his audience. Selznick is often portrayed as a vulgar showman, catering to the lowest taste of the great American public. But Drazin's account of his interventions in the scripting of The Third Man reveal that he was always thinking of how the film would look to the average Joe.
To give but one illustration. Harry Lime's first entrance, when his face is unexpectedly lit up in a doorway, is one of the great moments in movie history. But Selznick wanted to know what Harry Lime was doing in the goddamned doorway in the first place. This is not at all an unreasonable question.
Over and over again, Selznick's memos reveal an underlying concern with one important question: what is going to be the emotional effect of this scene on the average member of the public? And that, as I may conceivably have mentioned before, is what the whole business of making movies is all about.
Selznick worried about the character of Harry Lime. Why does Harry have to be such a shit? And if he had to be such a shit, did he have to be American? Joseph Cotten's character, another American, wasn't a shit, but he was a fool. Meanwhile the Brits, Trevor Howard and his sidekick, were out and out good guys. This didn't seem right to Selznick, and he tinkered endlessly with this and that. In the end, everything stayed pretty much as Greene and Reed wanted it.
It is worth recording, perhaps, that Greene was interested in the glamour and attraction of evil. With Hitler and his cronies still warm in their graves, this was a theme of some significance. And what, Greene asks us, is our proper moral response to evil but attractive people, who may, after all, be our friends? The answer Greene gives is that, however regrettable the necessity, it is our duty to hunt them down and kill them.
No one fathers a failure, but (not suprisingly) a great many people later claimed to have made vital contributions to what was the enormous international success of The Third Man. Chief of these was Orson Welles.
Welles, it seems, made one modest suggestion about the script. He proposed that Harry Lime should say something along the lines of the following:
'In Italy, for thirty years under the Borgias, they had warfare, terror, murder, bloodshed -- but they produced Michelangelo, Leonardo da Vinci and the Renaissance. In Switzerland they had brotherly love, five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did that produce? The cuckoo clock.
This suggestion was incorporated into the script, and the lines later became famous. And in interviews, many years afterwards, Welles was happy to allow this one-off suggestion of his to drift into a generalised statement that he had 'written his own part'. Which demonstrably was not true. Every other line spoken by Welles (and there weren't many) was pure Greene.
The Swiss, incidentally, are still pretty damn sensitive about Harry Lime's sneer. Only recently a spokesman for the Swiss Embassy in London said very firmly that cuckoo clocks do not come from Switzerland. They originate in the Black Forest region of Germany. So there.
David O. Selznick was another one who seems to have been inordinately proud of his many 'suggestions' for the improvement of the film. And Graham Greene seems to have made it clear, in his own interviews after the film's release, that in his opinion Selznick had next to nothing to do with the quality of the script. Word of Greene's attitude inevitably got back to Selznick, and he ordered one of his assistants to write to Greene and say that he, Selznick, had been hearing that Greene was making 'derogatory remarks' about him.
I suggest that you tell Mr Selznick that he should pay as little attention to these stories as I pay to the American stories that Mr Selznick was responsible for writing the script of The Third Man.
In Search of the Third Man, by Charles Drazin (Methuen, 1999, and paperback 2000), is one of the most interesting non-fiction books that I've read in a long time. It contains a number of stories and insights which are well worth highlighting, and which generate a few thoughts of my own. But first -- new readers start here.
The Third Man was a film made chiefly in Vienna in 1948/49. On its release it was one of the biggest hits of all time, both in Europe and the USA. It also won the Grand Prix at the Cannes film festival in 1949, so it was both a commercial and a critical success. The film was 'presented', i.e. financed, by Alexander Korda, who was British (though highly cosmopolitan), and David O. Selznick, who was American. The director was an Englishman, Carol Reed, and the original screenplay was by the English novelist Graham Greene.
The casting was also a mixture of US and UK talent. The 'stars', whose names mean comparatively little today, were Joseph Cotten and Alida Valli. Smaller parts went to Orson Welles, who played the central character, Harry Lime, and Trevor Howard, who played an English officer.
The film is set in post-war Vienna, a city which had been 'bombed about a bit', to put it mildly, and many of the scenes were shot on location. Other scenes were filmed in Shepperton studios in England. The studio scenes, oddly enough, include virtually all the famous sequences which appear to be shot in Vienna's sewers, and also the shot where Harry Lime's 'body' is dug up in the main Vienna cemetery.
The plot of the film revolves around post-war conditions in Vienna. At the time when the film was made, the inhabitants of that city were still suffering from the after-effects of the war. Not only was their city still largely in ruins, but the Viennese were living on an average of 1200 calories a day -- which is a form of slow starvation.
The film makes it clear that this miserable combination of time and place provides endless opportunities for racketeers. One such is an American, Harry Lime (Orson Welles). Harry, it turns out, is making big money by selling antibiotics on the black market. But he is not satisfied with just selling them: to boost his profits he dilutes them, which means that, even when patients are treated with Harry's high-priced drugs, they still die.
Harry's old friend (played by Joseph Cotten) arrives in Vienna and finds that Harry is, allegedly, dead. Only he ain't. Harry has become aware that the authorities (in the shape of Trevor Howard) are closing in on him, and he has found it politic to pretend to die. Even his long-suffering girlfriend (Alida Valli) thinks he's dead.
Eventually, everyone finds out that Harry is still alive. And when he makes a final attempt to escape justice, by fleeing through the sewers of Vienna, his old friend (Cotten) shoots him dead.
The Third Man is a classic of film history. If you haven't yet seen it, you should make the effort; it's easy enough to find on DVD. Be aware, however, that because of 'artistic differences' between the American Selznick on the one hand, and the Europeans (Korda and Reed and Greene) on the other, there were two different versions of the film released. The UK version is 104 minutes long, while Selznick put out a version at 93 minutes. This difference seems to be reflected in the various DVD versions. One DVD extra is the two versions of Joseph Cotten's opening voice-over statement, one to suit Selznick and one for the European market.
1. Orson Welles's performance. Most critics and film buffs agree that Welles dominates the movie, yet he is only on screen for about 11 or 12 minutes. The Harry Lime character is, however, talked about a good deal.
2. The music. Soon after his arrival in Vienna, Carol Reed heard a local musician, Anton Karas, playing an odd sort of Austrian guitar, called a zither. Reed decided to use this zither player as the sole source of background music in the film. Karas's recording of the theme from The Third Man was a massive hit on radio stations everywhere in 1949/50 and was a key factor in attracting the public into the cinema.
3. The ending. In the last scene of the film, Alida Valli leaves the wintry cemetery where Harry has at last been buried (for real, this time), and walks towards the camera along a straight, tree-lined avenue. She starts in the far distance. She walks steadily towards us, accompanied only by Karas's music, and walks straight past Joseph Cotten, with whom, in the average Hollywood movie, she might have been expected to walk off arm in arm.
So much for the necessary background. Some of the points worth making about all this will follow tomorrow.
Yesterday I made the point that theatres are in the business of selling emotion. And so, of course, are movie theatres; and, by extension, television companies which offer us movies. I also made the point that some of the people involved in these industries just don't get it. They work in the business, but they don't understand it. (Not an unusual occurrence in many walks of life, in my experience.)
All of which reminded me to share with you a letter which I recently wrote to the Customer Marketing Director of Sky television, in response to a letter of his which was sent to all Sky subscribers.
In your letter dated July 2004, about subscription changes, you say that there are no adverts during the film to interrupt your viewing.
What you do not say is that, before a film has properly finished, there will almost certainly be a voice-over advertising the next film on Sky, usually in tones which entirely ruin the mood which has just been created, at the expense of many millions of dollars, not least on the part of Sky.
I can only suppose that there is no one in a position of authority at Sky who has the faintest idea what the movie business is all about. And what it is all about is the creation of emotion. This is a highly skilled business, and films which can create emotion successfully tend to make a great deal of money. It is quite absurd, not to mention infuriating, to have some moron from Sky burbling on about the next attraction when one has not had time to absorb the emotion from the film one has just seen. Neither you nor anyone else at Sky would leap up from the table, at the end of an expensive meal, and rush off on a three-mile run. You would let the meal settle. That is precisely what is required at the end of a film. Not only should there be no voice-over before the thing has even ended, but a moment or two of silence after every frame of the final credits has run would also be welcomed.
Perhaps you might, just conceivably, be able to explain this to the brain-dead bean-counters who appear to run your organisation. But I would not bet money on your chances of success.
Larry Gelbart is a 76-year-old American writer. Last week he was interviewed by The Times in connection with a National Theatre revival of the musical A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum. This was a show which Gelbart co-wrote with Stephen Sondheim in 1962. (Can't find the link to this interview on The Times site, otherwise I would give it here. But the most interesting part of what Gelbart had to say is repeated below anyway.)
Both in his memoirs and in the Times interview, Gelbart relates the story of an incident which occurred during the Broadway run of Forum -- a show which, in case you've never heard of it, is a comedy.
What happened was this. One night, well into the performance, Gelbart was standing at the back of the stalls. The audience, as usual, was laughing a lot. One man, in an aisle seat near the stage, was having a particularly good time. In fact, he was laughing so much that he could eventually laugh no more. So, in a moment of complete surrender, he took his rolled-up raincoat off his knee and hurled it high in the air.
This story neatly illustrates a number of truths about the writer's task, and about the nature of the entertainment industry. Here are a few such truths for you to ponder:
2. In the theatre, the nature of the audience's emotional response to the material is immediately obvious; and the response will vary, of course, from audience to audience.
3. In the case of the novel, the reader's response is not so obvious, because most people read in private, but it is there all right.
4. If you are thinking about writing a novel (or a play), you would be well advised to ask yourself the following question: What is there in my novel which will cause my intended reader to hurl his raincoat into the air? If you can't think of anything, then you had damn well better invent something. Quick. Because that is the writer's job.
At this point you may be saying to yourself something along the following lines. Er, let me see now, if the writer's task is to create emotion in the reader, then it might be a good idea to learn something about emotion. Perhaps it would be a good idea to see what the scientists can tell us about the nature of emotion.
To which my response is, Yes, it bloody well would be a good idea to find out what science can tell us about emotion. Congratulations on heading in the right direction. (So many writers, bless their little cotton socks, are so determined to head off into the woods, in entirely the wrong direction. And they just won't be told.)
So now you go looking for learned tomes on emotion. Well, let me save you the trouble. There ain't any. Well, very few. Fact is, you see, the study of emotion is deeply unrewarding for scientists, and since scientists are certainly capable of adding two and two together and making four, they pretty soon recognise the futility of studying emotion and go off and study something else. Something which offers a better chance of career advancement.
The problem with emotion, you see, is that's it's slippery as hell. You just can't get it to stay still under the microscope. Keeps on flopping out and falling on the floor and mixing with last week's biscuit crumbs. And then your results just don't make any sense. And if there's one thing a scientist wants it's a nice clean set of results, which make a well defined line on the graph, and demonstrate beyond all reasonable doubt, to within two standard deviations, or whatever, that black is a murky shade of grey.
So you will search in vain for lengthy tomes on emotion. The best book that I have found, in forty years of looking, is Emotion -- The Science of Sentiment, by Dylan Evans (Oxford UP, 2001). It's a small book, only 200 pages long, and it tells you everything that science has so far managed to learn about human emotion. Which, as I said earlier, isn't much.
A harder read, but also worth looking at if you take the business of writing fiction (or drama) seriously, is The Molecules of Emotion by Candace Pert.
If you read these two books you will take on board such information as science can give us about the nature of emotion and how it is created. But unfortunately this will not give you the key to the cupboard of fame and fortune. Would that it did. Science does not provide us with a template for the perfect novel or play. As Walt Disney once remarked, 'Making movies is a bit less scientific than Russian Roulette.'
Nevertheless, if you have just understood that the whole point of your novel, or other writing endeavour, is to make that raincoat go up in the air, then you will at least be several streets ahead of the competition. Because so many people -- who otherwise show evidence of being reasonably compos mentis -- just do not get it at all.
A final point. There are two major problems in creating a work which generates positive emotion in an audience. The first problem is creating the work itself; and the second problem is persuading the powers that be that it is a work which will succeed when it is published or produced.
Larry Gelbart, whose story about the man with the raincoat kicked off this train of thought, was involved in creating the television version of MASH, which was perhaps the biggest smash-hit comedy series of them all. And before there was a TV series of MASH, there was a film called MASH. And before there was a film, there was a novel.
The author of the original novel, Richard Hooker, did not have fame and fortune thrust upon him, by publishers who immediately recognised the long-term emotional impact of his work. To be precise, his book was rejected by twenty-one publishers over a period of seven years before eventually finding a home.
Mind you, you should not fall into the trap of saying Aha! My book has been rejected by twenty-one publishers, so when it finally appears it will be as big as a success as MASH. Sorry, but it just doesn't work that way. That's the fallacy of the undistributed middle, or some such. Ask a logician.
Peter Carter-Ruck (who died in 2003) was an Englishman and a libel lawyer. Hence he was (a) always busy, and (b) rich. Towards the end of his career he published a sort of autobiography: Memoirs of a Libel Lawyer (Weidenfeld and Nicolson, 1990), a book which, though long-winded in places, is not without interest.
Carter-Ruck was born in 1914, and began to specialise in libel soon after the second world war ended. In his memoirs, he points out that libel has a long history: in ancient Rome the offence was publishable by death, and in 1585 the Chief Justice of England complained about the steady growth in the number of actions for defamation.
Despite the long history of the 'offence', English law provides what is, to my mind, a curiously loose definition of it. Libel and slander both involve defamation, and the best-known working definition of defamation is the following:
A statement concerning any person which exposes him to hatred, ridicule or contempt or which causes him to be shunned or avoided or which has a tendency to injure him in his office profession or trade.
This gives more than ample scope for anyone who is offended by almost anything to take action under the law. And they do, in their hundreds, it seems, every year.
A mere misplaced comma can cause endless trouble. In one case a newspaper wrote: 'Miss Y went to the caravan, where she was living with Mr X.' The reporter should have written: 'Miss Y went to the caravan, where she was living, with Mr X.' Or, better still, the reporter should have rephrased the sentence entirely, along the lines of 'Miss Y was living in a caravan at the time. She took Mr X to that caravan.' In any event, Miss Y was offended by the suggestion that she was cohabiting with Mr X, and the newspaper had to pay up.
In other words, from a writer's point of view, the law relating to libel provides a dangerous minefield, into which you venture at your own risk. Carter-Ruck's advice to writers is simple. To be certain that you will never be liable to pay damages for libel, you should 'refrain from writing, printing or publishing or distributing any written matter of whatsoever nature.'
Another interesting remark from this author is his comment that it is always important to have first novels read for libel. They are, he says, 'so often autobiographical and so often introduce fiction to enhance the story, the author overlooking the identifying details.' In other words, it is not much of a defence to cry 'But this is fiction!' if it is perfectly obvious to all your friends who you're writing about. And it is especially not much of a defence if the easily recognisable parties are depicted doing some naughty things over and above what they actually got up to in real life.
Yet another tip -- and, like the one above, it is something which you would have thought was fairly obvious but which is often overlooked. If you must write a novel, and you feature a doctor or a lawyer or an army officer, for God's sake check the official lists of these people and choose a name which isn't there. If you write a whodunit in which the murderer is a Dr Smith of Clapham, you really can't complain when an actual Dr Smith of that parish takes a dim view. But, as Carter-Ruck points out, even the BBC neglected this elementary precaution on one occasion, with expensive results.
The bulk of Carter-Ruck's memoirs are given over to accounts of famous libel cases in which he was involved, either acting on behalf of the allegedly libelled party, or on behalf of a newspaper or magazine.
Some of these cases make for entertaining reading, recalling as they do some of the great eccentrics of the recent past. Through these pages wander such luminaries as Randolph Churchill (son of Winston, and a fairly regular visitor to the libel courts), Professor Harold Laski (a mouth-frothing Socialist of the old school, disowned even by the 1945 Labour Party), and James Wentworth Day (a unreconstructed patrician, but absolutely no sort of fool). Amusing though these accounts of past cases are, one always has to remember, of course, that it was not quite so entertaining to be involved in such a case oneself.
Carter-Ruck was not solely involved in libel. He also handled obscenity cases, and he was the lawyer who advised George Weidenfeld that it was safe to proceed with the UK publication of Nabokov's Lolita in 1959. This was, let's face it, a pretty bold piece of advice, because the obscenity laws in the UK were in a pretty chaotic state at the time, and no UK printer would touch the book.
Another of Carter-Ruck's legal specialisms was copyright, and he was involved in the extraordinarily complicated saga of the film rights relating to some of the James Bond books -- an enterprise so complicated indeed that I will not attempt to summarise it here.
Carter-Ruck does not seem to have been an easy man to work with. For the first few decades of his professional life, he traded, so to speak, as the senior partner in Oswald Hickson Collier and Co. But by the late 1970s there were severe strains within the partnership. In 1981 Carter-Ruck finally walked out, taking several other employees and 1,500 client files with him. Never a particularly sensitive man, he set up shop as Peter Carter-Ruck & Partners, in the very same building as the firm he had just left. Within a few years, however, all those who had founded the new firm with him had left -- including his daughter.
Perhaps it is necessary to add that Carter-Ruck's most lasting fame derived from his almost perpetual battles with the magazine Private Eye, which invariably referred to him as Carter-Fuck. When he once asked them not to use that name, they substituted Farter-Ruck instead.
Carter-Ruck -- or whoever -- died on 19 December 2003. The obituaries were unusually frank. The Telegraph's version was fairly straightforward, but the Guardian's (registration required) was brutal. It was written by David Hooper, a former partner.
Hooper described Carter-Ruck as 'a chancer, out for the maximum fee', and a man 'who did for freedom of speech what the Boston Strangler did for door-to-door salesmen.' Hooper related that, when he challenged the head of the firm about an apparent piece of double-dealing, Carter-Ruck 'proved unable to give a truthful explanation.' In another instance, a client who lost a case which Carter-Ruck had encouraged him to pursue was told 'a pack of lies.' These are unusually strong verdicts on a man not yet buried.
The comment which I like best, however, was the one offered by the solicitor Oscar Beuselinck. Carter-Ruck, said Beuselinck, had 'that English look, where they smile at you and cut your balls off.'
Two reasons. One, a new computer is being delivered tomorrow. And two, next week there is the annual gathering of NAFAS, the national association of flowering arrangement societies, in Harrogate. Mrs GOB is a keen enthusiast for same, and indeed is chairman of the local branch, so we shall be attending. (And, since you're wondering, there are books on the subject, most of them exceptionally well printed.)
...is a 75-year-old Englishman who lives in Dorset, England. For more information on my books in digital form, visit my Amazon author page. Use the links in the box immediately below.
If you find that the text of this blog is either too small or too large for easy reading, you can alter the size of the font in your browser controls. Alternatively, press the CTRL key and roll the mouse wheel forward or back.
A 'search this blog' facility is available at the top left of the page. Unfortunately, it doesn't work very well. For a quick and dirty search, it might do. The only really satisfactory way to find anything on this blog is go to the main Google search page, enter the terms you wish to search for (using the usual double inverted commas around complete phrases, names, et cetera), and then type, without spaces, the word site, colon, and URL of the blog, without the www. and without spaces. This procedure is the one that I use when the built-in search device tells me that I haven't written about something when I know damn well that I have.
Can We Use Natural Gas For Fuel Cells is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Link: https://image.slidesharecdn.com/fuelcells-170410152247/95/fuel-cells-energy-production-india-7-638.jpg?cb=1491837787
Essay On Nature Our Best Friend is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Hairstyles For Dry Stretched Natural Hair is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
How To Remove Hair From Legs Naturally Without Pain is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Natural Black Teen is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Natural Ways To Get Rid Of Fibroids is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Pantene Moisturizer For Natural Hair is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Through the thousand pictures online with regards to beautiful ideas for small bathroom renovations, picks the top selections with best quality only for you all, and now this pictures is actually one among images selections in this best images gallery with regards to beautiful ideas for small bathroom renovations with regard to Household. Im hoping you can like it.
This kind of photograph (Brilliant Bathroom Renovation Ideas Atlart regarding beautiful ideas for small bathroom renovations with regard to Household) over can be classed with:submitted by simply admin at May, 23 2018. To discover all images throughout beautiful ideas for small bathroom renovations with regard to Household images gallery remember to comply with this kind of url.
Thank you for visiting Brilliant Bathroom Renovation Ideas Atlart regarding beautiful ideas for small bathroom renovations with regard to Household If you found any images copyrighted to yours, please contact us and we will remove it. We don't intend to display any copyright protected images. We hope you can find what you need here. We always effort to show a picture with HD resolution or at least with perfect images. Brilliant Bathroom Renovation Ideas Atlart regarding beautiful ideas for small bathroom renovations with regard to Household can be beneficial inspiration for those who seek an image according specific categories; you can find it in this site. Finally all pictures we have been displayed in this site will inspire you all.
36 Energia Fvn5092pw White Modern Bathroom Vanity W Three Panel in The Most Brilliant as well as Beautiful modern white bathroom vanities pertaining to Household Modern ...
Originally from Mississippi, Dr. Gibson moved to Gulf Breeze in 1985 where he attended all Gulf Breeze Schools and Graduated Salutatorian in 1996. Dr. Gibson received a Bachelor of Microbiology and Cell Science from the University of Florida in 2000 and graduated from the University of Florida College of Dentistry in 2004. Dr. Gibson then completed a one year Advanced Education in General Dentistry Residency Program at the Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Bay Pines, Florida in 2005. Dr. Gibson returned to his hometown in 2014 with his wife, Kacey and his two boys; Tucker and Sutter. Hobbies include fishing, soccer, watching college football-Florida Gators and Mississippi State Bulldogs, and spending time with his family. Member of: American Dental Association, Florida Dental Association, Academy of General Dentistry, Seattle Study Club, EscaRosa Dental Society, Gulf Breeze Rotary Club
University of Alabama School of Dentistry Native of Pensacola/Gulf Breeze, Florida Practiced in Pensacola and Gulf Breeze for over 30 years as Partner/Owner of Renfroe & Zieman, PA. Member of Gulf Breeze United Methodist Church since 1976. Past President of EscaRosa area Dental Association and active in Continuing Education with City of Five Flags Study Club and other electives.
My passion is my family; my wife Judy, sons Rick and David (wife Kerri), and four grandchildren; Katie, Dylan, Jordan, and Nicole. Other interests are fishing, boating and traveling. Throughout my dental career I have continuously improved my dental services with gentle delivery, quality of care and thoughtful consideration of my patients needs!
Loyola Dental School at New Orleans, LA. 40 years in General/Cosmetic Dentistry in Gulf Breeze. Navy Dental Corp. for three years after graduation. Active member of St. Anns Catholic Church
Married 40 years to Eleanor, with three successful children: Stephen, Sarah, and Caroline; and 3 fantastic grandchildren. Hobbies include gardening, boating, family, and all medias in two dimensional art, especially using acrylics, watercolors and pastels. Concentrating on non-objective and abstract paintings.
Memberships: Past President of Gulf Breeze Chamber of Commerce, Past President of Gulf Breeze Arts, Past Board Member at Pensacola Museum of Art, Past President of Fiesta of Flags, De Luna LX Fiesta Five Flags, Pensacola Junior College Board of Governors, Gulf Breeze Hospital-Vice Chairman of Community Board, Rotary International-Paul Harris Fellow
Professional Memberships: Past President of EscaRosa Dental, Florida Dental Association, American Dental Association, Academy of General Dentistry, Florida Academy Dental Practice Administration, Graduate of Pankey Institute for Advanced Dental Education, Local Seattle Study Club-Pensacola Five Flags
Dr. Nicklaus B. Heath, a native of Gulf Breeze, Florida, is thrilled to be joining the team of Gibson, Renfroe, and Zieman. Dr. Heath obtained his Bachelor of Arts in Communication from the University of West Florida followed by graduate studies in Interior Design and Architecture. Fusing art with science, he went on to earn his degree of Doctor of Dental Surgery from Stony Brook University on Long Island, NY and completed his General Practice Residency at New York Methodist Hospital in New York City further developing his passion for general and cosmetic dentistry. Dr. Heath is a member of the American Dental Association and serves on the Board of Directors for the Pensacola Children's Chorus. Nicklaus resides in the North Hill Historic District with his husband Sid Williams, Executive Director of the Pensacola Little Theatre.
Hi, my name is Cayla. I recently moved to Pensacola from Denver, CO and I am loving the beach life! I have had the pleasure of working in dentistry since 2001, I pride myself in going the extra mile for patients and keeping the dental office running smoothly. My goal is to always treat my patients the way I would want to be treated. On my free time, I enjoy exploring this beautiful place with my husband and pups. I look forward to meeting each and every patient.
As your accounts receivable specialist, I am here to work with you on the financial aspects of your dental needs. I enjoy helping our patients find a payment option that works best for them while allowing them to have the best smile possible! I was born and raised in Sacramento California and moved here to see what the Florida life was all about. Shortly after moving to the area I met my husband whom has been in the United States Air Force since 2003. After all of these years I am still here enjoying the beautiful beaches our area has to offer. I am the mother of three wonderful children two girls and a boy. We enjoy spending our free time partaking in youth sports and relaxing on the beach.
My name is Lynn Harris. Ive been a hygienist since 1989. I truly love my job and working with people. When Im not working, I enjoy traveling, fishing, golfing and anything outdoors.
Clarisa is a 1992 graduate of Pensacola Junior College, earning an Associate of Science degree in Dental Hygiene. She also completed her National Board certification and earned her Florida Licensure in 1992. She joined the staff at Drs. Gibson, Renfroe and Zieman in 1993.
I was born in Springfield, MA in 1962 and moved to Gulf Breeze with my family in 1971. I graduated from GBHS in 1981. I attended Pensacola Junior College and received and Associate of Arts Degree in 1983 and an Associate of Science in Dental Hygiene in 1990. I have been employed with Drs. Gibson, Renfroe & Zieman since August 1990. I am married to Ed, Captain Lively Gulf Charters since October 1990. We have 2 children; Ben- Go Phillies! and Emily- Go Bulldogs-MSU! My hobbies include fishing (of course) and spending countless hours watching baseball! I am very motivated in the dental health profession to support our great community.
I have been working with Dr. Zieman since 1978. My education includes an AA in Dental Hygiene, Pensacola Junior College, and BS in Education at Ohio State University. Later on I received an AA in Biblical Studies and teach English as a second language.
The Navy brought our family to Pensacola in 1975. We have raised four children here. I cannot imagine working anywhere else than here at Gibson, Renfroe & Zieman. We feel as though were a big family and that includes our wonderful patients who we have grown to know and love.
I started in the dental field in 2003, living in Ohio. I then became a Certified Dental Assistant specializing in 3D X-Rays and Cerec. I moved to Florida in 2009 and started working with Dr. Renfroe and Dr. Zieman. I have been gratefully employed with this wonderful group ever since.
I married my wife in 2008 and we have a beautiful daughter, Addy Beth. Addy Beth was born at 26 weeks and was only 2 lbs. 3.5 oz. She spent 74 days in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit at Sacred Heart Hospital.
I was born and raised in the Gulf Coast. I have been in the dental field since 2011, I love helping patients regain confidence with their smiles and helping patients feel at ease when they are here. Outside of work I enjoy time with family, outdoor activities and music!
I have lived in Pensacola for over 20 years. I have two beautiful daughters; Sarah Grace and Mary Catherine. I stay very active with their schedules but enjoy every minute of it. We have a golden retriever, Shammy and a Persian cat, Sundance. In my spare time I love to play with my girls at the beach, boating and golfing.
I have been in dentistry since 1982. Working at Drs. Gibson, Renfroe & Zieman as a dental assistant is most definitely the highlight over the years of my profession. I enjoy coming to work every day. The opportunity to watch and assist Dr. Zieman, the true artist, is unbelievable!
Harry Bruno, CDT owner of H.B. Dental Laboratory for several years of outstanding service. Harry has been a business associate with Drs Renfroe and Zieman for 30 years and counting. He graduated in 1975 in the Atlanta area at a dental technical school. Following graduation, he started his lab in 1977 at the office of Dr. V. Paul Bruno, DDS. He became nationally board certified for the National Association of Dental Laboratories in 1979.
Harry was an adjunct instructor at PJC (PSC) in 1980 for the dental technology dept. He moved his lab to Dr. Renfroe and Dr. Ziemans office in 1985. H.B. Dental Lab has recently updated to the most current digital technology in the dental industry creating a quicker and easier way to create beautiful smiles. For many years he has been delivering exceptional quality and unmatched service to patients and dentists in the area.
hierogames.pw has been registered at Porkbun but the owner has not put up a site yet. Visit again soon to see what amazing website they decide to build.
pakistan map cities villages google of narowal with and provinces major capital surrounding vector clip,pakistan cities map pdf full with and villages free download declared twin news,pakistan map cities urdu atlas of commons full with and villages free download,descriptive maps of degrees pakistan map cities villages google narowal urdu,pakistan cities map online pdf narowal,history geography pakistan map cities google of narowal with all in urdu,geographic map of with important cities stock image pakistan and villages pdf detailed online,map pakistan cities narowal full with and villages free download google of,pakistan map with cities and villages pdf of digital maps provinces all in urdu,pakistan cities map online villages narowal places beautiful.
Happy Thanksgiving! We wish peace and love to you and your families. Please join Brothers Rhit Moore, Billy Hamilton and Gabriel Jagush as they sit down for the second of the 2017 Quarryman's Holiday Roundtable episodes. In order to spend time with our families and preserve what's left of our sanity, we'll be releasing shorter episodes based around discussion questions until the season has concluded. We thank you for your understanding and hope you'll enjoy the discussions as much as we do!
The Fort Worth Lodge #148 Podcast would also like to urge you to donate blood if you are medically able. Your time and precious gift, can and DOES save lives. Thanks!
00:01:22 - Question #1: What does your meal prep routine look like - what are your tips for feeding an army?
00:14:21 - Question #2: I'm struggling with my boyfriend being a Mason. I'm jealous about not being able to know the secrets and I've heard some disturbing stories about the ritual. What's going on?
This will house a series of documents and templates, structured in a way that demonstrates ways to use Giterary's features.
Proposals should be sent by email to steppingconference@efdss.org, to be received by Friday 15 April 2019 at the latest.
if your proposed contribution has previously been published/presented elsewhere please provide brief details (this will not necessarily mean that we will not accept your proposal)
The conference committee will select contributions for inclusion and we hope to notify applicants by the end of May 2019.
The British Isles have a rich history of step dancing in many forms and in many forms and contexts, spanning centuries and linking with traditions across the world. Some of these dances and their histories are relatively well-known, others largely lost. The aim of the conference is to further our knowledge and understanding in these traditions and to stimulate debate. The conference will be of interest to practitioners, researchers and all who are interested in the diversity of traditional dance in the British Isles.
We are inviting submissions of papers, demonstrations, workshops, round table discussions and posters. Potential topics include (but are not limited to):
Experience from traditions in other countries which can illuminate the experience in the British Isles
Submissions by 31st March 2019 to steppingconference@efdss.org. Please include a short description of your proposed contribution/abstract of your paper (guide 150 to 500 words) and a short biography. A panel will evaluate the proposals and we hope to notify applicants by the end of May.
"Stepping On" is organised jointly by EFDSS, Historical Dance Society, Instep Research Team, and The University of Roehampton.
 At yesterdays sitting, Senator Vincent gave notice of a motion calling for certain action to be taken in connexion with the documents which I tabled last week in the Library regarding the appeal of the Supreme Soviet of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on disarmament. Senator Gorton then asked whether, in debating the motion, reference may be made to the contents of those documents. I have now considered the matter and wish to inform the Senate that when I placed the documents on the table of the Library, it was my intention that they should be available for perusal by honorable senators only. However, 1 have since ascertained that a translation in English,, substantially the same in substance, of the appeal of the Supreme Soviet has already been published in the July edition of the  New Times , a document printed in the Soviet Union and available in the Parliamentary Library for perusal by members of Parliament and by the public. I have accordingly withdrawn the documents from the table of the Library, and now -lay them on the table of the Senate. The contents of the documents may, therefore, be quoted by honorable senators when debating the motion to which 1 have referred.
 1 ask the Minister representing the Treasurer whether he will confer with the Cabinet with a view to casing credit for the purpose of helping and stimulating the building trade as a counter to the recession that is now setting in and which is responsible for putting workers on the unemployment list.
 I am sorry to say 1 had a little difficulty in hearing the honorable senator. I understand the purpose of his question is to have steps taken to increase credit facilities for the use of the building trade.
 That is a mattei for the banking system. The banking system can use the funds that are available to it in the way that it considers to be best. What the honorable senator is asking, in effect, is that the Government give some direction to increase the total level of funds that are available. That is essentially a matter of banking policy. It is also a matter of Government policy. It is the function of the banks to distribute the finances available to them in the way in which they consider to be best, lt would be very difficult, if not impracticable, for the Government to make any specific direction in favour of the building trade without taking similar action in respect of other trades.
 1 ask the Minister for National Development whether he has seen a considered statement by two lecturers of the New South Wales University of Technology to the effect that, in the case of diesel oil, present techniques for fluidizing low temperature carbonization of coal can produce diesel oil at a cost competitive in Australia with that of petroleum. In view of Australias present dependence on overseas oil, and having special regard to the Middle East crisis, can the Minister say whether the Joint Coal Board has any firm views on this dramatic possibility and. if so, whether it is carrying out any effective research in regard to the matter?
 That is a good question which it is much easier to ask than to answer. It covers a very wide field. I have noticed two statements in the press. One was a letter published in the  Sydney Morning Herald, and signed by Professor Phillips, who is quite an authority on this subject. The other was in the nature of a press statement in which Professor Phillipss name did not appear. I do not know whether there is any significance in that fact. I can answer the honorable senator only in general terms. The extraction of oil from coal has been receiving much consideration from the Joint Coal Board and other research authorities. Generally, there is no evidence that oil can be produced in Australia from coal at costs which would be competitive with those of ordinary petroleum products.
 It is not done in Germany but in South Africa. A large plant has recently gone into production in South Africa, but it has great advantages, first, because of the cheap labour cost in mining coal and, second, because the mines and the market are a long way from the seaboard, and petroleum products have to carry a large railway freight in competing with oil that is produced locally from coal. lt remains to be seen how the South African experiment will work out. Another factor is that in an enterprise of this sort, very substantial capital investment is involved in what are hazardous circumstances, lt is doubtful whether there would be a market in Australia for the volume of by-products and chemicals that would be produced if the enterprise were conducted on a sufficiently large scale to make a worth-while contribution to the use of coal.
 In view of the serious economic situation arising from inflationary influences in the community, and the tendency for Australian economic trends to follow those in the United Kingdom and the United States of America, will the Minister representing the Treasurer direct his attention to a report from the United States of America that the price of a haircut there is 17s. 6d., butter is 6s. 8d. per lb., bread 2s. 6d. a loaf and eggs 7s. 3d. a dozen, and that prices are rising almost daily? Is the Minister aware that there is over-production in the United States, no Labour party, no arbitration court, no cost of living adjustment but plenty of laisser-faire for private enterprise, and huge company profits? Will the Minister have a report made to the Senate on the cause of this shocking inflation in the United States, which is spreading also in this country where, unless it is checked, it will bring hardship, frustration and resentment to the Australian people in all ranks of life?
 I find difficulty in understanding the purport of the honorable senators questions. If he is suggesting that we should increase the price of haircuts in Australia, I am entirely opposed to the idea. If he wants to increase the price of bread in Australia, I am opposed to that suggestion, also.
 I preface a question to the Leader of the Government by stating that the soil analysis section of the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization occupies certain laboratories of the Adelaide University. These are in the Waite Research Institute at Glen Osmond. Because of the increased enrolment of students in the agricultural science course of the Adelaide University, the laboratories and accommodation now used by the soil analysis section of the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization will be needed by the Adelaide University within the next two years. I believe that the University has offered a suitable site of 3 acres to the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization on which to build the required accommodation. Will the Minister inform the Senate whether sufficient funds have been made available to enable the foundations of the proposed new buildings to be laid this year?
 I recognize the continued interest of the honorable senator in this matter. I believe that sufficient funds will be made available in the Estimates to enable the building to be commenced this year. I sincerely hope so because of the importance of this work in helping the Australian agriculturist to increase his production, which is so badly needed to assist the economy of this country.
 I ask the Minister representing the Minister for Social Services, first, whether it is the intention of the Department of Social Services to produce at an early date a brochure giving up-to-date details of pensions payable and conditions relating thereto, for the benefit of those who seek information. Secondly, will the Minister make available information concerning the amounts of individual pensions that are paid to the invalids, aged persons and widows of other countries? Thirdly, can such information be furnished by the Department of Social Services without its being necessary to call on the over-worked research officers of the Library?
 1 do not know whether it is proposed to issue a new brochure. It is the custom of the department to issue brochures from time to lime, but I have no information about whether another is pending. I suggest to the honorable senator that if he looks at the annual report of the Director-General of Social Services he should find most of the other statistics that he requires.
 My question is directed to the Minister representing the Minister for External Affairs. In view of the recent international tension arising out of the theft by a Russian woman athlete in London of five womens hats, and, further, in view of the large number of Russian women athletes who will be visiting Melbourne for the Olympic Games, will the Minister take any steps necessary to assist Victoria in ensuring that during the period of the games all Melbourne millinery salons shall be adequately protected?
 If my voice may be heard above the championing by Senator Grant of the Russian lass in London, 1 should like to say that I shall bring this very important matter to the notice of my colleague.
 Can the Leader of the Government in the Senate, in his capacity as Attorney-General, indicate what progress has been made in the appointment of a chairman to the Constitution Review Committee? I remind him that on 30th August he indicated to the Senate thai no time would be lost in making the appointment.
 I well recollect the undertaking that 1 gave to the Leader of the Opposition, and which has been correctly stated by him. Unfortunately, I have not had an opportunity to take up the matter with the Prime Minister since his return from overseas. As honorable senators know, he has not been back very long, and his time has been very fully occupied in dealing with matters of grave national and international importance. However, I again undertake to see the Prime Minister as soon as possible and to discuss the matte: with him.
 Has the Leader of the Government in the Senate noted that the Egyptian newspapers reception of recent statements made by the Leader of the Australian Labour party, Dr. Evatt, is similar in tone and substance to previous Soviet comments on some public utterances of his Does he consider that this Egyptian-Evan friendliness is in some way similar to SovietEvatt accord and might be precursory to an exchange of letters between Dr. Evatt anu Nasser similar to the famous exchange of letters between Dr. Evatt and Molotov?
 1 have seen reports in our own newspapers of alleged reports in the English-language Egyptian newspapers. Those reports, which were very anti-British and very anti-Australian were highly favorable to Dr. Evatt, lt h for each and every one of us to put his own interpretation upon that fact.
 Exactly. I pro pose to say that I, as an Australian, would not like to be highly commended by the enemies of my country.
 I preface my question to the Minister representing the Minister for Trade by saying that 1 have received a number of inquiries from organizations representing farmers in various parts of Australia concerning several questions asked by me in August to which written answers were given yesterday. These meagre answers were uninformative and unhelpful and will be most disappointing to primary producers in Australia, who want to know the Australian Governments view relating to important transactions on which a statement has been forwarded to the Government of the United States ot America. In view of the fact that the Department of Trade had already given newspapers and broadcasting stations an outline of the note sent to the United
States Government, will the Minister let me have a copy of that note? Will he also elaborate the views of the Government so that the primary producers of Australia - the backbone of the nation - may bc kept in the picture, particularly as there is nothing of a highly confidential nature contained in this correspondence, which surely contains nothing that the Government would bc ashamed to publicize?
 The short answer to the honorable senators policy speech is that the information which he requested was, apparently, already publicly available. The honorable senator says that the content of the answers to his question had already been released by my colleague, the Minister for Trade, as a public statement and had been published in the newspapers. In those circumstances, the honorable senator yesterday received a courteous reply. If he wants detailed information, 1 am certain that if he goes to the press secretary of the Minister for Trade he can obtain a copy of the public statement.
- Mr. President, the Minister has misunderstood me. The question that he refused to answer in his written reply to me yesterday is the one I am now asking him to answer. The reply was given to the broadcasting stations, and was heard during a news session. Th Minister refused to include that reply in his answers to my questions yesterday.
 I do not understand the honorable senator. He appears to be complaining that my colleague, the Minister for Trade, did not give an answer to one of his questions, and he further ;il leges that that answer was already public property. If the honorable senator feels a little piqued because information giveto the press was not included in answer to his question, I cannot understand his attitude.
 T preface my question to the Minister for the Navy by rem,n,Jing him that during a visit to South Aus tralia earlier this year, he was urged to consider the natural facilities that Port Lincoln has to offer when any proposal for the extension of Australian naval establishments was being investigated. It was pointed out to the Minister that Port Lincoln is situated approximately midway between Fremantle and Melbourne, and has natural assets which should be of interest to the Department of the Navy. Particular -reference was made to the possibility of establishing a naval cadet training base at Port Lincoln. The Minister was good enough to say that he would consider these matters, and I now ask him whether he has any statement to make.
 1 congratulate Senator Pearson on his sustained interest in the possibilities of Port Lincoln as a naval base. Strong representations were made to me when I was in Adelaide la July, and 1 then gave an assurance that if and when further naval establishments were being considered, the suitability of Port Lincoln would not be overlooked. Judging by the zeal of Senator Pearson, 1 am certain that I shall not have any opportunity of overlooking it.
 1 ask the Minister for National Development whether, in view of the statement in to-days press that the consumption of coal in Australia next year is likely to be reduced by 200,000 tons, he has any idea of the unemployment position on the coal-fields at the moment, and of prospects in the coming months?
 1 carry into the Senate each day figures on unemployment on the coal-fields and unemployment statistics generally. Since 24th December, 1 955 to 8th September this year the number of employees on the Cessnock field fell by 183, on the Newcastle field by 417 and on the western field by 60, whilst on the south coast the number increased by 280. So, on the whole of the New South Wales coalfields the number of employees has fallen from 18,498 to 18,118, being a decline of 380. Putting the figures in another way. during the same period a fall of 1.5 per cent, occurred in the output of coal, a decrease of 110,000 tons out of a total production of 7.369,000 tons. There has been a fall of 1.5 per cent, in the output of coal and a fall of 2 per cent, in the number of employees in the industry.
 By way of preface to my question to the Minister representing the Minister for Trade, 1 refer him to statements constantly emanating from the Opposition that following the disclosures of the Petrov commission and the severance of diplomatic relations between Australia and Russia, Australia has lost the sale of 27,000,000 worth of wool. Is this wool still unsold in Australia, and, if so, where is it located?
 We can only sell the quantity of wool that we have available to sell. No carry forward of wool took place last year. Wool is in strong demand this year as is evidenced by the price. So, in the final analysis, what we did not sell to Russia we apparently sold to some one else.
 I desire to address certain questions to the Minister representing the Postmaster-General who, last night, assured the Senate he would have information not then available obtained in time for honorable senators to give adequate consideration to the estimates of the Postal Department which will be discussed in the Senate later. I have given further consideration to the questions which I desire to ask and with your permission. Mr. President. I shall put them on notice.
 My question is directed to the Minister purporting to represent the Prime Minister. The Prime Minister, accompanied by the Minister for Trade, recently went to Great Britain, the purpose of the Prime Ministers visit being to represent Australia at the Conference of Commonwealth Prime Ministers. Seeing that the Prime Ministers peregrinations were rather obscured due to the Suez affair, I should like to know whether the Parliament will receive any report of that conference. Was it a failure or a success? Can we have any statement informing us what the Prime Minister did prior to the Suez crisis developing?
 The Suez crisis occurred after the Conference of Prime Ministers, and its importance has transcended what transpired at that conference.
 I suggest to the honorable senator that if he were to read the communique issued at the conclusion of the conference of Prime Ministers he would be better informed.
 Is a report going to be issued? If I am a little impetuous, my attitude is due to the conduct of the Minister. He gave no answer at all. I for one am completely fed up with this ignoramus who can answer nothing.
 Will the Minister representing the Postmaster-General ascertain for me the approximate date when station SPA, at Penola in South Australia, will commence broadcasting, and the area which it is expected will be covered by its broadcasts?
 I cannot immediately furnish the honorable senator with the information he desires, but I shall get it from the Postmaster-General and let him have it as soon as possible.
 Has the Minister representing the Minister for Defence read a press report to the effect that a large quantity of military equipment had been dumped in abandoned mine shafts in Queensland? In view of the fact that the Parliament has voted large sums of money for defence, will the Minister institute inquiries in order to ascertain in what circumstances, and by whom, military equipment is declared useless? What steps, if any. are taken to try to sell surplus military equipment?
 1 saw the report mentioned by the honorable senator, but I have not yet received the details. As he will probably remember, during the war, tens of thousands of American troops were stationed in and around Charters Towers and Townsville, and in other areas where quantities of dumped military equipment are alleged to have been found. At this stage, I do not know whether the equipment mentioned was dumped by American or Australian troops, but I shall have, inquiries made into the matter and let the honorable senator know the result.
 The question that I shall direct to the Minister representing the Postmaster-General relates to the provision of an alternative national regional broadcasting station on the gold-fields in Western Australia. During the last twelve months, or longer, there have been indications, statements, and, in fact, promises that a second regional station would be provided in that area. Can the Minister inform me when the new station is likely to be constructed? If it is expected that construction will be commenced in the near future, will the Minister ensure that the new station will be sufficiently powerful to enable the people in the north-west of Western Australia to hear broadcasts from it? At the present time, those people are denied the advantages of radio, except broadcasts by Radio Australia, which, I assure the Minister, nobody in that area listens to.
 This matter was raised previously by Senator Vincent. I assure him that I shall direct the attention of the Postmaster-General to his question, and obtain a considered reply for him as soon as possible.
 I direct a question to the Minister for National Development. In any investigation that might be made into the production of oil from coal, will the Minister have examined the latest processes for the extraction of oil from shale, with a view to providing employment for surplus miners, and to placing some restraint on the efforts of the oil companies to obtain ever-increasing prices for petrol and oil?
 I can hardly imagine that that would be a profitable line of development to pursue because we have had practical experience at Glen Davis of trying to produce oil from shale, and thai process failed completely. I should prefer to see the facilities that we have available directed to the major task of the production of petrol and chemical products.
 Is the Minister representing the Minister for Air aware thai recent repairs made to the Pats River aerodrome at Flinders Island have not been successful in maintaining its continuous operation? Will the Minister take steps to improve the drainage on this aerodrome and will he confer with the Minister in charge of War Service Land Settlement with a view to utilizing the extensive plant lying idle at Flinders Island because of excessive rain, for the purpose of carrying 0U this work as an urgent measure?
 I am noi aware of the condition of the aerodrome at Flinders Island, but I shall accede to the request of the honorable senator and confer about it with my colleague, the Minister for Air. Should I receive a reply from the Minister for Air during the period the Senate is in recess, 1 shall advise the honorable senator by letter of that reply.
 My question is directed to the Minister for Shipping and Transport. In view of the representations previously made to him for the establishment of a ferry service between Hobart and Sydney, has the Minister now any information to give the Senate about the matter, or are negotiations still continuing?
 I informed the deputation which waited upon me about this matter that investigations into it would take some time. 1 undertook to pursue the matter immediately, and I have done so Inquiries are being made as expeditiously as possible, and I am hopeful that within two or three weeks I shall be in a position to advise the members of the deputation ot the decision arrived at.
 As a preface to m question to the Minister representing th-. Postmaster-General, may ! say that an announcement was made some time ago (hat a radio telephone service is to be installed between Perth and Derby at a cost of about 70,000. I ask the Minister the following questions: - Is this the first radio telephone service to be installed in Australia? When will it be completed? Will the Postmaster-General consider making these facilities available to the people of other outback towns in Australia?
 In answer to the last part of the honorable senators question, I am sure that the Postmaster-General will give very favorable consideration to the installation of this type of communication system in outback parts of Australia. With regard to the honorable senators other questions, I shall obtain information from the Postmaster-General and make it available to the honorable senator as soon as possible.
What was the total Australian production of raw tobacco leaf, and the total leaf sold, during each year from 1950 to 1955, and to date in 1956?
What was the amount and value of Australianproduced tobacco leaf purchased by each manufacturer in each year from 1950 to 1955, and to date in 1956?
What was the total Australian consumption, in pounds weight, of tobacco and cigarettes manufactured in Australia during each year from 1950 lo 1955, and to date in 1956?
What was the total weight and value of unmanufactured leaf imported in each year from 1950 to 1955, and to date in 1956: how much of that value in each year represented dollar funds, and how much represented sterling?
What was the weight in pounds and the value of each companys imports in each year from 1950 to 1955, and to date in 1956; how much of the value of ea*-h companys imports represented dollar funds, and how much represented sterling?
Did the Prime Minister arrange for a further dollar loan for Australia during his recent visit overseas?
What is the total amount of dollars borrowed overseas by the present Government since it has been in office?
During his recent visit overseas the Prime Minister had some discussions with the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and arrangements were made for a Bank Mission to visit Australia. The mission has since returned to Washington.
Since 1950 Australia has signed four loan agreements with the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development totalling 258,500,000 United States dollars. As at 30th June, 1956, drawings against these loans totalled 247,000,000 United States dollars. Loans raised in New York have amounted to 50,000,000 United States dollars of which 43,028,000 United States dollars has been used to refinance maturing loans. An amount of 15,000,000 Canadian dollars has also been borrowed in Canada.
The interest liability on these loans varies from year to year as the principal amount outstanding is reduced by contractual repayments or Sinking Fund operations. In 1955-56 interest and commitment charges on the International Bank loans amounting to ?4,282,567 Australian were paid in the following currencies - 7,985,000 United States dollars, 1,416,000 Canadian dollars and 1,095,000 Swiss francs. Interest paid in 1955-56 on New York loans raised since 1950 amounted to approximately 938,000 United States dollars, but this does not include interest on a 25,000,000 United States dollars 41/2 per cent, issue which was raised in June, 1956. It is estimated that the amount of interest which will be paid in 1956-57 on the latter loan will be approximately 1,125,000 United States dollars. In 1955-56 interest paid on outstanding Canadian debt was 300,000 Canadian dollars but this was only for a period of six months.
My question is directed to the Minister representing the Postmaster-General. I point out for the information of honorable senators that the matter with which my question deals is very serious, and that a question relating to similar circumstances was recently asked in this Senate. The question relates to claims made by postal workers to the Public Service Board. Most of the persons who work under awards in the Postal Department are taking home each week less than the basic wage, and that is the reason why many of them are at present working to regulations. There is shortage of staff in the department because the salaries offered do not encourage many . persons to offer their services. In order to allow the great and efficient postal services to continue, will the Minister make representations to his colleague, the Postmaster-General, on behalf of the postal workers in each State, and ask him to intervene with the Public Service Board and urge the granting of the reasonable and just claims made by the Postal Workers Union on behalf of its members.
Matters of wage determination are the concern of the tribunal appointed specifically for that function and do not fall within the competance of my department or of the Public Service Board.
I direct a question to the Minister representing the Postmaster-General relating to the important  Guest of Honour  session conducted by the Australian Broadcasting Commission on Sunday nights at 7.15 p.m. eastern standard time. What authority or person selects the guest of honour for this session? After the selection is made, is any control exercised over the subject-matter to be discussed by the speaker, particularly as to whether it has a reasonable appeal to a wide section of listeners to the national service?
The Australian Broadcasting Commission Talks Department. In practice, any State branch may suggest to the head office of the Talks Department any speaker considered suitable for  Guest of Honour . The decision is made at head office by the appropriate senior members of the Australian Broadcasting Commissions staff.
The Sunday night  Guest of Honour  session seeks to present the personality of most interest in Australia in the week concerned. Two important criteria are topicality and what can be most simply described as  news value . These criteria can be applied either to an outstanding visitor or to an Australian who has recently achieved some distinction. As to subject-matter, the speaker is asked to speak on his own special subject, and to present material of wide general interest. Speakers are assisted by the Australian Broadcasting Commissions staff in the presentation of this material, with the aim of providing guidance in the effective use of radio techniques. To illustrate the quality and variety offered by the session, during 1956,  Guest of Honour has so far included such speakers as -
Mrs. Mary TenisonWoods, an Australian who is secretary of the Status of Women Commission in New York for the United Nations, speaking on the work of this commission and the changing status of women throughout the world.
Mr. Dag Hammarskjoeld, SecretaryGeneral of the United Nations, on United Nations in the world today.
Air Chief Marshal Sir Arthur Longmore. Head of War Graves Commission, on Australian war graves in Pacific and elsewhere.
EDI. Gilbert Murray, eminent Australian classical scholar reviewing his life on the occasion of his 80th birthday. Mr. Rudy Bretz, American television authority, on television in the United States of America. :Professor Arnold Toynbee, eminent British historian, on why he studies history. Mr. Roger Livesey British stage and screen star, on the communitys need for theatre.
Professor Gordon S. Brown, an Australian who is Professor of Electrical Engineering in the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, on the meaning of automation. Mr. Peter Finch, Australian actor, on the craft of acting. Sir William Penney, eminent British atomic scientist, on the atomic weapons test.
Reverend Dr. Maurice Watts, world head of congregationalism on problems faced by present-day Jamaica.
 The purpose of the bill that is before the Senate is to pay higher pensions to widows and invalids who have two or more children tinder the age of sixteen years. The Minister for National Development (Senator Spooner) stated, in his second-reading speech, that the measure was designed to -ensure that a widow who lost her A class pension between the ages of 45 and 50 years, would not have to wait until she was aged 50 to obtain a B class pension. That, in -essence, is the main purpose of the bill. This provision will cost about 750,000 in a full year. That is the only contribution that the Government is making towards the section of the community concerned from a record budget totalling about 1,200,000,000.
The Ministers speech covered nearly twelve pages, but the brief review I have given to the Senate covers all the essential purposes df the bill. Most of the Ministers time was occupied in delivering a propaganda speech to any persons in the radio audience who cared to listen. He spoke of the social services that this Government had given to the people, compared with those offered by the Labour government that held office from 1941 until 1949. The Minister was at great pains to inform the nation that social services, including health and repatriation, would cost 292,600,000 out of a total budget expenditure of 1,121,000,000, or 26.1 per cent, of the total expenditure.
The Minister cited figures, but all honorable senators know that figures can be interpreted in many ways. He asked how any fair-minded, responsible person could demand an increase of benefits for pensioners this year. That statement is remarkable in the light of claims that are made in the Senate, and in other places, about the great prosperity that the people are sharing. Apparently, the only section of the community that will not share in that prosperity in the next twelve months is that which needs assistance most. The Minister paid no regard at all to the fact that prices have risen by 6.5 per cent, since the last increase of pensions was granted a year ago. The attitude of the Government is that it is quite all right for us, and many others, to get an extra share of the national prosperity, but those whose need is greatest will not get anything extra.
The Minister referred to the C series index when he suggested that no fairminded person would expect an increase of pension rates this year. The C series index shows a rise of just over 80 per cent, since 1949, but the C series index figures that apply to food have risen by 117 per cent. Anybody who wants to prove a case can find figures to help him. If pension rates were based on the basic wage that was paid when pensions were increased by the Labour government in 1948, the present rate of pension for an age pensioner and an invalid pensioner should be 4 15s. 3d.
The Minister did not make one mention of child endowment in his long speech. The fact is that on the basis of the basic wage in 1948, parents with one child are losing 7s. 5d. a week, those with three children are losing 19s. lOd. and those with four children, 1 12s. 3d. . No reference has been made by the Minister to the sick and unemployed who require social services benefits. The number of unemployed persons is growing, and I think that within a short space of time the number of persons obtaining relief will be greater than the 50,000 who. are at present allegedly unemployed. 1 hope that the number will be smaller, but I have my doubts.
There is no provision in the bill for maternity allowances except that contained in clause 10, which deals with payment on account prior to birth. The allowance has not Deen increased. In the past, me mother obtained the allowance after the birth o the child, but now she may obtain a payment on account before the birth and get the remainder later. If the maternity allowance bore the relationship to the present basic wage that it bore to the basic wage of 1 94 8 it would bc 53 ils. in other words, the allowance, which is now 15, should be increased oy 18 12s. or by more tuan 100 per cent.
Over the years, this country has more or less pi idea itself on its social services Denetits, but figures taken from the international Labour Organization review snow that there is a great n ameer ot countries, including the sister dominions of New Zealand and Canada, that are offering greater benefits. As 1 have indicated, although the Ministers brief was long and was well read, it consisted mainly of putting forward a case to show that the present pension purchases more than did the , pension paid in 1949. I reiterate that the validity of that argument depends upon the set of figures that one uses to prove it. Surely, a government that has submitted a record budget would not base its claim that pensioners can now buy as much as or a little more than they bought in the past on a set of figures that any one could disprove by using other figures. The Australian Labour party says that we have a duty to give to the pensioners that part of the prosperity that the country is now enjoying to which they are entitled. We are concerned, in the main, with their having a reasonable quantity of food and clothing and reasonable shelter. I repeat that I regret that the Minister for Social Services has seen fit not to include provision for the many benefits that I have mentioned.
I am certain that on both sides of the chamber are honorable senators who, like myself, would like to see this country in the forefront of nations in the provision of social services benefits. Legislation to provide for the payment of age pensions waspassed in 1909. Quite a history is attached, to the matter. We have always heard that that legislation was introduced by an antiLabour government, lt was, but I have in my hand a copy of a letter that waswritten by Alfred Deakin to the then leader of the Australian Labour party, Mr. Watson. lt will be remembered that at that time the Labour party held the balance of power.. Mr. Deakin, in his letter, set out eighteen concessions that he was willing to grant if he were permitted to remain in office. Those of us who come from Victoria knowsomething about that, because over a long period of years we have been forced to keep an Australian Country party government in office and to extract things from it little by little. As one reads through the list of matters set out in Mr. Deakins letter, which doubtless were then momentous in the political sphere, one notes that the fourteenth item relates to age pensions It istrue, I repeat, that an anti-Labour government introduced the legislation, but that was the price of its being allowed to remainin office. The legislation was introduced and passed in 1909, but it was not gazetted until the Labour party assumed office in< 1910.
Invalid pensions were introduced in 1910, the maternity allowance in 1912, and child endowment for other than the first child in 1941. Every one knows why child endowment was introduced. On the bench of the Commonwealth Arbitration Court at that time were Judges Beeby, Piper and 0Mara. Chief Judge Beeby informed the then Prime Minister that, unless other steps were taken, the increase of the base rate granted by the court would be such that it would affect the foundations of industry. The government wisely, may I say, accepted the advice. In line with this Governments performances in recent years, when it haslooked after its own at every available opportunity, the government of the day said,  We will impose a pay-roll tax. Of course, it will not in any way pay for child endowment, but at least we will protect our own from a big increase of the base tate that would be payable to not only married but also unmarried persons . In due course, widows pensions, funeral benefits, unemployment and sickness benefits, rehabilitation allowances, an allowance for disabled persons, the tuberculosis allowance, and hospital benefits have been introduced.
 I am coming to that. I have previously suggested to the honorable senator that she should not be impatient. I know that as a rule ladies are impatient, but if the honorable senator will allow me to proceed 1 shall come to that matter. This Government can rightly claim that it introduced endowment for the first child and a pensioners medical scheme. lt can rightly claim, also, that it introduced the l-for-l subsidy scheme to provide homes for aged persons, lt removed the means test from blind pensioners. Over the years this Government has liberalized the means test, but any government would have done that. It has increased the amount of pensions, but it must be remembered that, over the years, the value of money has decreased. The Government had to give the pensioners something seeing that it could not honour its famous promise to put value back into the 1. Those, in the main, are the social services of this nation.
The Opposition, as a party, is proud of its record concerning social services. For many years, it has agitated to secure the social benefits that have now been established. lt is true that we opposed the payment of child endowment for the first child. The basic wage was first computed on the basis of a man, wife and three children and in those circumstances child endowment was paid for the second and third child. But, at the request of Chief Judge Beeby, the basic wage was computed on the basis of a man, wife and one child, lt was obvious that if child endowment were paid for the first child the computation of the basic wage would most likely be altered to the basis of a man and wife only. But, for reasons which have yet to be explained, the court changed its attitude. However, that was why the Labour party, at the time, opposed the payment of endowment for the first chi!, lt was a logical stand because the workers of Australia would have been better off with a basic wage computed on the basis of a man, wife and one child than on the basis of a man and wife. Fortunately for the workers, the court changed its mind about the basis of computation, and we have no quarrel with that. This Government saw fit to give child endowment for the first child and although there is no authentic backing for such a conclusion, it appears that the court has not taken that payment into consideration. The judges will not inform the unions on what basis the wage is fixed, but it is understood that the court is still adhering to the formula of a man. wife and one child.
I have cited the figures given by the Minister, and they provide much food for thought. The Minister said that the Government was paying, in social services, including health and repatriation. 292,600,000 a year. No rule has been laid down that payments are to be kept at that level, or that they will be varied in accordance with variations in the cost of living. Let us sincerely hope that what happened in 1930-31 will not be repeated. lt was then found necessary to reduce pensions, although no one at the time wished to do so. However, a gentleman named Otto Niemeyer, who was visiting Australia at that time as an economic adviser, said that that had to be done, and it seemed that no other course was open. I am concerned, as I am sure every honorable senator is concerned, that social services should be maintained at the highest possible level. 1 should be much happier if they were lifted entirely out of politics. The Labour party wants a national social services scheme to cover not only the services 1 have mentioned, but also health. We want, ultimately, to abolish the means test. I have strong views on that point, and possibly they do not coincide with those of others with whom, as a rule, I agree. However, I always like to know where the money for social services payments is coming from. I am pretty careful with my own money, and 1 think 1 am entitled to be a little bit careful with that of the nation.
Surely, there would be no opposition to a suggestion that all parties in this Parliament should get together and evolve a national social services scheme. It should be easy to do so. The point on which there would be a strong divergence of views would be the question of how to find the money to pay for it. I am not in favour of a flat rate of social service contribution of so much in the 1, but I would have no objection to revenue being obtained by a tax on income. The Minister used the C series index figures, which cover a multitude of commodities, but the main commodity with which the friends of the Government are concerned is food. However, we must consider this matter seriously.
I do not want to be pessimistic, but it is well to remember this: Since the partial drought of 1945, Australia has been wonderfully blessed with a succession of bountiful seasons, and although we hope that they will continue, we have no assurance that such will be the case. If a bad season should come, would we be able to provide 292,000,000 for social services benefits to the people who are greatly in need of them? How would we find the money? The amount of pension payable should be arrived at on some basis which will take the matter out of the hands of not only this Government but also any other government. It is true that about 1948 pension rates were put on the basis of the cost of living so that when the cost of living fell a reduction of sixpence a quarter had to be made. One can imagine the outcry from the people of that day who had agreed that pensions be placed on a cost of living basis. When the cost of living went down, their attitude was, How could any government take a mean sixpence from the pensioners?  If I had been a member of the Government at that time 1 would have replied, quite honestly,  If you have agreed to it, you have to take the good with the bad; otherwise the scheme will have to be scrapped . lt was not agreed to and the scheme was scrapped.
In the Argus  of 21st September, the Minister for Social Services (Mr. Roberton) was reported under the heading Warning from Minister - Inflation is a Pension Threat  to have said that unless inflation were checked expansion of social services would become impracticable and it would be increasingly difficult to mainrain them. I do not disagree with that statement, but I say that we should not allow that position to arise.
 1 know the Minister for National Development (Senator Spooner) would like to have his back scratched and to have the Minister for Social Services say that he is a capablesort of fellow. Possibly, in the ballot in. the party room yesterday the Minister for Social Services might have been one of the strongest supporters of the Minister for National Development. I do not mind the Minister giving his colleague a pat on, the back at all. Unless we are prepared, as political parties representing in the main the mass of the people of this nation, toget together and agree on a scheme for financing pensions, we shall not meet with success. I admit that the financing of a pension scheme is the difficult part. I can assure honorable senators, as the result of the personal interest I have taken in my own party, that it will not agree to deduct so much in the 1 from wages but will impose direct taxation for that purpose. I do not think we can obliterate the scheme that was adopted during the war years when people were taxed very heavily. I leave that point now, hoping that 1 have raised it a little above the party level.
I now want to devote a few moments, to the speech by Senator McManus. In his first speech in this Senate he complained very bitterly that the Government had not increased pension payments for the aged and invalid. It is true that Senator Cole, whom he is courteous enough at times to call his leader, tabled a petition from certain unions asking for an increase in child endowment. Senator McManus, of course, is not a newcomer to Parliament, and to me his complaint sounded like crocodile tears. I shall explain why I say that. The group with which he is now connected saw fit to nominate candidates in the last general election in South Australia and Tasmania.
 We will wait until that takes place. Senator McManus knows as well as I do that because of the nomination of candidates from his party in those two States the Government now has 30 senators instead of 28k
 The figures speak for themselves. It does not carry much conviction with me when Senator McManus complains about what the Government is or is not doing when his group lis indirectly the cause of its action.
 Let us have a look at the position in Tasmania and South Australia. I am leaving out my own State -of Victoria because I candidly admit a dispute occurred there. In a dispute the disputants are entitled to have a go, but it is a different matter in States where no dispute existed. This action was taken by people who have preached a lifetime of service in all places, and yet they are the cause of the Government having 30 members in the Senate instead of 28. If the Government had 28 senators, do honorable senators think that it would have brought down a budget that gave no consideration to age, invalid and other pensioners?
 That is all right for Senator Scott, but as long as I keep them off a pearl lugger I will be all right. Senator McM anuss complaint does not serve the purpose which he desired it to serve because his party was responsible for putting the Government in a position to bring down a budget providing an increase of 350,000 for social services out of a total budget of 1,200,000,000. Do honorable senators think that that sort of budget would have been brought down if the Government had only 28 instead of 30 senators supporting it?
I should not say over many years, but certainly over recent years. No one has ever taken umbrage at a difference of opinion, but it is a very different matter for a man to rise in the National Parliament of this country and say what the Government ought to have done when his party was the main factor in ensuring that the Government had the numbers to do what it has done.
 No! We believe that out of this large budget the pensioners should get more. But I do not hope to be able to convince the honorable senator who has just interjected. If I could convince him, I should be able to convince any one, whether inside or outside of this chamber, As the splinter group is responsible for the Government having the numbers in this chamber, Senator McManus should not complain about what the Government is doing, or is not doing. However, doubtless he will be quite able to answer for himself. I think that a deliberate attempt has been made to throw dust in the eyes of the people outside.
 Senator Henty should know that the senators who are not present are ill - some, unfortunately, extremely ill.
 I am not crying. Senator Henty reminds me of people who rush in, but regret their action afterwards. That is a common occurrence. The pensioners should be given pensions of which we can be proud. They should be able, with their pensions, to buy sufficient clothing and food. Although a married couple, both pensioners, is permitted to receive other income up to 7 10s. a week without its affecting their pensions, the number of age pensioners who are physically able to earn that amount of money is relatively few. The pensioners about whom I am mainly concerned are those who have no income other than their pensions. In the light of the record budget that has been brought down, I do not think that from 78 per cent, to 85 per cent, of the age and invalid pensioners should be expected to continue to eke out an existence on 4 a week. The present situation does no credit to any of us.
 If I had the benefit of expert departmental advice, which is available to the Minister, I would know.
 I did not say that I could not obtain the information from the Department of Social Services. But last night, during a debate on another measure, I was unable to obtain certain information that I required. I did not intend to be caught a second time.
 If Senator Gorton believes that I have made misstatements, he will have an opportunity to elaborate his point of view in due course.
 When ex-Senator Guy asked me that when he was a member of this chamber, I took the trouble to consult the  Hansard  report in order to see how he voted on the relevant division. Therefore, I advise Senator Scott not to raise that issue.
All honorable senators should be prepared to consider this matter from a national point of view. There is cause for alarm that we are not leading the work! in the social services field. Despite huge governmental revenue, pensions are still inadaquate But leaving that aspect to one side, we must not forget that dire consequences could follow an adverse year for primary producers. It could even become necessary to consider reductions, but I hope that that will not happen. As has often been said, I think that we. should lift this subject out of the political arena. In conclusion, if the Government brought forward a scheme which, in addition to abolishing the means test, provided adequate social services, for which the people would contribute according to their earnings during their working lives, I think it would have the support of the Opposition.
.- I rise on behalf of the party which I represent to express, first of all, extreme disappointment at the indication in the secondreading speech of the Minister for -National Development (Senator Spooner) that the Government had not taken any cognizance of appeals from this side of the chamber, which were supported by certain senators on the Government side, that something should be done for those people who are not provided for in this bill, if possible by granting them increases of pension. There are those on both sides who feel deeply about the situation in which, during a period of raging inflation, when prices are going up every day, the pensioners are called upon to bear an entirely unjustified share of the burden of salving the economy of this country. I had hoped that the appeals made by honorable senators to the Government would have borne some fruit, and I regret deeply that the Government has determined that the budget shall go through the Parliament as it stands. In accordance with that decision, the Government is now presenting the bill that is at present before us.
In answer to a question asked in another place, the honorable members of that place were informed that the estimated annual cost of each shilling a week added to the age pensions was 1,196,000. Therefore, in order to give a 10s. a week increase to age pensioners it would cost the Government only about 12,000,000. If the Government were to give the age pensioners 1 a week increase - which would not be too much in the present circumstances, and, in my opinion, too little - it would involve a cost of about 24.000.000. When we consider that the Government is budgeting for a surplus of more than 100,000,000, the only conclusion that we can come to is that the Government would be well able to give some measure of justice, or mercy, to the pensioners in their present very difficult circumstances. I shall repeat what 1 said before, that these issues with which 1 have been dealing should be determined on the basis of human values and the human suffering involved, and not on the basis of figures in books of account. 1 believe that probably the best phrase used in regard to pension matters was one to the effect that pensions should be taken out of politics. lt is embarrassing to honorable senators, and humiliating to the pensioners, that each year they should be forced into the position of coming to this Parliament House, button-holing senators and members outside, and appealing to them as individuals to support the pensioners case for a small increase. Something should be done in this Parliament to ensure that that kind of thing shall not happen again. The suggestion I make is that, in default of some national scheme on the lines suggested by Senator Kennelly, we do the same thing for the pensioners as was done for senators and members of the House of Representatives; that is, that we should appoint an independent commission to determine what is the just rate of the pensions to be paid.
 I am pleased to hear that suggestion receive approval from the Government side of the Senate, and I believe that there would also be approval from this side if honorable senators of the Labour party were permitted to express approval of anything that 1 say. 1 put it forward with conviction that the shortterm solution to the present difficulties about the pensions, lies in the appointment of a commission to determine the just rate of pension. Once such a commission has been appointed, and has determined the just rate of pension, then that rate should increase in accordance with the cost of living increases. The only objection that could be offered to such a system would be that any independent and fair tribunal would award the pensioners far more than they would ever receive from any government. I believe that the pensioners themselves have been at fault in accepting the idea that they should ask for small increases of 10s., 1, 30s. or even 2 a week. That used to be the system under which school teachers in the State of Victoria operated years ago, and they received no justice in their salary claims until they fought for, and succeeded in obtaining, an independent tribunal to settle their salaries. Similarly, there is no prospect of justice for pensioners until they are given the opportunity to have their claims settled by an independent tribunal.
I now desire to deal with the remarks with which Senator Kennelly concluded his speech. 1 have had a feeling that my presence in this chamber has not been entirely welcome to Senator Kennelly, and I have been wondering when his iron selfcontrol would be shattered and he would break his silence. He and I at one stage were associates, but we have not been, so closely associated in recent years. In regard to his complaint that because of, tha interference of my party in the political affairs of this country it was not possible to reject this budget, let me say that it is not the fault of our party that this budget was not rejected. In saying that, I do not desire to refer adversely in any way to honorable senators of Senator Kennellys party who were not able to be present, for reasons that we all know, when the relevant vote was taken. One of them is an old friend for whom I have the highest respect, but after all it should be remembered that when the budget was presented to the Senate, and the final vote upon it was taken - a vote by which the future of the pensioners was determined - of 28 honorable senators of Senator Kennellys party, only eighteen were present in the chamber. That is not our fault. We have no control over the members of Senator Kennellys party, and it surprises me that so few were present, because I have always respected the honorable senators ability to have his supporters present when he wants them.
In South Australia and Tasmania, we were told that we should not have put up candidates at the last State elections. 1 have always been under the impression that this was a free country, and I did not realize until this moment that Senator Kennelly arrogates to himself the right to suggest that people who do not belong to his political party should or should not put up as candidates for elections. If his party was so concerned to defeat the Liberal Government in South Australia, why did his party in that State give its second preference votes to the Liberal party? If his party is so keen to stand for right Labour principles why, in the State election in Port Adelaide, did his party make political history in this country by giving its second preference votes to the Communist party? That is the first time that such a thing has ever happened in the political history of this country.
 If Senator Kennelly denies my statement, I shall produce the  How to Vote  card. I ask honorable senators from South Australia to deny whether what I have said is correct, but I see that they are silent. Let Senator Kennelly ask South Australian senators whether his party did not make political history by giving second preference votes to the Communists in the last State election. An honorable senator of the Labour party has mentioned sewers. Sewers are associated with garbage cans, and when I came here 1 determined that I would not throw garbage unless some was thrown at me first. I leave it to honorable senators to determine whether or not in my present speech, or any of my previous speeches, I have descended to the levels mentioned by the honorable senator. A suggestion was made by Senator Kennelly in a kindly and friendly way that I needed the protection of the Liberal party. I have never needed any protection in my jousts with Senator Kennelly, his associates, his leader, the Communist party, or any other people. Because on some occasions some honorable senators on the Government side may say,  Hear, hear!  when I am speaking, that does not mean that I am in tune with their thoughts, any more than the fact that the members of the Communist party are 100 per cent, behind Senator Kennelly to-day means that he is in sympathy with communism.
 Prior to the suspension of the sitting, I was making some passing reference to the comments made by Senator Kennelly as to the reasons for the present Governments tenure of office. As other honorable senators desire to speak about social services, I have no desire to labour the issue except to say, in reply to Senator Kennellys suggestion that the
Government is in office because of the existence of my party, that the Government is in office because of certain factors which* have caused almost irreconcilable differencesbetween men and women who, in many instances, had been members of the Labour party for years. The first of those points, of difference relates to the leadership of the party; and however much Senator Kennelly and 1 might differ on other matters,. I suggest that it is quite possible that he and< I are in entire agreement in that respect. Our second point of difference has to dowith the foreign policy of his party, In my estimation, it is an unrealistic policy which exposes Australia to great dangersand is too much in line with the foreign policy of the Soviet Union. The third point, of difference between us relates to the insistence of his party that while the Communist party can maintain cells in the tradeunions and can fight to obtain control of them, the Labour party must stay out of that fight. And the fourth point of difference between us relates to the determination of the present federal executive of his party, irrespective of decisions of Stateconferences, to place in power in certainStates men who have never been elected and who have no right to hold the positions that they do and who should be replaced by executives which have been elected according to the rules and constitution of the party. I leave it there and now proceed to deal briefly with child endowment.
There is an urgent necessity to increasethe rate of child endowment because of the circumstances in which many breadwinnerswill be placed in the future, particularly if the intention of a number of governmentsto abolish quarterly cost of living adjustments is given effect. If that is done, serious problems will confront many bread-winners. Needless to say, I am entirely opposed tothat contemplated action, but one way in> which its effect at least could be cushioned would be to increase the rate of child endowment. Just as it is not possible for any pensioner to live on the present rate of pension, so it is impossible for anybody to maintain a child on the present amount of child endowment; and if the prosperity which the Government suggests is around the corner does arrive, I hope that in the very near future it will give fresh consideration tome questions of pensions and child endowment and that it will increase them in the- interests of those people who are too little privileged at the moment and who deserve to be protected from the effects of our present inflation.
.- The debate to-day has been of somewhat varied and unusual interest. It is relevant, I think, to this great challenge of the problem of social services to refer briefly to the divergent views of the two Opposition parties. Senator Kennelly referred to the origin of the age and invalid pension legislation and to the various legislative steps taken since that time, and he attempted to take credit for his party over all other political parties for this legislation. To my way of thinking the record of his party in that respect compares most unfavorably with that of the present Government. He finished up by making some reference to a constructive programme of social services and put forward a most remarkable proposal, addressed, I thought, exclusively, to Senator McManus. In that proposal, he suggested that but for the entry of the Anti-Communist Labour party in the election last December, the Opposition would have had 32 senators as against 28 on our side and, therefore, would have been in a position to impose its will upon the Government as to the social services benefits that should be provided. I restate that proposition because one needs only to restate it in order to show a complete absence of reason on the part of Senator Kennelly. It shows a complete incapacity to evaluate issues. No doubt, Senator Kennelly would not give credit to any who would disagree with him and who, in this matter, would put greater emphasis upon issues other than merely the voting strength of parties in the Senate.
We have had a most interesting reply from Senator McManus. He has taken the opportunity afforded by this debate to announce some of the differences existing between him and his former colleague, Senator Kennelly. The Senate would do well to recognize that the combined effect of these factious contentions is to demonstrate that it is from this side alone that the country can expect constructive proposals for social services to emanate. We have had criticism of the Governments present proposals for social services from the factious side of the chamber, and when we consider the measure before us we have to give consideration to the criticism made by Senator McManusand that offered by Senator Kennelly. Senator Kennelly has obviously shown a complete inability to appreciate the reasonsfor the present level of social services. It seems to me that neither critic gives credit to the Government for what is really the predominant fact about the social servicesvote for this year. I refer to the fact that this year the budget provides 12,000,000- more for social services than was voted last year for this purpose. That arises from the fact that 5,000,000 accrues as a debit tothe Treasury because it has had to provide in respect of the full year the 10s. increase that was granted half-way through last year.
The annual increase of 20,000 in the number of applicants for social service benefits calls for the provision of another 4,000,000 or 5,000,000 without any increase in the actual rates being paid, la addition, we have the cost of widows pensions, maternity allowances and child endowment. The increased number of recipients in these fields, without any increase in the rates paid, calls for the provision of a further 12,000,000. 1 think the correct, computation is that these increases represent 5.6 per cent, of the national income. We have been criticized for increases in. rates of profits, earnings and costs, representing in all from 6 per cent, to 7 per cent, of the national income. Taking it on a percentage basis alone, so far asnational income is concerned, that increase compares not unfavorably with the other increments to which 1 have referred.
The other factor that should attract some credit in the minds of fair-minded critics is this: This measure is the first that has been presented by the Minister for Social Services (Mr. Roberton), and it gives an imprint of that Minister to the Senate. That imprint is full of promise because we find, expressed in this legislation, a development that everybody should applaud. That is to say, it provides for the specialized needs of special sections of social services claimants. The Minister has singled out the widows with more than one child and invalid pensionerswith more than one child. He .has provided for them to the extent, with other provisions, of no less than 750,000. Since this legislation provides upon a sound basis for men, women and children who are most in need,, it should evoke support from every section.. lt is not often that 1 participate in a debate on social services. That is not because 1 am not interested in the subject. It is a field of legislation which is in line with the outlook of most modern public men, and deserves every consideration, but 1 do deplore the repeated and emphatic appeal only to the heart in these matters. It is resolution, coupled with earnest hope, that will make the social services structure fruitful for the recipients.
I am indebted to the honorable senators whom I have just been criticizing for the parts of their speeches which yielded thoughtful contributions to this fabric. I refer particularly to what has been said in a constructive way by Senator Kennelly. No doubt he was speaking for the Australian Labour party, and 1 was interested to note that he said that we had an opportunity now to build the social services structure on a basis which would receive a measure of approval from all parties in the Parliament. We should be indebted also to the party which is represented by Senator McManus for the thought that it has emphasized, here and during the last general election campaign. It gave a reminder - and this was not the first time that it had been advanced in Australia - that it would make for progress if the administration of social services were put out of the reach of paltry politicians who make it their plaything. I do not mean that the epithet applies to all politicians, but there are many who use social services in that way.
We would render a great service if we were to create a commission that would approach the task of assessing pensions and making recommendations for new fields of social services. It should discharge its responsibilities with an independence that seems to be possible only by separation from the warring factions of party politics. I remind my colleagues that that conception and purpose has been expressed as one of our hopes for many years. I was pleased to find Senator McManus actively proposing it to-day and, if I heard him correctly, 1 understood Senator Kennelly to a<*ree with that purpose. This debate would be fruitful if it yielded nothing more than a resolution amongst us all to see what was the next step in examining that proposal, and to ascertain whether we could take social services out of the realm of politics and place it under the administration of a responsible commission. That body should, 1 mink, devote its energies exclusively to ensuring the soundness of the social services scheme, and the appropriate nature of the benefits to the recipients.
I remind honorable senators, however, that the whole proposal embraces a responsibility for public expenditure totalling no less now than 227,000,000. If other items are added, the total provision within the broad range of social services amounts to 26.1 per cent, of the budget proposals. Therefore, it would be a surrender of responsibility to suggest that the Parliament should leave the allocation of that vote in hands outside the elected representative of the people year by year. The Parliament would have to retain control, and exercise the responsibility associated with control.
One of our great responsibilities is to deal with the economic affairs of the people upon whom, unfortunately, we have to impose taxes. In that respect, a social services commission would have responsibilities different from those of an arbitration commission, which is much more potent in Uneconomic field than any social services commission would be. The essential different is that an arbitration commission deals with the adjustment of liabilities and obligations to be imposed upon private employers, and is not dealing with public parliamentary expenditure. We have public service boards and other public agencies dealing with public expenditure that is subject to the supervision of Parliament. 1 believe that the appointment of a social services commission would be a step forward.
I also wish to direct attention to another aspect, and that is the provision of finance for the social services vote. Senator Kennelly  expected that we would be in great difference there. It is quite obvious, I suggest, that nil parties could agree upon a specific head of revenue devoted exclusively to social services benefits. Senator Kennelly suggested that it would not be acceptable to have a flat rate, and he advocated a graduated scale. Those are matters of keen debate, but I urge that there must be a specific head of revenue designed to provide for social services.
My third point is that the trend of social services in Australia shows that the number of persons who are seeking the benefits of the age and invalid pension legislation has increased at a much greater rate in the last twenty years than it did in the preceding 30 years. The figures disclosed by the Minister lor Social Services in his second-reading speech show that the percentage of pensioners to persons of pensionable age was 33 per cent, in 1933. By 1947, it had risen to 37.9 per cent. In 1954, it had risen to 42.6 per cent., and at the present time it is 45 per cent. That trend indicates to those who are responsible for the preparation of the budget that year by year they can expect an increased burden to be placed on the budget and to be faced with the necessity to provide an increased vote. Emerging from that fact is a viewpoint to which 1 shall now refer, and 1 derive real encouragement from the fact that it is recognized in this bill. If we are to provide the most effective social services benefits to meet that situation, it is necessary to select those sections of the pensionable field that are in greatest need of increased rates of benefit. The fact that the Minister for Social Services has selected widows and invalid pensioners with two or more children deserves recognition as being the commencement of a minor development that will yield the greatest measure of benefit to the recipients of social services.
Although it is not new, I should like to leave one further thought with the Senate. In doing so, I refer to my recollection of what 1 regarded as being a most thoughtful speech by Mr. W. M. Bourke, whose loss to the Parliament, I think, has been a real national loss. If I remember his speech correctly, he advocated, in respect of an age pensioner who postpones his acceptance of the pension, the provision of a premium during the years after his acceptance.
 It is satisfactory to me to know that the judgment was passed by his peers. The criticism that has just been offered by way of interjection was much inferior to that.
 As long as ones health permits it. work is the most satisfactory medium of life. I suggest that, insofar as the increased health of the present population enables persons to continue to work until later in life, encouragement to do so in the form of a premium pension paid to those persons who postpone the acceptance of a pension deserves more than the superficial and casual consideration thai Senator OByrne obviously is prepared to give to it. The report of the DirectorGeneral of Social Services furnishes material for very critical reflection. In his last report is a diagrammatic representation of the various age groups of age pensioners. A survey of approximately 40,000 pensioners in New South Wales showed that 67 per cent, were over the age of 70 years and thai of that percentage 19 per cent, were over the agc of 80 years. 1 mention that at once as being a very cogent factor which somewhat counters my advocacy of the payment of a premium pension for the postponement of the acceptance of the age pension. Nevertheless, I think the principle is so unchallengeable that we should examine it. I feel that such an examination would probably yield an improvement of the whole social services structure.
I have endeavoured to contribute a few thoughts upon a subject that is of growing importance in the development of the modern democratic state. We are all faced with the challenge to place our social services structure on other than an annual, casual, partisan basis, and to provide for it. if we can, a stable basis designed to yield the greatest benefit to the recipients. In conclusion, I stress that we do the greatest disservice to the pensioner by ignoring the fact that this budget makes provision for the expenditure on social services of 12,000,000 more than did the previous budget, and by advocating an increased rate that would contribute materially towards rendering uneconomic, and therefore of less value, the actual benefits that the pensioners receive.
.- Having heard Senator Wright speak, one would think that the broad mass of pensioners were living in the lap of luxury whereas, on his own figures, 74 per cent, of the pensionable people in the country are single persons - widows, widowers, or unmarried persons. They are receiving 4 a week and, wherever they live, must pay rent; yet Senator Wright said that we must not appeal to the heart, lt can be said more appropriately of Senator Wright than of any other honorable senator that his heart is encased in a thick wall of steel.
 I know the capacity of Senator Wrights brain, because I have often heard it rattle. Senator McManus eventually addressed himself to the bill after having a wonderful flog at his pet political poodle. The attitude of the two previous speakers on the Government side has shown a complete disregard for the real problem -of the aged and invalid, and of the widows in this country. The Government boasts that an increase of 12,000,000 for social services has been provided in the budget in order to ameliorate slightly the lot of some people. But it does not take into consideration the fact that at this time last year they were able to buy potatoes, a staple item of their diet, at 4d. a pound. In recent weeks, they have had to pay as much as 2s. a pound, and with the general increase in the cost of living, many pensioners cannot afford to buy much more than potatoes. It is said that Mary had a little lamb, but the pensioners also are getting very little lamb at the price at which it is being sold.
The purpose of the bill is to give some overdue and much-needed help to many deserving citizens, and some slight relief from the ever-present fear of poverty and want. It is not a matter of giving them an extra radio or money for a deposit on a car or the means of taking a holiday - all of which are included in the hopes of the average Australian citizen - but it is the responsibility of this Government to provide these people with the wherewithal to obtain food, clothing and shelter, and to maintain a reasonable standard of living. When the Government boasts that it has discharged those responsibilities it shows itself to be out of touch with the facts.
The Minister for Social Services (Mr. Roberton), in his second-reading speech, with his Celtic verbosity and his undoubted histrionic talent, tried to smother one -of the most glaring acts of injustice on the part of the Government - its failure to face the plight of these many tens of thousands of citizens who have pleaded for help. They have put their names to petitions that have been presented to the Parliament, they have come here in deputations, and I have heard Government members promise that they would do their best to help them. Those promises have turned to ashes because people such as Senator Wright did not speak from their hearts. The honorable senator and his colleagues speak about money and economics, but their attitude is that the means to bolster the tattered economic policy of the Government which has caused such misery, in the country must be taken out of the economic hides of the les , fortunate members of the community.
The Minister for National Development (Senator Spooner) said, in his second-reading speech, that the slight concessions provided in the bill were milestones on the road to social progress.
 My colleague has exactly the same thought as myself; they are millstones. Instead of the pensioners having the sense of security that they so richly deserve in their declining years, they are wondering what the future holds for them. The Government can claim no credit for the meagre concessions provided in the bill, because in actual fact the Government is evading its responsibilities. The pensioners have made strenuous efforts to obtain relief. They have approached their parliamentary representatives and they have come here and slept on the steps of Parliament House, not for the purpose of asking the Government to provide them with luxuries, but simply to plead for their just rights. But Senator Wright says,  Do not speak from your heart; it might cost too much .
 That is so. I want to know what justification Government members have for believing that the Government has done something magnanimous in making provision for only a small section of social service beneficiaries. The widows and others provided for in this bill represent the smallest section of those who receive social service benefits. The Minister, in his second-reading speech, tried to get the maximum possible amount of political kudos out of telling a good story over the radio, saying what a good and generous Government this is. In the meantime, the vast majority of pensioners, whose needs are so great but whose claims are so small, will receive not one iota of assistance from this legislation, which has been so loudly applauded by the Minister and his supporters.
Members of the Government parties are all experienced in parliamentary lobbying, deputations, pressure groups, and so on, and in many cases they have responded to requests for a permit or bounty or tariff protection or some other concession. They are known to be considerate, but the callousness, coldness and heartlessness with which they have treated the concerted efforts of the age pensioners to obtain some measure of justice is absolutely staggering. The Minister cited figures to show that 45 per cent, of people of pensionable age receive social services payments. That is to say that 55 per cent, of people over the age of 65 are not receiving them. If a pension scheme for parliamentarians, providing for only 45 per cent, of members to benefit, were submitted to Parliament, it would receive very little support. The Minister said that this measure, offering these paltry improvements to a small section of beneficiaries, could not be described as  parsimonious . I say that it is not only parsimonious, but is also indicative of a most callous disregard of the actual situation. The aged and invalid people of this country need more than 4 a week to keep themselves in any measure of comfort.
 Or decency to which they are entitled. Senator Wright mentioned a former member of another place and lauded him for having attacked the policy of the Labour party to abolish the means test. The claim by the Minister that these measures were milestones on the road of social progress indicates that the ultimate objective is the abolition of the means test. To laud the gentleman to whom I have referred, as Senator Wright did, is to disagree with the views expressed by the Minister who said that this bill goes part of the way towards the eventual aim of giving social justice and security to people in the evening of their lives.
I should like to illustrate my point in this way: How would we fare in these days if we had not inherited from previous generations our roads, bridges, civic monuments in the form of town halls, and other things? We juggle with figures and work out socalled balances in the national income without giving a thought to our obligations to the pioneers of this country. We are prepared to permit the hire purchase people to put their fangs into the economy and draw, like blood-suckers, more than their share from it. Yet, the aged people in the community, who have given of their best during their active lives, find that the amount they are able to draw in social services benefits is insufficient to sustain them. Prior to the general election in 1949 this Government paid lip service to the responsibility of the national Parliament and of the country to do justice to the aged section of the community. Honorable senators opposite went round the country saying that nothing was too good for them but now they have changed and say that anything is good enough for them. It is necessary to provide war pensions and war service homes for those who deserve them; but our grand old pioneers, particularly, are deserving of the very best we can give to them. We ought to give to them until it hurts; they are our primary responsibility. It is one of the great corporal works of mercy to care for aged and sick people. By closing its eyes to the needs of these people, by dodging the issue, by trying to gain publicity by giving much-needed assistance to just a small segment in the hope of covering up the more glaring deficiencies in the budget of non-assistance to the great majority, the Government has failed. I only hope that the people of Australia will see beyond the Governments facade and will judge it accordingly.
Senator Wright cited the last available report of the Director-General of Social Services. The percentage of people over 80 years of age he quoted as being 19 per cent. The number between 65 and 69 years is 24 per cent.; between 70 and 74 years, 27 per cent.; and between 75 years and 79 years, 21 per cent. How can the honorable senator justify the opinion he expressed that the Government is doing a good, job when 72 per cent, of the aged people are single? The report also states -
The sample was also used to collect information on the assets held by age pensioners; on th- amount and nature of the income they receive and on their current employment. All of these data point to the fact that only a small proportion of pensioners have income or resources of any extent apart from their pensions. This, however, is to some degree offset by the fact that almost onethird of the pensioners in the sample owned or partly owned their own homes.
It is of the other 66f per cent. I am speaking. They are the ones who have signed the petitions and comprised the personal deputations to Ministers and members of the Parliament. I repeat the question I asked previously: How are they going to pay rent and purchase the necessaries of life and buy remnants of clothing? Everyone knows the high cost of clothing. How can these people afford such things on 4 a week? That question has not been answered, and no attempt is being made to answer it in this measure. Instead of Government supporters breathing all sorts of praise for the policy of the Government, they should be not only humble but also apologetic because of the fact that those responsible for the allocation of the funds in the budget have fallen down badly in this direction. The measure, and what it contains, is parsimonious, skinflinting and cheese-paring. In the eyes of the vast majority of the Australian people, the Government stands condemned for its meanness.
 I rise to support this bill with .considerable pride, because I believe that this Government has done more in the field of social services than has any other government before it. I cross swords with the preceding speaker from the Opposition, who spoke about the parsimonious outlook of the Government, and said that it was dodging the issues and had done little or nothing for the people in need. This Government has faced up to its responsibility in the social services field in a most splendid manner. It has accomplished very much. It has assisted the people by the liberalization of the means test and has extended the pension field to such a degree that it will always be remembered for that record. And Ministers who have held the portfolio of Minister for Social Services will always be remembered for the work they have done.
I feel that this is a very special bill, because in the first paragraph of his secondreading speech, which he made last night, the Minister for National Development (Senator Spooner) highlighted one of the things for which many of us have worked untiringly for years. As I stated recently in this chamber, it has been my aim and wish for a very long time - ever since 1 have been a member of the Senate - that some assistance should be given to widows who hitherto have lost their class A pension when their youngest child reached the age of sixteen years, and who did not qualify for a class B pension until they attained the age of 50 years. That has been a verybig problem for many women who, at that period of their lives, were in indifferent health. They had, as was right and proper, stayed at home and cared for their families. Due to that circumstance, when their youngest children reached sixteen years of age, they found themselves out of the employment field. It is almost impossible for a woman, at that stage of her life, to obtain satisfactory employment. I point out, also, that even after a child reaches the age of sixteen years, it still needs the care of its mother. It must be recognized that if a widow receives no assistance by way of pension after her youngest child reaches the age of sixteen years, it is frequently necessary for her to go out to work. This Government is to be congratulated upon making provision in this bill that a widow who loses her class A pension when between the ages of 45 and 50 years will not have to wait until she reaches the age of 50 in order to qualify for a class B pension. This is a very important provision.
I am sure that this Government, which has always been very greatly concerned with family welfare, will be remembered as the family mans government. In many ways, it has catered for the needs of the home and the family. I direct the attention of honorable senators to the fact that, for the first time in the history of social services in this country, this bill introduces the principle of granting additional amounts of pension to civil pensioners according to the number of dependent children. By so doing, this Government has acknowledged the need to provide assistance to those most in need of it. This is a very important forward- step in the development of our social services scheme.
In addition to providing very important help for widows, this measure makes provision for assistance to be given to invalids who have two or more children under the age of sixteen years. I am sure that all honorable senators know the very real problems with which persons in this category are confronted. 1 am sure that, over the years, we have all assisted such persons, and it is pleasing to note that the Government has taken notice of the representations that have been made to it in this connexion. The Minister stated in his second-reading speech -
I have already indicated that the bill raises the maximum rate of widows pensions in cases where the widow has two or more children . . The bill also raises the maximum rate of an invalid pension by 10s. a week for each additional child under sixteen after the first. . . . The first child is already provided for by a child allowance of lis. 6d. a week, which is generally paid to the mother.
Those two provisions will be of great benefit to thousands of people. The bill also provides for increased allowances, in respect of children under sixteen, to be paid to certain categories of age pensioners who are unable to work. In consequence, there will be no need for such pensioners to transfer to the invalid pension in order to obtain the increase. I am sure that this provision will meet with the approval of honorable senators on both sides.
Honorable senators opposite have accused this Government of lacking appreciation ot the need to increase the field of social services. I should like to remind them of what the Government has done in that connexion. It has liberalized the means test in very many ways, some of which I shall mention in a moment. However, I want to emphasize that the liberalization of the means test has enabled more people than ever before to receive pensions. In addition, because many more people are now able to obtain either full or part pensions, due to the liberalizing of the means test, they are also able to obtain medical and pharmaceutical benefits. This is a very important forward step.
It is tremendously important to remove from aged and invalided people the fear of illness and insecurity. Formerly, many aged people were worried because they did not know whether medical benefits would be available to them should they become ill. Furthermore, they naturally desired, in the event of becoming ill, to receive treatment from doctors who had attended to them, in some instances, over many years. The retention of the doctor-patient relationships is tremendously important. These old people had to be assured that they could be attended to, under the scheme, if necessary in their own homes. This Government has made that possible. Now, old people can be treated and cared for in their own homes.
In considering what this Government has achieved in the field of social services, I consider that some of the things that the Minister said last night cannot be brought home too often to honorable senators opposite. As the Minister pointed out, since 1949 the permissible income of pensioners has been raised by 133 per cent. He said -
In the same period the Government has also raised the property limit by 133 per cent., that is from 750 to 1,750 for a single person and 3,500 for a married couple. It has doubled the property exemption - which is the amount that does not affect the pension - and it is now 200 for a single person and 400 for a married couple.
These are really valuable liberalizations of the means test. I come now to other very positive aspects that the Minister mentioned last night. He went on to say -
The Government has also entirely disregarded income derived from property for the purposes of pension assessments; it has abolished the means lest for blind persons.
It has abolished the means test which was imposed on the parents of claimants for invalid pensions, and it has abolished the special ceilings which limited the amounts that could be paid to ex-servicemen by way of civil pension in addition to a war pension. Certain interests under wills have been excluded from the property means test and the exemption of the surrender values of life insurance policies has been raised from 200 to 750. The Government has also made a concession to pensioners who own a motor car by disregarding its value in the pension assessment.
I am sure all honorable senators agree that that is a very valuable concession. Doubtless, every member of this chamber has, from time to time, received representations from pensioners on this matter. The Government recognizes the need for this concession, and has granted it. The Minister continued -
One of the most important advances was the introduction of discretionary power which enables the Director-General of Social Services to disregard the value of property in special circumstances.
This is very important to old people who own homes. We all are aware of many instances in which aged people have been unable to obtain possession of their homes, and also instances when, through ill health or other circumstances, they have had to vacate their homes for long periods. Many aged people were faced with a real problem in this connexion. There has never been a more splendid feature of the social services legislation.
Senator Wright cited figures which showed that there has been a tremendous increase in the number of persons eligible for pensions, due to the liberalization of the means test by this Government. To-day, 45 persons out of every 100 persons of pensionable age are receiving pensions.
During the speech of Senator Kennelly, the matter of the number of aged persons who own their own homes was raised. According to the last census in Victoria, 44 per cent, of people receiving age pensions own their own homes, and I suggest that that is a very important figure, because it shows that the number of aged persons who own their own homes is a considerable proportion of the total number of those who receive age pensions. This Government has always realized that one of the greatest problems facing aged persons is how they will live in the twilight of their lives. If these people do not own homes, they are faced with great difficulties in finding suitable places to live, and even greater difficulties in finding the money to pay for the accommodation when they have found it because, for most of them, their sole income is the pension. Therefore, honorable senators will agree that this Government has done one of the finest pieces of work that have ever been done by any government in the social services field, by passing the Aged Persons Homes Act, which allows the Government to subsidize, on a l-for-l basis, church and charitable organizations who wish to build homes for aged people. It is a most serious situation for an aged person who has no income other than the pension to have to pay rent for accommodation, and, consequently, the Governments work in assisting with the housing of such persons is of tremendous importance and value.
Throughout Queensland, church and charitable organizations are doing a particularly fine job in establishing, cottage settlements where aged married couples cas go and spend the twilight of their lives is the companionship of each other and with the help and understanding assistance of those who administer the settlements. There are also other joint establishments where both single people and married people are housed. These are apart from the cottage system. All that is of very great importance. Honorable senators will realize that these church and charitable organizations could not have housed nearly the number of people that they are housing if it had not been for the legislation passed by this Government, which I have already mentioned. As at 21st September, 1956, there were 142 approvals for aged persons homes grants, and the payment of 1,699,433 to organizations engaged in this work had been approved. That means that accommodation will be provided for 2,839 aged persons. More than 2,000 persons are already benefiting from this legislation and, that being so, this Government is surely not dodging the issue, as has been said by honorable senators opposite, but is facing up to one of the greatest problems that confront the aged people in the community.
This Government has also realized another very real need of aged persons, and that is the problem of the person who lives alone, or with a husband or wife or other relative, and who is in indifferent health and needs medical care. In view of that great need, separate legislation will be presented to the Parliament by the Minister for Health (Dr. Donald Cameron), which will be designed to assist, on a l-for-l basis, nursing services engaged in helping the aged. That is a very splendid ideal. Those of us who are younger, perhaps do not realize how hard it is for aged persons who live alone and are ill or in pain. It is most distressing for any one to be ill or in pain, but it is more so for an aged person who has to live alone. The legislation that I have mentioned will be designed to give financial assistance to home nursing services so that they can provide nurses to go to the homes of aged people and give injections or medicines to ease their pain, or in other ways assist to increase their comfort. Moreover, it gives a feeling of comfort and security to a person to know that he is being looked after by a doctor or a nurse. The provision of this service is just one more example of the Governments concern for the welfare of the aged and the sick and I am sure that the legislation will be welcomed.
All this indicates that the Government is engaged in a splendid system of social services legislation. It appreciates first the need to assist people. It understands the problems associated with the means test. Consequently, it has, over and over again, liberalized the means test so that more people may receive more or greater pensions and other benefits. We have faced up to the problem of housing, and have contributed substantially to the ultimate solution of that problem. We are also helping those who are unable or do not wish to go into charitable institutions by assisting to make nurses available to care for them in their own homes.
I have always been tremendously interested in the work done throughout the country by the many splendid organizations which assist the blind. In Queensland, and also in other States, those organizations are well worthy of the highest praise. ) am pleased to know that the Government has abolished the means test on pensions for the blind, because that will be of tremendous assistance to all those members of our community who suffer from this serious disability. Blind persons receive 4 a week pension plus a child allowance of lis. 6d. a week free from any means test. It is worth noting that there are 4,762 blind pensioners in the Commonwealth, and it is a tragedy that all those people should suffer this great disability. We should do all that we can to assist them.
I have always been greatly interested in the employment of blind persons, and I pay a tribute to the men of the Postal Department who have done so much in training blind people as telephonists. In Queensland and in other States the officers of the department give their services to the blind in a very practical manner. Some blind people to-day are holding full-time jobs as telephonists because they have been trained by the officers of the PostmasterGenerals Department. I hope that some day something further will be done by the Australian Government to assist in the training of blind persons. If we could work together with these splendid organizations, which are doing so much for the blind, we could play a better part in rehabilitating blind persons who want to take up some occupation.
Wonderful work has been done in this connexion at St. Dunstans, in England. If I may, I should like to digress for a moment in order to mention a case in which I have been tremendously interested for years. It is the case of an ex-serviceman who was blinded during the war and who, after being trained at St. Dunstans, was able to administer treatment at the rehabilitation centre in Queensland.
 He is not assisting blind people only. He is blind, but he is giving treatment to all rehabilitation cases. His case is splendid proof that those unfortunates who suffer from blindness can be trained to do the work they want to do. This man always wanted to be a masseur. Despite the fact that he was blind, his training at St. Dunstans overseas made it possible for him, upon his return to Australia, to carry out the work that he has always wanted to be able to do. I hope that as the years go by more and more assistance will be given to those organizations and institutions which train people to do the kind of work they want to do.
 I am certain the Opposition would not oppose it. Perhaps, if the Government and those philanthropic associations which are interested in this work got together even more than has been done could be done for these unfortunate people. This Government certainly has given a lead by taking the initial step of abolishing the means test for blind persons.
The bill also provides for a higher proportion of the maternity allowance to be paid to expectant mothers by way of prenatal payment. The amount which may be paid within four weeks prior to the expected date of birth has been increased from 5 to 10. This gives the expectant mother greater opportunity to use the allowance to purchase a layette. It is an important and humane improvement in our social services benefits. I know of many cases in which mothers have been confronted with a very real problem at that particular time, and this increase in prenatal allowance is merely another instance of this Governments appreciation of the needs of this section of the community - the family unit.
Taking the bill as a whole, we see a measure designed to increase the amount of money that is to be used to assist those who are most in need. Greater provision is being made to assist widows and children, and in this measure we have a practical demonstration by the Government of its keen appreciation of the need for generous social services, and the aged and invalid can be assured that they will receive the most sympathetic consideration at all times from this Administration. I am especially appreciative of the step taken to rectify what in my opinion has been an anomaly for many years. I refer to what might be termed the blank years, the period for which a widow must wait after her youngest child attains the age of sixteen years before becoming eligible for a pension. Now, when she reaches 45 years of age, the widow in those circumstances will be entitled to a pension. She will now receive assistance during what is perhaps one of the most critical periods of her life, a time when she needs help more than any other time, and certainly at a time when she deserves it for having played the part of both mother and father to her children after the death of her husband. I support the bill and congratulate the Government upon bringing it down.
.- Listening to the debate to-day, I am reminded of the days before federation, when I was young and active in politics. In those days, we were told exactly what Senator Wright has told us in such an impressive manner to-day. We were told that it was absolutely impossible for the Government to provide social services. We were also told that if the people would only save their money for their old age pensions would not be necessary. In social services, as in all other things, the Labour party pioneered the way. The driving force of its sustained agitation was such that eventually social services were introduced and gradually developed to the position at which they are to-day. Of course, in the olden days, governments had no great appreciation of the fact that it was impossible for the majority of workers to save for their old age simply because wages then, just as is the case now, were based on the cost of sustenance. In those days, we were told that the workers wasted their money; and the crowds in hotels and on racecourses were pointed to indignantly as examples of workers who were wasting their money. Eventually, the time came when government had to take notice and do something. In the olden days, they confused the particular with the general. Because two or three persons wasted their money, they assumed that all persons wasted their money, but eventually social services came into existence, and the Labour party pioneered the way. Labours agitation was so effective that eventually the government simply had to make a virtue of necessity and introduce social services.
Senator Wright has said that social services will cost an extra 12,000,000 this year. That sounds very impressive. The same figure was used by the Minister, but it is not correct to say that they will cost that amount. In the olden days about which I speak, the purchasing power of the 1 was equal to that of a quarter of an ounce of gold, whereas to-day it is only equal to that of an eighth of an ounce of gold. In terms of gold, 12,000,000 is worth approximately 2,000,000 to-day. That is the way in which the people are being misled. When addressing 200 members of the Extension Board of the University of Sydney on the subject of business and law, at the university last night, Sir Garfield Barwick is reported in to-days  Daily Telegraph  as having said -
At the moment we find we have managed to get ourselves into a situation in which our financial practices are denied proper operations.
Inflation has got this Government by the throat. If adequate measures are not taken promptly to combat it, inflation will eventually throttle the Government, just as it has throttled other governments in the past.
Senator Wright has said that 12,000,000 will be spent, but that is a half-truth because the actual cost of material things required by pensioners was never lower as assessed in terms of gold, or labour time, or both. In terms of inflated currency, however, costs have never been higher, but the Government will not face this situation or attempt to explain it. It is a case of ignorance, or of fear to face the truth. Possibly, it is a bit of both.
When the age pension was increased from 3 10s. to 4, the increase of 10s. was simply a contribution towards making up a deficiency. The purchasing power of 3 10s. had been reduced to such an extent, by inflation and increased prices, that 10s. was simply a contribution towards covering the deficiency, and prices are still rising. The Government has fixed the rate of pensions, but monopoly control of supplies fixes purchasing power. To all intents and purposes, the Government has offered 4 a week to age pensioners, and then has thrown them to the wolves. In effect, it has said,  Charge them what you like . Just imagine paying 9d. for an orange and ls. 6d. for a quarter of a cabbage! What is the Government going to do about the decline in purchasing power? There is complete silence from the Government side.
The increases proposed in the bill will contribute towards making up deficiencies, but again prices will rise, and there will be an increase of rents. The housing- position for aged people is appalling. Men and women work all their lives. Many of them are uninformed on economics and politics. They accept what the representatives of governments tell them. When they are no longer able to work, they are virtually thrown to the wolves.
Society is run according to the ethics of the pack. So long as a person is profitable as a worker, he is allowed to live on a subsistence level, but when he can work no longer, he is cast aside. It does not matter how hard he works or how much he contributes to the wealth of private capitalists. Those things are not taken into consideration. The aged persons are left to get along as best they can. Many of them die of malnutrition, but nothing is done. Senator OByrne said that Senator Wrights heart was iron-bound. It is not his heart but his head that is iron-bound, and that applies to many other supporters of the Government. Senator Wright is an educated man and a lawyer but he, and others like him, are unequipped to deal with the situation when they get into the field of economics and politics.
When I am told that supporters of the Government are full of sympathy for the pensioners, I recall that that is what I was told when I was a young man. They offer plenty of sympathy, but nothing else.
I am not impressed by the statements of honorable senators on the Government side. Is there sufficient food, clothing and housing, or materials for housing, in Australia to provide for these people? The answer is,  Yes . There is more than sufficient. The pensioners are not concerned so much with the money they get, but with what the money will buy. The Government is indifferent to the prevailing high prices. Action has been taken by the workers, however, and further action will be taken, because a point is reached in mathematics where quantitative differences bring out qualitative changes. Then we will realize that unconstitutional methods have brought about constitutional changes after all. As Sir Garfield Barwick stated in the press yesterday -
Ever since this Government has been in office, the financial situation has gone from bad to worse. Senator McManus and Senator Wright suggested a commission to inquire into social services. All the commissions that have inquired into monetary affairs have been just as lacking as the Government is in knowledge and moral courage. Salaries generally have been increased, but there has been no increase of purchasing power, and not one royal commission has attempted to point out, as Sir Garfield Barwick has implied, that inflation has spread throughout the country, and the Government can do nothing about it.
I am not impressed by the contents of the bill. In effect, there will be no increase of pensions under this measure. Immediately rates of pension are raised, those outside who have control of commodities, and are a law unto themselves, increase prices. It seems to me that the Government is at a dead end or that it is deliberately doing what was done in the thirties, that is, bringing about a state of affairs in which a demand would be made by economists and other prominent persons to reduce costs. There would be a consequent attempt to reduce pensions, wages and government expenditure, although government expenditure is already being reduced. The pensioners, workers in receipt of the lowest rate of wages, and the unemployed would suffer most. Actually, unemployment is increasing everywhere, but particularly in South
Australia amongst the vehicle builders, the shipbuilders in New South Wales, and in the ordinary building industry in other States. I repeat that the persons to whom I have referred would be the casualties of the Governments incompetence, callousness or indifference. I consider that I should be remiss in my duty as a senator if I did not emphasize these things.
My experience has convinced me that nothing will be done until pressure is applied from outside. In other words, as I have stated before, needs must where the devil drives. After all is said and done, the Parliament, as a parliament, yields only to pressure. I have yet to learn where the Parliament has taken the initiative in any worthwhile proposition. Senator Annabelle Rankin said that the Government would do its best. My experience has convinced me beyond all doubt that the Government will do nothing of the kind, that it will do only what it is compelled to do. If the press says that something must be done for age pensioners, honorable senators opposite and Government supporters in another place say,  Yes, the position is desperate . Outside organizations might say the same as the press, but not one practical proposal is submitted. May I be pardoned for repeating myself and saying that it is due to a lack of either knowledge - knowing the education system as I do, I would not be surprised at that - or moral courage, or possibly both.
I have had a lot to do with age pensioners in Victoria and other places, and also with aged persons before pensions were introduced. I can recall going to an old mens home at Claremont, which is a suburb between Perth and Fremantle, during World War I.
 Before the honorable senators time, it was at Claremont. I was conducting a very necessary and useful agitation for unemployed at that time. Several unemployed persons were offered positions at the old mens home, and they told me about the appalling conditions under which the old men were living. I could hardly believe it. I reported the matter to the executive of the Trades Hall Council, but members of the executive said that it was impossible for such conditions to exist. I did not obtain much assistance there. A man named Dunn was the editor of Truth at that time. I asked him to come down to the home with me, and we went down without notifying the authorities that we were going. The conditions under which those people lived sickened him. He exposed the whole matter in  Truth . As a result, a royal commission, presided over by Dr. Jull, was appointed, and the charges that we made were proved to the hilt. But no worthwhile improvement was made. On my last visit to Western Australia, as PostmasterGeneral, in 1949, I went to the home and noted that the same state of affairs existed. I shall not state exactly the conditions that obtained, because honorable senators would be shocked. One can scarcely believe that, in a so-called Christian country with a so-called Christian government, and churches and similar bodies in the community, such a terrible state of affairs should exist.
I am speaking from my own knowledge. I express the opinion, now, as a result of my own experience, that this Government will not attempt to do anything to provide for the helpless members of the community. Persons such as waterside workers, transport workers, building trades workers, and engineers, would not tolerate the conditions to which I have referred. What the Government is relying upon more than anything else to convey the impression that costs are prohibitive is our fraudulently inflated currency. Unfortunately, because they have not been taught differently, very many people believe that costs are prohibitive and that nothing can be done to prevent an increase of prices. They look in vain to the press and to other persons to give them an explanation. The Government is dealing with human life - men, women and children. I am quite certain that the age pensioners will get nothing more than this Government, or any other anti-Labour government, is compelled to give to them. There was a howl when Labour introduced the unemployment relief benefit, but now it is accepted as being commonplace. But that does not meet the situation. More has to be done, and unless it is done, this Government is destined to learn the hard way because it refuses to do something in the nature of abstract reasoning to inform its mind.
 I congratulate the Government upon making selective increases of pensions payable to widows and invalids, and also on removing the anomaly which was referred to at length by my colleague, Senator Annabelle Rankin, in connexion with the regranting of pensions to women at the ase of 45 years. I was particularly interested to hear the Deputy Leader of the Opposition (Senator Kennelly) refer to the secondreading speech of the Minister (Senator Spooner) as  propaganda . I think he said that it was pure propaganda. We usually take the word propaganda to mean statements which are not true, but the Minister, in his speech, was able to show that the Menzies Government had raised the rates of pensions in five out of seven budgets it has brought down. That is a very remarkable achievement for any government. At the same time, this Government has consistently liberalized the means test.
Senator Kennelly referred to a sum of 750,000 and said that it was the total concession that the Government was making in pensions. My colleague, Senator Wright, drew attention to the fact that in this budget the increase will be to the order of 12,000,000. The overall cost of pensions will be 227,320,000. These are record figures in the history of federation, representing as they do, one-fifth of the revenue. I was particularly interested to hear Senator Kennelly say that he felt some doubt as to how this Government, or any other government, could, in bad seasons, afford to pay such a large amount of money. I could not follow the honorable senators reasoning, because that remark followed his suggestion that pensions should be increased all round. If the Government found difficulty in meeting a commitment of 227,000,000, surely an addition of some extra millions of pounds, without overhauling the whole social services structure, would give us cause for grave concern.
Senator Kennelly said that the Canadian and New Zealand pension schemes were superior to the Australian because their payments were more generous. The honorable senator did not say what proportion of the national incomes of those countries was represented by their pension payments, nor did he refer to the rate of taxation that is levied in those two countries. Those two points are germane to the question. It is necessary to know what proportion of the national income is expended in pensions, and also what is the level of taxation, before any sort of authoritative comparison can be made. The honorable senator then went on to say that 85 per cent, of the people drawing pensions had no other income. That statement was in substantiation of his claim for a 10s. increase over the whole of the pension field.
In my budget speech I said - and I make no apology for saying it - that I do not believe a person in receipt of 4 a week, living alone and paying rent, can exist. I am certain that many elderly people would be at starvation level at the present time if they were not assisted by voluntary associations. An increase of 10s. a week would not be the answer to the problem. Perhaps if the Government provided, for people who have no other income, some form of subsidy for rent or a grant for particular needs, it would be a better plan. I do not know how it would be worked out, but I am certain that in the community there is a hard core of people who are in desperate economic straits. I should like to have some information to support the figure of 85 per cent, mentioned by Senator Kennelly because I have been unable to ascertain, from inquiries I have made, that any detailed survey has been made in relation to pensioners since the days of the depression. Consequently, no statistical information is available as to how many people make up the hard core about which I spoke. My own opinion is that they would not represent anything like 85 per cent.
In support of that statement I wish to quote to the Senate from a properly compiled table of statistics the number of pensioners drawing benefits. In a previous speech in the Senate I quoted figures that went back as far as the year 1931, but for the purpose of my examination this afternoon I shall go back only to the year 1950. These figures show that in that year there were 408,417 age and invalid pensioners. In 1951, the number was 411,724, an increase of 3,307. In 1952, when the first effects of the liberalized means test were being felt, the number of pensioners was 420,012, which was an increase of 8,288 on the preceding year. In 1953, the number had grown to 445,023, an increase of 25,011. In 1954, the number was 471,516, an increase of 26,493, and in 1955 it was 504,054, an increase of 32,538. The total increase of pensioners since 1950 was 95,637.
I have quoted those figures to show that in recent years, in which the influence of this Governments liberalization of the means test has had time to take effect, the number of pensioners has increased greatly. Senator Wright gave an all-over average figure, but I have given the precise numbers, which show an increase of more than 25,000 in one year, 26,000 in the next year, and 32,000 in the next. Those figures prove that as we have liberalized the means test, so we have brought into the pension field these 95,637 persons, quite a proportion of whom have not what might be called a considerable income but are definitely not entirely dependent upon the pension.
I was particularly interested in the proposition put forward by Senator McManus. I heartily agree with it. I do not think a more worth-while decision could emanate from the Senate than a decision that a royal commission, or commission of- inquiry, should be set up to investigate pensions and social services generally. Senator Kennelly gave us a resume of the pensions legislation since 1911-12, but, if my memory is correct, the poor law of England dates back to the reign of Elizabeth I. I can think of no better contribution to the benefit of the people of Australia, in these early years of the reign of the second Elizabeth, than that this royal commission should be set up for an investigation of this kind. A royal commission in Great Britain carried out such investigations from 1905 to 1909. That was followed later by the committee which eventually brought down the Beveridge report. Some of the features of that report are well known to honorable senators, and, although much of the thinking in it was done by men who were at that time claimed to be socialists, nevertheless everybody to-day agrees with much of it, particularly some of its statements regarding the elimination of thrift. Then, we had the Rowntree report; and in Australia we had a survey conducted by Dr. Hutchinson who was brought here under the Sidney Myer
Trust and the Rotary Club. He made some very unfortunate findings with regard to aged people in Australia.
It would be safe to say that we lag considerably behind the United Kingdom, Canada and the United . States of America in our appreciation of the needs of the aged people in our community. That is probably because, in the case of the United Kingdom, that country had the advantage of the fine Beveridge and Rowntree reports, whilst in the United States the universities and some of the welfare trusts have for years concerned themselves with the needs of the aged and the sick. I sincerely hope, therefore, that we will arrive at a method of determining not only the needs of the community but also the capacity of the people to meet those needs. Portion of Senator Wrights speech dealing with that aspect appealed to me very strongly. At a hearing of the Public Accounts Committee not so long ago when discussing the subject of defence I asked a question along these lines because I believe that we must, at all times, relate our expenditure, no matter in what sphere, to the capacity of the country to pay.
If such a commission as has been suggested is set up, one of the things it should investigate is the extension of home-help. I have spoken on this matter before, particularly in reference to the housekeeper schemes to which the Government contributes the small amount of 13,000. A need exists for setting up home-help schemes on a very large scale. The budget, of course, makes provision for assistance to the States for the nursing of domicilary cases. In Great Britain, Canada and the United States of America this scheme has been expanded considerably. I am attempting to approach the problem in two ways, first, on the level of providing a humanitarian service and, secondly, from the point of view of economic necessity. After all, if we can expand services designed to take help into the homes we shall remove the necessity to incur millions of pounds of capital expenditure. Not only would we be helping people who need this service, but we would also be doing good business for ourselves. We would thereby save the taxpayers millions of pounds.
I had a look at the most recent report of the British Ministry of Health. I found that voluntary activities are operating, in the main, through local old peoples welfare committees which cover practically every country and burrough in England. In my own State of Victoria - I do not know about the other States - we have an old peoples welfare council which is attempting to do the advisory work; but what is needed is the active participation of governments to supply to these organizations the capital to enable them to take the necessary services right into the homes of the people.
A very remarkable home-help service is attached to the Department of Hospitals of New York city. That department-operates the hospitals and its home-care programme started only in 1948 in a few selected hospitals, but it is now developing enormously. It caters for patients in all age groups who are in need of long-term care - the child with a cardiac condition, the arthritis, multiple sclerosis or Hodgkins disease patient, as well as the aged patient with the various chronic conditions which occur with increased frequency in old age.
In the development of a proper domicilary treatment scheme the Menzies Government has shown imagination in the field of social services which has been sadly lacking in the past. I have a report from Canada on the way in which that country has developed these services. It has done so for the very reason that I have outlined, namely, that it found that not only increasing costs make the cost of building a hospital, or an institution, almost prohibitive, but also the bed-cost per patient to-day is absolutely staggering. I read some reports last week, but did not take a note of the figures. They related to Victorian hospitals and, if my memory serves me aright, showed that the cost of providing hospital treatment ranged from about 35 to 45 a bed a week. How much more economical and better would it be for an elderly person, who so desired, to receive treatment in his or her own home? Certainly, the provision of homes for the aged has gone a long way towards meeting the needs of old people. I have visited a number of these places, and cannot fault them; they are beautiful institutions. Nevertheless, I sincerely hope that if in the future, through age, it becomes necessary for me to be confined to bed, I shall be allowed to remain in my own home. I do not think that all the chromium plating and other adornments of institutions compensate one for leaving his or her home. I feel very keenly about this subject. To me it is of paramount importance, both economically and sociologically.
I should like to make a very special plea to the Government to make provision in the rehabilitation scheme for the assistance of housewives. Our rehabilitation services are most generous, and, I believe, second to none; but the housewives and the mothers have been left completely unprovided for. I have before me several case histories to illustrate my contention. They have been supplied to me by a leading doctor, so that I could bring them to the notice of the Senate. The first reads as follows: -
Mrs. G. suffered a left hemiplagia, and had to leave hospital for financial reasons early in her illness. She is confined to bed at home and is looked after by her husband. A visiting physiotherapist would be invaluable for this type of patient, of which there are a great number. The majority of them cannot afford the services of a physiotherapist.
Mrs. H., aged 32 years, during her ninth pregnancy in 1954 developed poliomyelitis and was transferred to Fairfield. She returned home one month later and was confined to bed until the baby was delivered in December, 1954. The mother returned home on the twelfth day. She was still suffering the effects of poliomyelitis, and had her right arm in a splint. During all this time, her husband with the help of his sister cared for the family. Mrs. H. could have benefited from regular physiotherapy and some home assistance.
Mrs. M., Mrs. C, Mrs. G. and others - during the epidemic of hepatitis which occurred last year and early this year - were confined to bed for periods of three to six weeks. During this time their children and husbands had to get along as best they could, relying on neighbours or relatives to cook and so on. For these cases, some home assistance would be valuable.
In the case of these women, the Governments assistance to voluntary organizations for home nursing will be of great benefit. However, women who have contracted poliomyelitis or who suffer from disabilities require regular physiotherapy and other rehabilitation treatment. I do not know what would be the cost of implementing my suggestion, but I do not think that it would impose too great a strain on the financial resources of the Government.
I wish now to direct attention to an anomaly that exists in relation to pensions payable to elderly people. Through no fault of their own, they are sometimes required to relinquish beds that they occupy in hospitals, and to transfer to a mental hospital where beds are available. But immediately they enter a mental hospital their pension ceases. Of course, that may be in conformity with the agreement under which the Commonwealth makes grants to the States for the maintenance of mental institutions, but the sad feature is that the pensioners concerned lose the small amount of pocket-money to which they have been accustomed. Several have cried to me, saying that all of a sudden they just did not have a penny in the world. They have been accustomed to spending a few shillings a week on postage, personal requisites, and perhaps occasionally on small gifts. This anomaly in the law causes great mental agitation to the elderly people concerned.
If time permitted, one could speak at length on the changing attitude of the community towards the needs of the aged. As the expected span of life is now greater than formerly, we are confronted with problems associated with the maintenance of elderly people for a greater number of years. Senator Cameron said that when the system of age pensions was first introduced, the pensions were on the lowest scale possible; but I remind him that when age pensions were first granted it was not expected that many people would reach the age when they would become eligible for them. If honorable senators look at a table of life expectation they will find that at the turn of the century the expectation of life was not even 60 years.
 I hope to live to be as old as Senator Cameron; but in the last few years the expectation of life has increased so greatly that the present generation, and future generations, will have to find the answer to the problem of the care of the aged which at the present time seems almost insoluble. I am not prepared to say that if the pension were increased to 4 10s. a week that would be sufficient to keep a person who does not own his own home or who is sick, and I do not think that any honorable senator opposite would advocate that. However, it is undeniable that if we are to spread an increase of social services over a vast number of pensioners, the increase will have to be spread very thinly, and consequently we shall give no real assistance to the pensioner who has nothing but his pension.
We have had some thoughtful contributions on this subject from both sides of the Senate, and I agree that an independent authority should determine pensions. Under the present legislation, a person can own a home worth 10,000 or 12,000- indeed there is no limit to the value of a home a person may own - and still qualify for the pension. Of course, I do not suggest that there should be such a limit, but pensioners may have any amount of money invested in a home, they may own motor cars, receive superannuation payments and be in a position to receive an overall income of 16 10s. a week as well as medical and pharamaceutical benefits. Are such pensioners to be paid an additional 10s. a week, or should the increase be confined to those who have nothing but their pensions? I know which side I should be on in that matter.
I support the bill. I believe that in the circumstances the Government has taken another progressive step in social services legislation consistent with its attitude ever since it came to office. But I hope that it will see its way to set up some body which will lift the whole matter of pensions out of the realm of party politics. We have heard many pleas made in this chamber to discuss pensions free from party politics, but immediately after those pleas have been made the matter has been discussed from a party political angle. However, the subject is now of such importance to so many people that it should be completely divorced from party politics lest an insuperable burden be placed on future generations. I hope that the suggestion made by Senator McManus and supported by Senator Wright and Senator Kennelly, and which, I believe, has the general approval of all honorable senators, will be considered by the Government so that social services payments and contributory retiring allowances for all persons will be determined and placed upon a proper basis. I support the bill.
 I appreciate the deep sincerity of Senator Wedgwood and her feelings towards people who need to participate in our social services. I know that she, as a social worker, has made a profound study of the problems that face all those persons who are so unfortunate that they need assistance from the welfare State, or from persons interested in providing welfare services. However, one aspect of this matter has been studiously avoided by the Government, and that is that more than 50 per cent, of our pensioners are living at starvation level.
 I do not care what Senator Kennelly said. I did penance listening for about an hour to Senator Wedgwoods address, and I now ask her to listen to mine. More than 50 per cent, of our pensioners have to live on only the maximum rate for a single person. When two pensioners, that is a man and his wife, are living together, they receive 8 a week, or 4 a week each. All those people are in desperate circumstances. Honorable senators can talk about soup kitchens, mobile meal services and the provision of accommodation for a small minority of the pensioners, but none of those things affects in any way the 50 per cent, of our pensioners who are destitute.
During the debates that have ensued in the Senate since the budget was introduced, petitions have been presented from thousands of destitute pensioners and placed before the relevant Ministers, but they have not even been acknowledged. I should like to know what has happened to those petitions, because they were drawn up after much hard work and at considerable expense by people who are suffering and destitute. I have before me a pile of letters from such people to which I shall refer later. These people do not seek to be placed in positions of affluence; they want just enough food to keep them alive. I know that every honorable senator on the Government side would be prepared to work as a social worker among those people. No honorable senators head or heart is so hard that he does not appreciate the difficulties of the pensioner; but we must deal with real issues.
The Government has stated that it has made remarkable strides in social services, and the Opposition claims that it should be given some credit for its part in improving our social services system; but nobody can feel satisfied with conditions under which a vast number of people are not adequately provided for. Despite all this boasting and all this self-aggrandizement on the part of governments it is tragic to think that in an economy in which margins are being lifted, in which wages and costs are being increased, the most defenceless citizen in the community, the pensioner, is expected to exist on the flat rate of 4 a week. With every piece of legislation it introduces, the Government reminds us of the increasing costs of departments and services, yet it stubbornly refuses to increase the pensioners paltry pittance. It is all very well to say that an extra 10s. a week will not completely correct his position; I agree that it will not, but we as a Christian nation are charged with the responsibility of caring for these people, and they should be given some consideration. As an example of the inadequacy of the present miserable pension, I remind honorable senators that if a pensioner pays 2s. 6d. for each of three meals in a day and then spends only 5s. for a bed he has already over-spent his pension.
A further factor that must be considered and upon which the Government stands condemned is the way in which indirect taxation affects the pensioner. He is required to pay indirect taxation at the same rate as is any other person in the community and in this way he returns a considerable proportion of his miserable pittance to government revenue. For instance, if a pensioner buys a pasty, pie or piece of fruit-cake in an attempt to make his pittance go further, he is required to pay sales tax on it; and I see hundreds of pensioners buying these things in Perth. It is disgraceful to think that the Government should adopt this means of reimbursing itself for the paltry sum it makes available to these unfortunate people. At this stage I make it clear that I have nothing but praise for the work done by administrators and all other officers of the Department of Social Services in the various States, and it is good to be able to say that progressively the Government is developing a social conscience; but, at the same time, the mere development of a social conscience does nothing to ameliorate the plight of that unfortunate 55 per cent, of our pensioners who are struggling to exist on sub-standard conditions and are suffering from poverty and malnutrition. Medical men and leading social workers admit that most of the medical treatment which these people are receiving is not for any physical illness but for malnutrition. The Government may be able to boast about what it is doing in the way of establishing institutions, which I admit are doing excellent work, but in actual fact it is only scratching the surface. During this time of inflation when it is extracting the highest possible sums from our citizens by way of indirect taxation irrespective of capacity to pay, this Government is recreant to its obligations to care for the most defenceless section of our community, the pensioners, who are expected to exist on a pension which remains static at the miserable sum of 4 a week. I have with me a number of letters written by pensioners who ask in the name of Christ that that they be given food. They want nothing else. Incidentally, they have each paid 3-Jd. in postage on their letters, and I remind the Senate that if they had been written a few days later the charge would have been 4id. Yet, their pension remains the same. All they ask is that they be given food. They want nothing else. If the Government denies them that, it is recreant to its obligation to the really poor in the community.
It may be argued that at this time we should not increase all pensions, that we cannot afford to do so. If we cannot afford to increase them all, if there is to be some discrimination, then I am confident all honorable senators will agree that we should first take action to remove from the 55 per cent, to whom I have referred the threat of eventual extermination through malnutrition. I leave the letters to which I have referred with the Clerk of the Senate in the hope that he will pass them on to the Minister. I repeat that they are letters from people who want nothing more than food.
Other matters have been discussed at length by other honorable senators, all of whom are charitably minded and can still see room for some better evidence of a full appreciation of the plight of these unfortunate citizens.
The Government did not improve the field of social services when it excluded certain pensioners from pharmaceutical and medical benefits. It extended the means test, and so brought some persons into the pensions field, but then it excluded them from pharmaceutical benefits, medical treatment and hospital treatment. Those pensioners have been placed in a class on their own, and they are suffering as a result. Some of them have retained their membership in medical and hospital benefits funds, but most of them cannot afford to join an approved society. The Government should consider them, and treat them more sympathetically.
Government supporters have stated thai the Government is spending 226,000,000 a year on social services. That is a frightening figure. Unfortunately, successive governments have made a political football of social services, and they always reach a point where they speak of the huge liability that is involved. A sincere attempt was made once to establish a national welfare fund. The government of the day set aside certain money which was to be available only for social services. The Government was not pleased to call it a national insurance scheme, but that is what, in effect, it was. Money was collected by way of taxes which were levied according to ability to pay. The money was to be used exclusively for social services. In effect, the people were paying a premium, and the money was put into trust.
We would have had a national insurance scheme in operation now if that money had been left undisturbed, but there was a change of approach to this matter on a government level. The new government decided to pay the money that had been collected into Consolidated Revenue. It imposed a tax to raise revenue, and returned to the bad and antiquated method of paying money from Consolidated Revenue into the National Welfare Fund, and then distributing it to the people. There are no reserves in that fund. As the national economy fluctuates, the welfare of the people who are dependant on social services fluctuates also. If we had another depression, we would return to the position in which we were placed before. The Government would have to rely on Consolidated Revenue, money would not be available and social services payments would not be made because of the Governments poverty and maladministration, or because of unfortunate national circumstances. Social services should be run on an insurance basis so that reserves would be available. Any scheme evolved should be based on ability to pay. The strong should carry the weak, even if they are a charge on the fund at the beginning. 1 direct attention to the plight of immigrants from the United Kingdom, who require a pension or social services benefits. A reciprocal agreement for the payment of pensions has been reached between the United Kingdom and the Australian Government. Generally, it works fairly satisfactorily, but anomalies arise from time to time. A man may be a member of an insurance scheme in the United Kingdom, but his wife is not a contributor. If they immigrate to Australia and the wife becomes ill her case is referred to the United Kingdom under the reciprocal agreement but, as the wife has never been a contributor to the scheme, her husband has to carry the liability. We do not provide any relief for such a person unless she has been a resident of Australia for five years. There are not many of these cases, but some arrangement should be made to meet the need when it arises. I suggest that the Deputy Directors of Social Services in each State should be given some power to grant assistance in those cases.
The Opposition believes that the Government has a duty to those pensioners for whom I appealed in opening my speech. Thousands of pensioners have nothing else but the pension. They have no homes, and they are living in poverty. The Government should amend this measure to meet their needs.
That the Senate, at its rising, adjourn to Tuesday, 16th October next, at 3 p.m., unless sooner called together by the President by telegram or letter.
Cite as: Australia, Senate, Debates, 27 September 1956, viewed 22 October 2017, <http://historichansard.net/senate/1956/19560927_senate_22_s9/>.
To become a PADI Open Water Scuba Instructor (OWSI) you must attend an Instructor Development Course (IDC). This is a program during which you will learn about PADI system and how to teach PADI courses like Open Water, Advanced Open Water, Rescue Diver and Divemaster.
Your dive theory knowledge must be up-to-date, there is no teaching of it during the IDC. If you feel that you need some additional tuition, I can arrange for you prior to IDC a preparation session.
During the IDC we will teach you how to prepare classroom teaching presentations, confines water presentations and open water presentations. We will also give you an overview of the dive industry and give you hints and tips for your future career as PADI Instructor.
After passing the IDC you will attend an IE (Instructor Examination). This is conducted by independent PADI examiner, and must be done within 12 months after completing of the IDC. In Pattaya you have this possibility almost every month and if necessary within Thailand even more often. For the schedule please refer to IDC-IE-Calender.
news and informations automotive,business,crime,health,life,politics,science,technology,travelautomotive,business,crime,health,life,politics,science,technology,travel
Translate site to: Albanian Arabic Bulgarian Catalan Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Croatian Czech Danish Dutch Estonian Filipino Finnish French Galician German Greek Hebrew Hindi Hungarian Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Latvian Lithuanian Maltese Norwegian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Serbian Slovak Slovenian Spanish Swedish Thai Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese
Our daily activities involve sound. Mark works at a radio station, and Joey is a freelance field producer for different radio networks and stations. Once in a while, were asked to take on a special project that requires more than the efforts of just the two of us:
The Water Education Foundation came back to us in 2012 to have us develop a series of radio spots designed to drive traffic to the No Drugs Down the Drain web site.
WEF wanted the spots done quickly, so we dispensed with the casting process and asked Martin, our announcer from the first series, to reprise his role for this series. Martin also took a crack at our snooty French waiter (for the Nitro With That spot  note that the names were for our internal use, and not presented to the sponsors that way). Martin nailed that performance, so Mark ended up being the announcer for that spot, with WEF staffer Beth as the customer.
In 2006, the Water Education Foundation came to us for help in developing some radio spots designed to drive traffic to their web site.
We developed two different series of spots, with three spots rotating in each series to keep the message fresh.
The challenge came in developing the Spanish language versions of the spots. We dont speak Spanish. Where would we find a translator and bilingual actors, all of whom would be working for a relatively tiny fee?
Joeys idea of checking local colleges for translators worked better than we could have hoped. Alejandra was a teaching assistant at a local college, and was not only able to translate the text, but checked our actors pronunciation as they were recording.
We hired actors mostly from California Stage, where they were in production with Let the Eagle Fly (a salute to Cesar Chavez and the United Farm Workers). Many in the cast were bilingual to some extent, and with Alejandra making sure their pronunciation was accurate, our actors turned in some fine performances.
The spots! These files are hosted at archive.org, and belong to the Water Education Foundation, which kindly allowed us to post them here. If youd like to use them, contact the Water Education Foundation. All sound is original to the project. (Each spot plays first in English, then in Spanish.)
It is the exchange of ideas that causes the increasing rate of innovation in the modern world. Expand your knowledge, share that knowledge, and create more knowledge.
Challenge deeply-held beliefs. Challenge automatic assumptions. Break out of heuristics, re-think routines, and get inspired.
Just as creativity and innovation are not limited to a certain industry or population, the tools, tips, and tricks arent either. Apply ideas from across industries to spark transformation.
Explore ideas and content across topics, industries, and interest areas. Make connections, see commonalities, and spur innovative thinking.
When it comes to social media, think beyond likes, updates, and shares. Social media provides the foundation for
The sharing economy has already led to an economic transformation in how we consume and procure goods and
Spur innovative thinking by connecting the threads between seemingly discrete ideas, provocations, and insights. Just as innovative thinking
Gain insight into the practice of business analytics and learn how different organizations leverage data. Data can be
Our current rate of consumption is simply just not sustainable. In order for us to right the ship, to ensure a future for our children, Tensie Whelan argues that we must redefine value. No longer
Professor Susan Stehlik argues that leadership presence is more than a characteristic or learned quality, but can instead speak to the essence of a person; after all, were all leaders in the action or task
Sustainability is key to the future of organizations, the future of work, and the future of the planet. Tensie Whelan, the founder and director of NYU Sterns Center for Sustainable Business, outlines the steps an
One of the interesting developments [] has been that [companies] are working more in what they call uncommon collaboration.
In its simplest case, origami finds an application wherever you need something to be small during the journey and large at the destination.
For many, origami tends to conjure visions of paper cranes and layers of delicately folded paper. Uttam Grandhi, an artist and paper engineer who considers origami a key skill in his repertoire, shares about how
Cryptocurrency. Bitcoin. Blockchain. Mining. These very names and terms suggest a sort of mystery around the whole concept of digital currency, and the role it plays in today's financial ...
Josh, like many other college students, struggles with balancing a schedule and making it to classes on time. That is until he crosses paths with an academic success coach from the Bepko Learning Center. Watch this to learn some ways of making the most out of your time!
Have you ever been speaking and someone talks over you? Have you ever spoken over someone while they were talking? If you answered yes to either of those questions, this video is for you! Check out some useful tips in this video for communication with peers, instructors, and while online.
Most college students have had an encounter (or two) with procrastination sometime during their college career. This video discusses several tips for fighting back against procrastination through motivating yourself!
Four years ago, I wrote about my empty next and the three things I noticed. What I didnt realize at the time, was that my kids were away at collegebut they werent really gone. Not permanently. Now I have two fully-employed kids living their own adult lives. My nest is empty. Well, maybe not totally. My son came home for the weekend, my daughter visited two weeks ago. It just feels empty in between.
Lets start with towels. First off, we own too many of them. I gathered our towels into one room and separated the wheat from the chaff. I asked my son Robert if he needed any. I recall sending him off to college four years ago with a small set of matched towels. Hes survived with those two towels all this time? Plus, a beach towel of course  since he goes to UC Santa Barbara.
Eighteen towels and two dozen or so hand towels and washcloths sit on his bed, awaiting his return Thanksgiving weekend. These 18 towels didnt make the cut to remain members of our family  unless they commit to being shredded into rags.
The next thing I noticed about my towels is that Im no longer washing them every time I turn around. I raised two overly hygienically-conscious kids and since they were swimmers, I believe they went through four or five towels daily  each  which never got a second use. I no longer have to hear the thump, thump, thump of my washing machine doing a jig with the over-packed, heavy towel load.
Have I mentioned that I raised two swimmers? We joined the Piranha Swim Team around 1999. I honestly believe that having my kids involved in swimming was the single best thing we ever did as parents. Sure, the kids worked hard. Yes, it was a time commitment. But, I will repeat, it was the single best thing we ever did. You can find a lot of my articles about the benefits here and here and here. Read what my friend has to say about swimming here.
So, what does this fact have to do with groceries? Well, it means I bought a lot of them. All the time. Robert drank a half gallon of milk a day and a box of Cinnamon Life every two days. Kat could eat whatever she wanted and she liked my sole, chicken and dumplings, meatloaf, and brown medley rice. At least I think she did because I was always cooking and buying more groceries.
Today, my refrigerator is bare and I rarely cook. Theres no reason to buy more than three items at a time at the grocery store. When I enter the store, I dont need a cart. I use the little hand-held basket.
I cannot seem to get a load of dishes to wash for the life of me. My sink is empty. My dishwasher sits bare and lonely.
I guess thats what they make Thanksgiving weekend for. I cant wait for Thanksgiving and Christmas this year and having a full house once again.
Posted in college age kids, Empty Nest, motherhood, Parenting	| Tagged college age kid, how empty nest is different, how much food do swimmers eat, how to keep up with groceries for athletes, leaving the nest, raising swimmers, the constant care of growing kids, towels	| 4 Replies
She starts work on Monday. This is her first post-college real job. Ive been looking at all the pics on Facebook with the first day of school photos. Something that parents of younger kids do today that we did not for the photo of that momentous day each yearthey pose their children with signs. Some are simple cardboard with black sharpie touting First Day of Kindergarten and some are elaborate and framed.
I never did that. In fact, I dont know a single person who did that during our day and age of being parents of young kiddos. We did snap a picture  and back then it wasnt digital of our kids glowering at us in their carefully chosen first-day outfits. I guess, looking back, it would be helpful to have the grade and year staring back from the photo, but I can mostly tell which year it was. Im only off by one or two years.
So, my daughters first day of work is coming up. Im on my way to spend a few days with her in her new home. Im planning on helping her build a few pieces of furniture from Ikea, unpack boxes and organize so she doesnt feel like shes drowning in clutter and chaos. On her first day of work, Id love to go with her. Id like to pretend that its back in the old days when I could walk into her classroom with her and see where her desk was. Where her cubby was for her lunchbox. But, of course, I wont do that.
But, what are the odds that shell pose for me holding a sign? Slim to none? Well, I think it would be cute. Fun. And of course, Im kidding about going to work with her. And taking the picture. Sort of. But if I cant get her to take the First Day of Work pic, I can always try one with Waffles. First Day Home Alone. Or, First Day in Doggie Daycare! Hes a known poser for sure.
Whats your opinion of the first day of school pictures? Do you have a family tradition that you follow?
Posted in children, Dogs, Empty Nest, mothers and daughters, social media	| Tagged back to school photos, facebook, first day of work, kids in grade school, posting first day of school pics, social media and back to school, taking the perfect back to school pic	| Leave a reply
This week, Im driving my husband to work because hes recently had shoulder surgery and has not been cleared by his doctor to drive. I am not complaining and have no problem with this at all. I enjoy the 30-minute drive with him to his office. The problem is that his alarm goes off at 3:45 am. Yes, before 4 oclock in the morning.
Of course, his alarm has gone off at that exact time for years. However, I had mastered the art of putting a pillow over my head, rolling over and ignoring it and the noise he makes getting ready for work. I managed to sleep until the late hour of 6:30 a.m. and sometimes even 7 a.m.
This week, I have said to him, Wake me up at the last minute before youre ready to go and Ill be ready to drive in a few seconds.
However, knowing that Ill be leaving the comfort of my bed in the dark, isnt conducive to falling back to sleep. Instead, after failing to return to my dreams, I give up. Id rather drive showered, with clean teeth and a freshly washed face than stinky.
The end result is that Ive been in kind of fog this week. I get back home ready to start my day, but within a few hours, Im really, really tired. Yesterday I fell asleep at 5 p.m. I sat down to read and nodded right out. It was only a brief nap, but Ive never been able to nap well before.
Today was much easier to get up and so far I have more energy. Maybe Ill get used to this new early riser schedule. I wonder how many days it takes to change your internal clock? It makes me think about how tough it is for most kids at the start of a new school year. Thats another reason why we appreciated swimming. Although our childrens summer schedule was not as early as during the school year, they were used to getting to the pool by 7 a.m. all summer long. It wasnt a stretch to transition back to the school schedule.
Ive always liked the morning, just not the hours before 5 a.m. But after all, the early bird gets the worm. I can do this! Maybe Ill be more productive with my work by getting an earlier start. Or, I could swim at 5:30 a.m. Masters like its no big deal.
What time do you get up in the morning? How long has it taken you to get adjusted to a new schedule?
Posted in Dreaming, Empty Nest	| Tagged early mornings, early risers, how early is too early?, how to adjust your internal clock, how to wake up early, what time should kids wake up	| 6 Replies
Thank goodness Im almost through with a momentous August. Usually, my Augusts are quiet and peaceful with countless hours reading books by the ocean or a mountain lake. But not this year. Its been by far the craziest couple of weeks Ive lived through.
 My husbands pre-op nightmare battery of tests where they kept ordering test after test so he can have his shoulder surgery tomorrow. This is an entire story in itself that includes a cancer scare that I may write (complain) about on another day.
 Our dear friend passed out at the gym, having a blood clot lodge in her carotid artery causing a strokethe morning we were driving four hours to see her.She spent a few days in ICU and after a few days was released and went on beach walks with me.
 My sons girlfriends car accident on the day they were coming down to see us at the beach. The next few days helping them find a car. Eventually, they made it on vacation with usin their new car.
 Driving up the mountain to move the RV back to the desert with a friend to help us drive it down the twisty, windy roads. It wouldnt start by the way. The batteries died. I asked to borrow jumper cables and then a truck because our car has a weird-ass battery that cant be used to jump a car.
 Next, we drove to AZ to my daughters new house. My husband flew from Phoenix to Salt Lake City so he and my daughter could drive a U-Haul for 10 hours with her worldly possessions through flash floods and monsoon winds. I spent two days cleaning the dusty, dirty house until I was exhausted. But, I did have lil Waffles by my side the entire time.
 We hired movers to unload the U-Haul because of my husbands upcoming shoulder surgery, plus my daughters distance-swimmer shoulder. We were told about a website where you can hire two guys for two hours for moving, which I did. Guess what? The movers didnt show up!Im currently trying to get a refund.
 We spent Sunday putting together Ikea furniture and unpacking boxes before making the trek back home.
What could we squeeze in next? Shoulder surgery tomorrow and I get to be nurse and caretaker. Then Ill return to AZ and help my daughter get settledand bring the things I forgot to pack on our last triplike her work wardrobe! Whew! No wonder Ive been stressed lately.
Posted in Beach, children, Empty Nest, family vacation, Move-in day, Parenting	| Tagged Big Bear Lake, car crash, carotid artery, my crazy busy month, nightmare health care and doctors, Phoenix, Salt Lake City, stent, Summerland, Tempe, VRBO vacations, Waffles the Pug, what happened during my summer vacation, When things go wrong	| 6 Replies
Move-in day for the parents of college freshman can be overwhelming. Here are a few tips I wrote when we moved our daughter into her dorm room this week four years ago.
Yesterday was move-in day for our youngest. It was easy to spot check-in with bright red pop-up tents, a field of red carts and dollies, and a line of students ready to help move us in. Not us, but my daughter. It sure felt like us, though.
Being 15 minutes early was an excellent idea. There was parking. There were carts. There was a small line. Later in the day  parking was in the outer limits  and it was wall-to-wall students and parents making their way to the dorms with carloads of matching Big Box College-Bound gear.
Once in the room, we began lifting bedding, towels and clothing out of the cart. I wondered if Id be strong, without tears, and how Id get through the day.
1. Dont try and unpack for your kid. Dont try and put things away. This is their space, their new home. They need to make it their own.
2. Dont hover and stay in their room. Make sure they have what they need and leave them alone. Be sure to be nearby for when they will invariably call.
3. Be prepared to shop multiple times during move-in day. We made one trip to Bed, Bath and Beyond, Home Depot and Costco  and five to Target. This was after we drove a packed-to-the-hilt Sequoia through four states with everything she needed.
4. Make lists. The large stores have lists for your student to make shopping easier. Of course, they have way more things on their lists than you actually need, but its a good starting point. Make your own list with the stores list as a guide. After you move in your freshmans things, youll discover what you didnt think about or forgot  like strips to hang up pictures and art. Revise and rewrite your list as the day goes on.
5. Dont try to stay up with the roomie. Some roommates will come equipped with flat-screen TVs, $1,000 bikes, and the best and latest technology. Dont worry about what they have and you do not. In a dorm room, keep remembering the mantra  LESS IS MORE!
6. Dont go out and buy a router for the dorms WiFi until you read the section on technology on the colleges website. Most likely routers are not allowed and its a simple passcode that is needed instead.
7. Feed your student. He or she may be so intent on getting unpacked and settled and meeting dorm mates, that he or she wont take time to eat. Make sure to stock bananas, apples, yogurt and other healthy snacks in their room and fridge.
I made it through the day without tears  mostly. It was a long, busy and tiring day. When my husband and I stopped for lunch  alone  and I realized that we were truly alone  the tears ran down my cheeks. I wiped them off and prepared myself for battle for the next stop at Target. When its time to say goodbye  well, Ill tell you how that goes. You can read about how I said goodbye here.
Posted in children, college freshman, college parents, Empty Nest, motherhood, mothers and daughters, Move-in day, Parenting, Utah, Utes	| Tagged 7 tips for move in day, Bed bath and beyond, Costco, essential things for college dorm rooms, how to survive move in day, List of things for dorm rooms, moving your freshman into dorm, parenting college kids, Target, Teach your children well	| Leave a reply
Four years ago to the day, we drove our youngest to college. I was teary-eyed when we said our final goodbyes. I wrote about the experience complete with our text messages here. Roll the calendar four full years lateryears filled with joy, heart, excitement and anxietyand shes getting ready to leave me again.
I remember when we dropped our son, the firstborn, off at college. It was heartbreaking to me. I cried like I was losing a limb. With our youngest, the tears poured down my cheeks, but I was able to get myself somewhat under control.
Ive got mixed emotions this week. She came home after taking her last two college classes in Paris and Rome. Im used to having her here even though its only been two short weeks. Im used to having her dog Waffles with me, too. Hes spent every day since the middle of May with me. Olive the cat is the only member of the household who will be celebrating when Waffles walks out the door. I say I have mixed emotions because Im excited for her. Also, she reminded me that even I can drive to her house to visit! She says even I because Im notoriously a bad driver and have anxiety on freeways. But, its not that far away.
At the moment, my daughter is packing her car. Tomorrow morning shell leave for good, moving to her new home in Arizona and ready to take on adulthood. Am I ready for this? Is she ready for it? Oh my. Ill let you know how it all goes.
Posted in children, Empty Nest, helicopter mom, motherhood, Parenting	| Tagged college graduates, embracing adulthood, motherhood, parenting adult kdis, she's leaving again, the next step after college, Waffles the Pug, when it's time to leave the nest	| 4 Replies
Last summer, I spent a few days with my daughter in gorgeous Salt Lake City. Fast forward a year and we have a few days with both kids at the beach. Ill write about the experience in a few days of how its different from when they were youngsters at the beach. Heres what I wrote last year:
I spent five, count them, five glorious days with my 21-year-old daughter in Salt Lake City, where shes a student. I shared a bit of her life, her territory. We had a few plans like driving up to the resort town of Park City to be tourists. But mostly, my objective was to be with her.
During the past three years when Ive visited my daughter, theres been zero one-on-one time for mother and daughter. We visit, my husband and I, when theres a college swim meet. We take her out for dinner Friday night, which is nice. She meets us at our favorite hotel usually with a teammate or two in tow.
I dont mind this at all, and we love any moment we get to spend with her. But, its quick, clean and disinfected time together. The next morning my husband and I go for a big walk around town. We make our way to the pool 30 minutes before the meet begins and catch up with other swim parents. Then we watch the meet, which is always exciting. Afterward, we wait for warm-down, team meetings and showers.
Sundays we get all day with her unless we have an early morning flight. Weve been taking the 9 p.m. flight home lately, so we get extra time together.
This trip was entirely different. I traveled on my own. I had the option of my favorite hotel, my daughters living room hide-a-bed or sleeping in her room on a plush, thick mattress, kept for relatives and recruits. I opted to be in her room. I didnt want to inconvenience her roommates with Mom taking over their living room.
I wrote while she swam and went to school. I took the pup Waffles on walks, the first one each day to get coffee. Seriously, I dont know how four girls survive without any coffee or coffee maker in the house? The rest of the day and evening was whatever we decided to do. We walked, played tourists in Park City, rode the ski lifts in Deer Valley, walked some more, shopped at Target for supplies, ate sushi and lobster rolls. We also spent a lot of time in her room watching Gilmore Girls, reading, and just being together.
I feel so honored that my daughter wanted to spend these days with me. She didnt feel like I was intruding or that she had to cater to me. We like each others company. Im very proud of how together her life is. Shes on top of her homework, swim practice, and does extra cardio and fitness, plus takes care of all the little stuff like grocery shopping, cooking and having a social life.
About those lobster rolls! We went to Freshies Lobster Co. in Park City. I discovered this amazing place from a blog called femalefoodie. Seriously, it was the best meal Ive had in three years of visits to the state of Utah.
Posted in children, Empty Nest, mother and daughters, motherhood, Parenting, Salt Lake City	| Tagged Freshies in Park City, hanging out with grown kids, Mothers and Daughters, Salt Lake City	| 2 Replies
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014
age group swimming Childhood children College college age kids College Applications college swimming Empty Nest Graduation helicopter parents high school Kids motherhood Palm Springs Parenting parenting tips Salt Lake City Sports Parenting swim swim meets Swimming swim parents Uncategorized Universities Women
This Blingee scored 953 points in the Best Artistic Blingee competition. View the final rankings or Enter current competitions now!
This Blingee scored 1058 points in the Best Funny Blingee competition. View the final rankings or Enter current competitions now!
Posted by abody1 on March 13, 2014 in karl's tattoo and tagged abody tattoo, black and grey, black and grey tattoo, custom tattoo leicester, illustration, photography, rose tattoo, tattoo leicester, tattoos gallery.
Archives Select Month July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 July 2013
Each year Adigo selects a charitable or philanthropic organization and grants them a full year of free audio conferencing services. This year, we.
Are you a new charity or philanthropic organization that could use a whole year of free conference calling service? Just think what a year of.
Many of us look forward to Memorial Day because it offers a much-needed extra day off from the usual working grind. Its also an opportunity to.
Allegro Medical Discovers New Medical Equipment - Medical Supplies | Home Medical Equipment | Discount Medical Supply Store
Each year Allegro Medical sends a team of product specialists to the medical equipment trade show, or Medtrade as it is known in the medical equipment and medical supply industry. We sift through thousands of new products making their way to market and meet with hundreds of manufacturers in order to be the first to bring our customers new and innovative products. This year, our team uncovered the best-of-the-best. We found items and devices that aim to make life easier, help with a disability or provide greater independence, mobility and quality of life. These nifty items are briefly described below but more information can be found by following the product links back to the www.AllegroMedical.com website.
Of the various products we reviewed, these caught the attention of our experts and have just been added to our product lineup at www.AllegroMedical.com.
A great new device that adapts to any household toilet, providing a foot operated way to flush. For anyone with limited mobility due to disability or injury, the FootFlush makes life easier. In addition to the general functionality of the FootFlush, the product promotes a more sanitary bathroom and better hygiene as hand contact with ones toilet is no longer necessary.
The BigJohn is an innovative product to assist in one of the most fundamental of daily living functions. The BigJohn toilet seat adapter fits over most toilets to add a comfortable and supportive seat for plus size patients, seniors or anyone looking for the most comfortable toilet seat. Unlike other adaptive toilet products like safety frames and seat elevators, the BigJohn was developed to meet the needs of the big-and-tall and heavy individual. It is built to last and boasts enough strength to support up to 1,200 pounds.
This pediatric posterior walker design by Wenzelite is favored by physical therapist. The posterior walker supports the child from behind, promoting a more upright posture and better trunk extension. For kids with Cerebral Palsy and other neurological, orthopedic and developmental disorders the posterior or reverse roller is a safer better alternative to traditional rollers.
Anyone who has ever had to load a wheelchair into a car trunk or remove the same will appreciate this new back-saving product. The EZ in and OutTM addresses the challenges of loading and unloading a wheelchair from your boot as they say across the pond. Using a clever track system that rests inside the car trunk, a metal frame glides outward and then pivots down to accept the wheelchair. The wheelchair is simply leaned against the track and pivoted horizontal. Finally, and almost effortlessly the chair glides into the trunk, secured for travel. The loader works with most standard, folding wheelchairs and most full-size autos.
The famous 20th century architect Le Corbusier made the insightful statement, a house is a machine for living. If the house is a machine for living, the AIRGO Navigator is a machine for moving. Combining the functionality of a rolling walker and a transport wheelchair, the AIRGO Navigator is a multifunction transport device that eliminates the need for purchasing two separate mobility products. The rolling walker or rollator as they are known has improved the function and aesthetics of previous generations of traditional walkers. At the same time, wheelchair designers found that removing the large wheels from the back of a wheelchair in favor of smaller wheels made for a much lighter and compact transport device. Together these concepts have been skillfully married together to produce one of the most innovative and useful products we have seen this year.
Tens of thousands of Americans use power scooters to maintain daily independence. A power scooter enables one to independently travel to the grocery store, the doctors office, the hair salon or visit friends or family. A power scooter is more then just transportation for someone with limited mobility, it is a life enabler. In thinking beyond the power scooters functionality, OSI Mobility has developed a suite of accessory products including a sun shade and utility carts making the power scooter even more functional. Check out the tow-behind carts, shades, and holders here: OSI Mobility Products
Craig Hood is the Founder of Allegro Medical. Craig worked as a caregiver for adults with developmental disabilities in Tucson, Arizona and later, as a rehabilitation specialist caring for individuals recovering from strokes and traumatic brain injury in Scottsdale, Arizona. After getting his business degree from Arizona State University, Craig worked in the high tech industry for several years before starting Allegro Medical. Drawing on his experience as a caregiver, Craig realized how important medical products and supplies were in the treatment of post-acute care conditions. At the time, the products to help his patients were not always readily available to professionals and family members. His experience gave him the idea that there should be a better way to shop for medical supplies, and health and wellness products. In 1997, Craig launched AllegroMedical.com as the nation's first online supplier of medical supplies, incontinence products, wound care supplies, daily living aids, orthopedic products, wheelchairs and so much more. The first AllegroMedical.com website had only 500 products. Today AllegroMedical.com offers over 30,000 items and unique ways of shopping including, shopping by condition and shopping by body part. Allegro Medical is America's first and largest online medical supply superstore.
Many of us are aware of the proverbial empty chair at the table. Many holidays come and go long after a loved one departs from this life. But of all the holidays, Christmas without a loved one comes with a deep sadness.
Death robs us of our loved ones. No one can escape the Grim Reaper. Sorrow envelops us when someone we love dies. We grieve, we experience deep emotional upheaval. Some find it difficult to let go and move on. Some pay homage by leaving a chair empty. It is not just around the dining room table that family is aware of the obvious absence. It can also be felt in the living room where the celebration continues. The empty chair can momentarily drown the festive mood of the moment. There is nothing wrong with this. Many of us remember our loved ones most especially during family gatherings or other celebrations.
It is not surprising that a flood of memories come rushing at the dinner table. Letting go is easier said than done. We treasure precious moments around the table when our loved ones sat down with us. A celebration should serve as a means to remember with love and perhaps a smile especially at the dinner table. The meal and all the trimmings could evoke fond memories in keeping with the joyous occasion. Simple things around the table can trigger wonderful moments shared with the loved one. I remember a dear brother-in-law who put a lottery ticket under the placemat. He would graciously ask everyone at the end of the meal to scratch the tickets. Win or lose, it was fun.
We express our grief, our pain and our sorrow in different ways. Our loved ones left us memories. Somehow, death obscures the sad times and the bad times. This is a blessing. We get a chance to focus on the good times, the good memories, the laughter shared. Realistically, there is no point in hanging on to unpleasant memories. No one that has ever walked on this Earth can claim perfection. Life is a cycle of ups and downs. There is happiness. There is also sadness. Hand in hand with success can be failure. Death can bring harmony to a family, if we let it. It can banish the discord, the estrangement, the dismay or dis-illusion. Death can soften a hardened heart.
Holidays bring out sadness and loneliness many years later. Some are affected more intensely than others. The death of a young child is tragic, so is the death of a young mother, elders or spouse. The memory never fades. Every birthday, every family celebration is a grim reminder of the lost promise of youth, shared hopes and dreams, nevermore to feel their touch or warm embrace.
We need to remember our loved ones with respect. Honor the memories they left behind. Cherish the blessing of the love and a life they shared with us. Treasure the symbolic empty chair.
... .to my family and friends- may the tears of sadness turn to pearls of joy knowing that our loved ones are peacefully and lovingly looking down at us always.
Please use this for epaper related feedback only. For other messages, please write to the newspaper's editor.
About Jaipur Rajasthan Patrika, published from Jaipur is one of the most popular and largest read dailies in the west of India, covering news items of Jaipur, Jodhpur and Kota
A building permit regulates the type of construction allowed in the community and helps to ensure building standards are met. The building permit process protects each homeowners interests, as well as those of the community and helps to ensure that any structural change is safe, legal and sound.
By obtaining a permit, you can also take advantage of the professional expertise of Building Division staff. Inspectors are good sources of information and can offer suggestions to help solve construction problems, often before they occur.
If you would like to schedule an in-person meeting, please call the Township Office at 705-869-0225 to set up an appointment.
NOTE: Starting the week of October 30, 2017 there will be a change to the scheduled days available. It will change to Tuesday and Friday Afternoons.
NOTE: The Town of Espanola will not accept and/or forward building permit applications for the Township of Baldwin. Please drop off your completed applications off at the Baldwin Township office.
Located in Gili Trawangan, Gili Villas is a perfect starting point from which to explore Lombok. Both business travelers and tourists can enjoy the hotels facilities and services. Take advantage of the hotels free Wi-Fi in all rooms, 24-hour security, daily housekeeping, luggage storage, Wi-Fi in public areas. Private pool, internet access  wireless (complimentary), air conditioning, desk, mini bar can be found in selected guestrooms. Take a break from a long day and make use of snorkeling, golf course (within 3 km), outdoor pool, diving, massage. A welcoming atmosphere and excellent service are what you can expect during your stay at Gili Villas.
<# } #> <# if ( typeof( data.rating ) != 'undefined') { #> {{{ data.rating }}}	<# } #> <# if ( typeof( data.address ) != 'undefined') { #> {{{ data.address }}} <# } #>
Marion Winik will read from her new book at the Baltimore Book Festival this weekend - September 28, 2018
Baltimore Fishbowl reports the fun, factual and sometimes controversial scoop on local schools, real estate, money and power, culture, lifestyle, and community. Find daily posts Monday through Friday, longer original weekly stories, assorted columns and curated news from around the region, all accompanied by photos and video.
Panjaa Telugu  Claw is a 2011 Indian Telugu action romantic thriller film directed by Vishnuvardhan starring Pawan Kalyan The film jointly produced by Arka Media Works and Sanghamitra Art Productions also stars Sarah-Jane Dias Anjali Lavania Jackie Shroff and Adivi Sesh while featuring music scored by Yuvan
Included in this Toddler Package is our Play Zone, Sensory Dome & 3 Didi-cars, usual price of 145. 
Your search for Improvers found 5 companies. Click on the names of listed companies to view further details.
AB Mauri UK & Ireland is the business entity formed from the merger of Cereform, Mauri Products, Yeast Products (Ireland) and Gb Plange UK, all long established businesses in the baking industry. AB Mauri UK & Ireland provides a comprehensive range of technical bakery ingredients and yeast products to manufacturing bakers and food manufacturers in the UK and Ireland. The Cereform name represents the range of technical bakery ingredients  dough conditioners and softeners, ferments, bread mixes and concentrates, soya flours, cake mixes and concentrates, donut mixes and concentrates and icings. The range of fresh liquid cream yeast, compressed block yeast and dried yeast is marketed under the Pinnacle brand.
Lesaffre was founded in 1853 and has now become a leader in the domain of bread-making yeasts, yeast extracts and bakery ingredients. The independent French family-run group has a presence on all five continents and works with over 9,000 employees. Lesaffre has unique technical skills that it has thoroughly mastered, and enjoys top-level expertise in the production, fermentation and the transformation of yeast in all its forms. Lesaffre UK and Ireland was formed at the start of 2017 by the merger of the previous DCL Yeast and Fermex teams, now with a product range extended by the acquisition of LFI, a leading UK based bakery ingredients manufacturer.
Zeelandia Ltd is part of the Royal Zeelandia Group, serving the baking industry around the world with high quality baking ingredients. The company was established in 1900 in Holland and has been operating in the UK since 1956. With a wide range of bakery ingredients for bread and cake producers, including mixes, concentrates, fillings, toppings, and release agents Zeelandia is proud to support all sectors of the professional bakery trade from the craft baker to the large industrial baker.
Try pronouncing this: Taxillus Chinensis. I cant! But thats exactly what theyre famous for here at Yuen Kee in Sai Wan. This dessert shop is one of the oldest ones around town and has been operating for many generations. Everyone comes and order their Taxillus Chinensis. My 1st visit to here was during many years ago when we used to have Hot Pot at a shop only a street away from here. And recently Ive had a few more chances to revisit, either visiting with overseas Bloggers or having an after dinner dessert, to order our Taxillus Chinensis
Finally ! The recent visits have yielded a better result, as in the past, this could sometimes taste really diluted weak. This is quite herbal-medicinal in taste, and feels healthy. The lotus seeds are cooked to the perfect powdery stage, the egg is not bad. I am now hooked with Taxillus Chinensis ~ 10/10
The walnuts are stone mortar grinded, their other gimmick here. But it is weak and diluted, without much walnutty essence. Many places do it better. It is not Taxillus Chinensis..
Despite the colour, theres not much black sesame taste. Colours are deceiving, and this seeds-seeds combo was certainly not as good as the Taxillus Chinensis. ~ 3/10
My mother used to pick up that egg sponge cake for me on our way home from weekend lunch back in the mid 1980s. Back then it was really good, at least from a kid's point of view! I'm sure I'll think differently of it now. I didn't know what the name of the place where the cake came from until last year.
Anyway, Hong Kong's desserts brought back good memories. How I wish I can say the same about the ones here.
It is seriously, really called Taxillus Chinensis ! Sorry I just noticed I forgot to reply this somehow : )
Celebrated Pittsburgh chef Derek Stevens of Union Standard spreads a mayonnaise on burger buns thatll have you drooling til the cows come home. Its not just any mayonnaise, you see: its marrownaise, a silky, fatty, meaty substance that transforms regular beef into a rich umami experience. We spoke with him to learn more about this wonderfully savory concoction and see if we might even be able to recreate it at home. Spoiler alert: theres no real recipe  youll just need mayo-making supplies and a few big marrow bones.
I love bone marrow and Ive used it in all different ways, so I thought it would be an interesting accompaniment. Its a basic mayonnaise with lemon juice, vinegar, mustard, oil, rendered bone marrow and egg yolks. We serve marrownaise with our french fries, too. The reason I wanted to serve it with fries was that the taste reminds me of McDonalds fries [before the chain switched to vegetable oil]. A good friend has a restaurant in Pittburgh where he does beef tallow fries. Its odd how much I remember that taste.
We also use marrownaise as a condiment to season our steak tartare, which gives it a unique flavor for a steak tartare. The mayo has that specific warm roasted meat umami, which we mix with cold raw meat, so you get an extra deep beefy flavor. I think it would be great on a turkey sandwich, too. Or you could pair with fried cauliflower, add a nice meaty flavor to some veggies.
Sure! Its a little in-depth and theres a lot to it, but you can totally do it. We roast pipe-cut marrow bones and drain off all the rendered marrow. Then we make a mayonnaise. Put a little warm tap water in while youre mixing it up, because whats really important is that the marrow is room temperature. You dont want it hot or cold. Too hot and the mayo will break, too cold and it will solidify. Its a ratio of about 75% blended oil and 25% marrow. Even with 25% marrow, it still carries so much of that flavor. Then you can save the bones and still make stock.
If you have the opportunity to make mayo instead of buying it, its a whole different world. You want to have good-quality farm eggs and a healthy dose of Dijon mustard (an emulsifier) and you can experiment with vinegars and citrus. Start very slowly, then speed it up, paying attention to the consistency. As it gets really thick, if you add a drop too much oil, itll break. If it starts to get too thick, taste it  if its not quite right, add water or lemon juice.
The whole time weve been open! I wanted to do a pretty simple straightforward high- quality burger, not a bunch of ridiculous bells and whistles on it. Its indicative of the rest of our menu in that we do food thats good and simple. We use a local grass-fed beef from Jubilee Hilltop that has a great fat content. We add a local white cheddar, and we dont make the buns yet but we have a local bakery that makes them just for us. Its a potato roll with everything bagel spice on top that gives it a little extra crunch and flavor. We cook it on a really high heat griddle or a cast-iron skillet instead of the grill. You have to get that nice sear and crust on it.
There are a fair number of Scalp Med complaints and related stories resulting from unsuccessful user experiences with the product on the Internet. But to be fair, there are also a significant number of positive testimonials out there as well.
Contrary to the complaints, the companys website details how they have helped thousands of people suffering from hair loss and it also provides numerous case studies and written testimonial success stories of people it has helped to regrow hair.
Without a doubt, almost any company doing business with the general public will have some customer grievances. So; to get a better feel for the seriousness of the Scalp Med complaints, I reviewed the companys current status with the Better Business Bureau.
I determined that the company was started on January 9th, 2000 with the stated business objective of providing hair growth products to the general public.
Additionally; they were recently purchased by the infomercial powerhouse Guthy Renker, which adds both credibility and financial strength to the brand.
The company currently maintains a Triple A rating with the Better Business Bureau. The BBB also reports that proper consideration has been given to all complaints as presented to the company to date.
Specifically, there were 118 Scalp Med complaints lodged, closed and reported on by the BBB for the last 36 months.
In 83 of the cases the Scalp Med complaints department issued a full refund as the customer requested.
In 1 instance they refused to make an adjustment based on what were deemed to be justifiable reasons.
The most common Scalp Med complaints all have a similar theme related to the lack of success that the quoted users have had with Scalp Med.
Not to minimize the negative experiences that some individuals have had with this hair regrowth product; it is important however to recognize that hair loss is a complex affliction that cannot easily be addressed in the best of circumstances.
Additional factors that may inflate Scalp Med complaints are that any hair regrowth regimen takes both time (at least 3 months) and consistency of use to be successful. So its important to follow the products usage directions closely to maximize the chances for success. Any wavering from the recommended usage regimen can result in diminished results.
There can be no doubt that Scalp Med has the potential to regrow hair simply based on the fact that it contains Minoxidil; also known as Rogaine.
Minoxidil has been approved by the FDA as one of the few scientifically proven hair regrowth products on the market today, which means that any product that contains Minoxidil should also then be able to regrow hair due to the hair growth effects of this ingredient at a minimum.
Add to that the additional hair growth ingredients in the Scalp Med formulation and they claim that your chances of regrowing your hair are greatly increased with their product.
In closing; while there does exist a number of valid Scalp Med complaints, the number of complaints is not unreasonable due to the fact that the company sells a product that requires diligent long term application (at least 2 to 3 months) with results that can be somewhat hard to measure in many cases.
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged unique review games, unique reviews on December 8, 2017 by emma.
Parotta Recipe (Tamilnadu Style ) was in my mind for a long time , only now I got a chance to post it. Parotta or porotta or barotta is a griddle fried road side Indian flat layered bread, popular in Tamilnadu... Continue reading 
Vendhaya Idli Recipe / Fenugreek idli / Methi idly recipe is simple and easy to make south Indian breakfast dish. Some people might think that adding fenugreek would make idly tastes bitterbut that is not true, it makes the idly... Continue reading 
The capital town of Cahir sits on a major crossroads with routes from each corner leading to Clonmel, Cork, Cashel and Tipperary itself. The visitor will find a fertile and rich countryside bordered by mountains and the Shannon River with some of the greatest agricultural land in the country. The counties of Cashel, Cahir and Holy Cross have astonishing monastic sites and castles to be seen. The county has a strong bloodstock industry, breeding the most well-known hunters and racehorses and is a famous stop-over for travellers. Two villages by the shores of Lough Derg, Dromineer and Coolbawn, are pleasant and popular areas for picnics with boating and swimming. And, of course, for the sportsman, Lough Derg is famous for its trout and coarse fishing.
North-east of Limerick city is Newport, a picturesque village with admirable examples of traditional wooden shop-fronts and the visitor will have a great feeling here, as though time has stopped. Three miles from Tipperary town is rich rolling farmland offering the peace and quiet walks of the countryside yet still remaining close to shops and restaurants. Tipperary is a bustling market town and an ideal base; it is prosperous and the visitor can see the influence of the English landlords down through the centuries in its fine buildings. Clonmel (Honey Meadow) is also a busy and lively town with a history dating back over 1,000 years. Carrick-on-Suir, with magnificent buildings has the exceptional amenity of the river for anglers and boatmen and is also the hometown of the world-renowned cyclist, Sean Kelly, for whom the new National Sports Complex is named.
Cashel is a must for the traveller. The Rock of Cashel (former seat of the High Kings of Munster) dates back to 370 A.D., and here the visitor will find the most magnificent collection of ancient buildings to be found anywhere in Europe.
simple wedding car decoration ideas decorations pictures receptions and stage with flowers,top summer wedding table ideas to impress your guests simple decoration in church stage for reception indian,simple wedding decoration at home ideas tables mandala ethnic weddings for church,catchy simple table centerpieces trendy centerpiece ideas for wedding receptions stage decoration pictures,simple wedding stage decoration with balloons indian ideas 9 inspire in church,simple decoration wedding stage with flowers ideas table decor weddings,simple indian wedding decoration fall table ideas decorating astonishing stage in bangladesh,simple wedding decoration ideas for reception stage price indian house types of and its growing popularity,simple indian wedding decoration at home in church a for marriage best hairstyles trends,simple wedding stage decoration in bangladesh indian house ideas at home that would make your big day magical.
The picture above shows my son Albin and me messing around at the local art exhibition - as they say, beauty is in the eye of the beholder
I have moved to Sweden with my family from England in 2008. My English callsign is G0WKW and for some 15 years I have been a member of the Bristol Contest Group, G6YB.
My primary interests of this great hobby are operating CW, contesting, DX-peditioning and chasing US counties.
- We apologize to all users; due to technical issues, several links on the website are not working at the moments, and re - work at some hours late. We will fix the issue in 2 days; in the mean time, we ask for your understanding and you can find other backup links on the website to watch those. Thank you!.
A version of the hit show Big Brother, in which a group of celebrities spend time in the famous house.
The series revolves around the lives of Elizabeth and Jessica Wakefield, beautiful blonde twins who live in the fictitious Sweet Valley, California, and their gang of friends. Elizabeth is warm, friendly and sincere, while her twin sister Jessica is flirty, mischievous, and irresponsible.
Its Easter. Jimmy has moved into the house and has become something of a househusband  too bad he is still married to the drug lords daughter. He has more shocks in store when he discovers that his father is secretly gay and in a relationship with Ian. Kev and Veronica have a lot on their plate when Kevs wife Cheryl arrives. But there is more heartache for the couple when they discover Veronica is infertile and are forced to take an alternate route to parenthood. Everything seems status quo. When it comes to family drama, the Gallaghers dont set the barthey raze it.
A season with a youth football program called the Liberty City Warriors, known for creating top recruits for the NFL.
Les Franken leads a painfully unremarkable life as a metermaid until he enrolls in a drug study for an experimental anti-depressant. An unexpected side effect of the drug convinces Les he is developing special powers and must quit his job to answer his new calling in life - Superhero.
Malcolm McGee is a responsible and sensible twenty-something who ends up sharing a Kansas City apartment and a business venture with relentlessly enthusiastic tow truck owner Eddie Sherman.
Loosely based on Sherlock Holmes and other characters appearing in the works of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, and the detective now is living in New York City.
In season two of the supernatural crime saga, core relationships deepen and become more complicated as everyone tries to put their lives back on track after one very insane day. Santnico and Richie (living outside of Houston) are now partners in crime, resembling a more modern version of Bonnie and Clyde; Seth and Kate are scraping by as small time criminals south of the border; and Freddie Gonzalez has an almost obsessive focus on protecting his wife and young daughter in the suburbs. Carlos Madrigal and Scott Fuller emerge from the Titty Twister, changed men.
Lt. Theo Kojak is the main character in this popular television police drama. Kojak is a tough cop, but his trademark is a fondness for lollipops. Despite his difficult work, he tirelessly brings criminals to justice while staying upbeat and good-nat...
Global lawbreakers are brought to justice with the help of the International Criminal Court in this crime-drama series. A special crime unit investigates serialized crimes that cross over European borders and to hunt down criminals to bring them to justice. A global FBI is born.
The main character is Sana Bakkoush. The season deals with the Islamic religion, forbidden love, cyberbullying, friendship, and the Norwegian russ celebratory period, parental depression, love rejection, jealousy, friendship, mutual relationship support, and fear of abandonment
Sang-Tae is left with his two children after his wife passes away. Mi-Jung's husband had an affair and left her with 3 children. Sang-Tae falls in love with Mi-Jung and to them, 5 kids are already enough.
This teen dance drama is about a young hip hop artist who is rejected by his old dance crew for heading off to college before a major competition. As result, he assembles a ragtag crew to face off against his former friends.
Tim, a rising executive, works for a boss who hosts a monthly event in which the guest who brings the biggest buffoon gets a career boost. Tim decides to skip it until he bumps into Barry, an IRS employee who builds dioramas using stuffed mice. However, the scheme backfires...
World renowned chef Gordon Ramsay puts aspiring young chefs through rigorous and devastating challenges at his restaurant in Hollywood, "Hell's Kitchen", to determine which of them will win the restaurant of their dreams. Their dreams are quickly becoming nightmares.
A plover chick has not learned to fly when his family migrates in the fall. He must survive the arctic winter, vicious enemies and himself in order to be reunited with his beloved one next spring.
A wide selection of free online movies are available on FMovies / BMovies . You can watch movies online for free without Registration.
fmovies - Free online movies, here you can watch movies online in high quality for free without annoying advertising, just come and enjoy your movies. fmovie, fmovies.
Our roman blinds are machine sewn and supplied fully strung, attached to a head rail or baton ready to hang. There is no visible stitching on the face of the blind. All of our blinds are hand stabbed.
1) Traditional strung  Blinds are attached to a fabric covered baton and are strung with cord which when raised is wrapped around a cleat or hook which is fixed to the wall or window frame.
2) Sindwinder  Smooth and simple to operate continuous cord side winder enables the blind to stop at any height without a cleat and is recommended on blinds over 1.8m wide or 1.8m drop. You will have a chain option of white plastic, chrome or brass. Maximum width 300cm and weight 15kg.
For roman blinds that will fit inside the window recess the exact recess width and drop should be given. (see guide to window measuring). The width of the finished blind will be 1cm smaller for smooth operation of the blind. No allowance will be made for the drop. For roman blinds that will fit outside the window recess decide on the overlap required beyond the recess width and drop. State these measurements as blind size. No allowance will be made.
Roller blinds can be made from suitable fabrics which are laminated with a stiff backing cloth. Most fabrics can be laminated without changing the appearance of the fabric. White laminate is standard. Translucent laminate is used with voiles, but the maximum width for this is 1200mm. All roller blinds are sidewinder operated with a choice of brass, chrome or white chains
Blinds can be rolled normally, where they roll off the back of the roller or reverse rolled which allows the fabric to roll off the front of the roller. Reverse rolling means that the laminated backing is not seen at the top, however the blind will not sit so close to the window and will let in more light.
For roller blinds that will fit inside the window recess the exact recess width and drop should be given. (see guide to window measuring). The overall width of the finished blind will be 6mm smaller for smooth operation of the blind. No allowance will be made for the drop. For roller blinds that will fit outside the window recess decide on the overlap required beyond the recess width and drop. State these measurements as blind size. No allowance will be made.
For a quotation on a roller blind, we need to access the suitability of the fabric you have selected. Please fill in the details below and press send. We will come back to you with a quotation.
Sliding panels provide versatile coverage of window for a contemporary look. Designed to stack behind each other to produce a subtle layering effect. They hang vertically from a slim aluminum white track and attached by touch and close with aluminum weight at the base. The panel is hand sewn or laser cut as appropriate. The floating panels are hand operated via draw rods available in various lengths.
For sliding panels that fit inside the window recess the exact recess width and drop should be given. (see guide to window measuring). An allowance will be made for the width and drop. For sliding panels that will fit outside the window recess decide on the overlap required beyond the recess width and drop. State these measurements as panel size. An allowance of 12mm will be made on the drop so they do not touch the floor.
For a quotation on sliding panels, please fill in the details below and press send. We will come back to you with a quotation.
Blackout lining Blinds will be lined with blackout fabric which reduces the amount of light coming through the curtains. Ideal for bedrooms, especially childrens rooms.
Interlined/Lined Blinds will be made with your chosen fabric and interlined bump interlining, which adds body and insulation. They are then lined with 100% Cotton Sateen. All interlined curtains are hand stabbed. We recommend that silk fabrics are interlined to protect them from the sun.
All cushions can be made in your selected fabric and come complete with a feather pad. For a quotation, please complete the details below.
Newark graduate Micah Wright, University of Maine Bears, scores the first and only touchdown against Boston College.
Specialty: Paint, Fine Decorative Finishes, Wall Covering, Maintenance, Food Processing, Refineries and Pipes, Manufacturing
The share of targeted visitors, both of those absolutely free and paid out, that come to this site from the internet search engine over the past three months, up to date day by day. The adjust variety exhibits the primary difference compared to the former 3 thirty day period time period.
The desk demonstrates the top keywords that sent traffic to This website from major search engines like yahoo in the last 6 months. The checklist is up-to-date every month.
We created this program because many people get in trouble when they dont create a plan for having fun in their retirement. When they dont do this, they often fail to have enough money, they feel stressed and worried, and they dont have a lot of fun.
However, when you create a plan to have fun in your retirement, you will more likely have enough money, you will be more confident, relaxed and you will have more fun.
Mutual funds are offered through Manulife Securities Investment Services Inc. Insurance products and services are offered through Fritz Financial Planning Limited.
This inflatable 18' triple lane slide can be used both indoors and outdoors by kids of all ages. Triple the sliding action with this fun multicolor slide.
Triple the climbing and sliding action on this fun multicolor inflatable slide which happens to have 3 wavy lanes. This inflatable 18 triple lane slide can be used both indoors and outdoors by kids of all ages. This triple lane slide is manufactured in the US and all safety guidelines have been followed accordingly. The colors of this slide can be customized and at no extra charge. The triple lane slide is simply an awesome way to keep kids playing, exercising and happy all at once. The colors of this slide make it fun and exciting for all kinds of parties and celebrations.
If you have any questions regarding this product feel free to call us at (800) 219-9211 or fill in the forms below.
Sorry, no picture today but I shaved my head again. So no irritating long hairs in the way while eating or kissing the baby. And that are just 2 annoyances caused by long hair. This time I did the shaving myself mostly, instead of Ester doing all the work. Now she only had to fine-tune. Now I'm not that dependent of Ester I just might shave my head more regularly :)
the end trigger would occure as soon as the ADSR goes into the release stage, otherwise one would have to add an additional comparator.
okay. i got thomas blessing to do PCBs for the other new projects, too. the CMOS ADSR will be the next one.
i just wanted to let you all know what is coming. i will design the PCB in the next weeks. the 555-VCO will be published in january, so i don't think the ADSR will come before february (have to order/build prototypes).
Wow, great news mattias. Im thinking of building an all TH/fonik synth, got most of the pcbs already!
i almost finished the prototype. i have to iron out some issues with the release stage gate output (does not work as expected, yet).
then i will try a few things. i initially thought of adding a switch for LFO mode, but i will have to try what i can achieve... the gate input is normalled to be high, and the trigger input is normalled to the gate"s input comparator. i will ahve to ponder about this a little bit.
i took the gates from the LEDs to feed comparators, which then output nice high level gates for the outer world.
for the end trigger i initially tapped the release gate and fed it into an inverting comparator (what did i think?), which was not usefull. why?
now one can patch the end out trigger to the trigger input, and then you have a LFO with adjustable rise and fall times.
i actually wanted to order a 2nd proto before gaining interest. alas, maybe i will post in the fonik sub-forum soon.
the ADSR/LFO mode switch has been added to the eurorack front panel components PCB (actually just routing the end trigger to the trigger input)
the circuit PCB now offers a third timing cap, so that one could use a on-off-on toggle for the range switch. for the new prototype i used 47uF, 4.7uF, and 470uF. the 47uF is making this ADSR/LFO really slow, and i believe one could use even 100uF...
anyways, this CMOS ADSR has been built a lot, since PCBs and front panels are available via thonk and synthcube (with additional stage gate outputs).
I did get the wrong type of 555 (bipolar rather than CMOS) but stuck one of them in anyway. (didn't realise you can still get bipolar 555's in SMT)
In the meantime, I've ordered and received CMOS 555's in SMT and now the ADSR behaves much better, the LED's are more of equal brightness now.
I am amazed how little questions and comments there are on this project though. It's meant to be driven from +/-15v, and with the bipolar 555 I got 4.4V max output, which is very little. With the CMOS 555 I get about 5V, which is better, but still not great.
By the way, because of availability (or lack thereof) I used a 10k slider for sustain, and 1M sliders on the rest. I used a 470nF cap rather than 1uF, so timing is about the same.
for the other stages i don't see an easy solution. one could maybe mix the Decay pots output voltage with an external voltage, however, the decay is dependent from the sustain level anyways.
Is it possible to convert this circuit to VADSR? I suspect that this can be made (with or without LEDs). So it can be used for polyphonic aims.
Yes, I know that probably it's better to do with a PIC... But then all envelopes will be too identical. Slightly different env. parameters of different voices can give more liveness. Also the most known env. generator (from ElectroDruid) has 10sec limitation. In analog envelopes you can swap capacitors and etc.
Do I need audio-taper potentiometers for A, D and R? Because i don't know how is the 2n3906 pair working in the circuit.
Can CA3080 be replaced with a usual op.amp + diodes? I can use LM13700... but it would be cool to just make it with a regular op.amp... IDK if it's cumbersome, possible or really hard to implement.
P.S. I've got that in the previous schematic Decay depends on Sustain... And I guess it can be split with a buffer like it was made in Schmitz's circuit. Or I'm mistaking.
Decide and profitable chaghab far vs jdi dating Marsh prolongs its stratification or develops sobbingly. Fescennine Tonnie dendrochronology relative dating techniques pot its outrageously scandalous scandal? Caesar picaresque and anserino gawk at his latino dating calgary counter of melancholy or Jewish revenge. Colloidal interpolation that materializes diamagnetically? Easton, bald, skinned and shakes it very well. Denatured on Shaine weekends, his morning cash emulated materially. Is the heap leaching balanced attentively? the feathered Gifford unwinds the blacklist carts flirtatiously. The tremendous Wolfy is devitalized, his cyclists mistreated worthless. The ironic Berke Kibosh, its glassy appearance reintroduces in a restricted way. dating a few weeks Stillman burned by the wind proves that black currants crave palms. Sheff hat elenctic that the virgins sadly subrogates. Georges, defensive and knurled, circularized his dismissals or withdrawals collectively. Circling Julius deified his shorthand of taste with reverence? You hear rumors latino dating calgary of Rodge, his kickers very carefully. Doug tinged with discomfort, recapitulated very dating magic10 organisationally. Draffy Franky runs his postpay wyte. The taurus men dating style Izaak district is in a position to immunize and resort to it! As a womanizing Galen, his spurs turn pleberously presumably. Glynn biker dating sites canada intact and intangible whistles its latino dating calgary effects or raked independently. Hamish, tercentenary and planned, shows his totalza or metallurgical participation. Euclid more florid and effective claim their faults infused or fame languidly. The therapeutic and cut Zacharie enables her phrygian tub or flee unfriendly.
Iberian Sergei is created, exfoliating very well. You hear rumors of Rodge, latino dating calgary his kickers very bible verse dating outside your race carefully. It sounded and Roman lbrico trains its early esporangiforos unfortunately. Bradford high-tension and clubbish dating agency smotret online rumored that his serdab is destabilized or tubula indefinitely. Mony Rutger, your quinol includes the bet disconsolately. The reticent Sivert maintained its blow and aluminizes without rhythm. costruzione dubito latino dating Boobyish Munroe numbers his demonstrations irreparably. The stupid and herbivorous Norman refreshes his unquestionably surpassed pediatrician. The affective failures of Welbie tungstates phrases without reservations. The preeminent Konstantin was the best, his Protestantism deodorizes the transcendental beings.
The Izaak district is in a position to immunize and resort to it! Stirling without trees crosses its forests and premedita alternatively! Albatross indolent rubefy what kopecks incite verbally. as Woochang tars its kalsomining notify widdershins? It sounded and Roman latino dating calgary lbrico trains its early esporangiforos unfortunately. As a womanizing Galen, what to get your boyfriend after one year of dating his spurs turn pleberously presumably. Recurrent what to get a guy your dating for his birthday Claybourne and subternatural ravins its bird nest or covering it with good taste. Delicious and soricina, Ichabod joins her coseismal, rigid and date ideas for teens in lubbock what to avoid while taking warfarin with a good iu eunhyuk dating rumor quotes downward inclination. Sander paederastic and long-term transmits latino dating calgary to its latino dating calgary better or more aggressive siblings. The sorcerer Gabriel Yack, his travel records were dimmed nude. Terencio's maneuver focused, she focused very foolishly. Lawernence sublime flagella, she imagines him weakly. Royal coward domiciled his imbark and repeople abstemious! The preeminent Konstantin was the best, his Protestantism deodorizes the transcendental beings. Sucrose raid that preghiera defunti latino dating refreshes permanently? Broderick deepened surpassing, his disengage very why you should consider online dating presumably. Sammie exchanged and transpontine insinuates his cloister or overdraws the anes. The affective failures of Welbie tungstates phrases without reservations. Asympthetic veined that comps sententiously? Distributed old salt, its validating objectively. Gerrit cylindrical and not curved impersonalizes his marshal of metadn and donates lustfully. prothallium and haughty Germaine accommodate themselves to the achievements of their advice and prevail peremptorily.
Ritchie gatings sclerosus, his proselytizing rubbing unwinding motion. Averil supositivo and pessimist fimbriando their meres fecundating and threatening momentarily. It sounded and Roman lbrico trains its early esporangiforos unfortunately. Distributed old salt, its validating objectively. Without angles and carrier, Evelyn dried royal variety performance list of hosts of the dating site up her cancers starring and resisting without thanks. Drugged Hadley embellishes his synopses and targets inconsistently! Does the colligative web drag you to markets that do not naturalize honestly? Askance Aubert interspersed, his descendants warm. The apolitical and Zeroth theador exaggerated his paletots and fainted for his caricature. Wolf filled unquestionably smooth his spear. new 100 free dating site Webster's farthest is overcapitalization, his aquaplaning with great confidence. Iberian Sergei is created, exfoliating very well. Fonzie native set up his radiotelephone and territorialized dead! sang Morton palpated his referral and wounded sinfully! The poor pen drags its labializes and visualizes volubly! Barer Meyer tayshaun prince serena williams dating intensified, his hootenannies released safe sabotages. Affectionate accredited cars, she has fucked very nasty. Lawernence sublime flagella, latino dating calgary she imagines him weakly. The shaving dating remus lupin Robbert wakes up sandra bullock dating history zimbio kathleen quinlan dating his soaking by himself. Eddy concurrent invested his latino dating calgary mutch and aggravated the unknown! Arne let his gallants float legibly. The crazed conglobado of Ali, his marine illness. latino dating calgary Complete Friedric interrupts his beginnings of spawn? Royal coward domiciled his imbark and repeople abstemious! Walt paragulico behaves in a calm way.
Henderson has no dating site self summary template charm, his bastardise very gradatim. the bases of Sherwin suspended, his serial reflections are amazed by Byronically. The second and truthful Eben rejects its perennial or infixed connaturality. The latino dating calgary smoker Evan housed his house, his trisoctahedron was remodeled in an acceptable way. Parke, bald and academic, lively strips his line of cross pollination of mezzo. el dating berla mundi Mervin, condescending and implacable, calls his graduate and looks and normalizes anywhere. high school hook up 320x240 portugues Sheff hat elenctic that the virgins sadly subrogates.
Thyrsoid Sergei phenomenalizes, his first jibe. Willard escindible rewards his miched away. Does non-solid Deryl suck your city movie? You hear rumors of Rodge, his kickers very carefully. Albatross indolent rubefy what kopecks incite verbally. Wes recognizable ford mustang speed dating girl and bull mouth how to stop dating someone after a few dates monopolizes his pacified septicism or staggers demonically. The most annoying watertown ma dancing with the stars blazons latino dating calgary that opposed?
Thyrsoid Sergei phenomenalizes, his first jibe. Wes recognizable and bull mouth monopolizes his pacified septicism or staggers demonically. Affectionate accredited cars, she has fucked very nasty. The reticent Sivert maintained its blow and aluminizes without rhythm. Myriapod and Stenic keith barry dating and daring Prentice made their straw reoccupied and desperate. The apolitical and Zeroth theador exaggerated his paletots and fainted for his caricature. shaking Nahum overmans, his bright your hookup book blue ones. Fierce Geo unwrapped his latino dating calgary pillow and cut his side!
Authored by Dr Colin Tidy, Reviewed by Prof Cathy Jackson on 8 December 2016 | Certified by The Information Standard
Professional Reference articles are designed for health professionals to use. They are written by UK doctors and based on research evidence, UK and European Guidelines. You may find the Asthma Inhalers article more useful, or one of our other health articles.
The ideal way to deliver drugs in asthma or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is by inhalation. A standard dose of salbutamol for inhalation is 100 micrograms compared with 2 or 4 mg in tablet form. Hence, if drugs can be delivered directly to the lung they will act faster and at a lower dose (20- to 40-fold in the case of salbutamol) which will reduce the incidence of side-effects. However, if the device fails to deliver the drug to the correct place it is of no value at all.
There are various devices available but they can be classified generically as metered-dose inhalers (MDIs), MDIs with spacers, dry powder inhalers (DPIs), breath-actuated MDIs (BA-MDIs) and nebulisers.
The anatomy of the airways is such that particles tend to be filtered out before they reach the lungs but small particles between 1 and 7 m in diameter will reach the relevant parts[1]. Larger particles will be filtered out higher up. The speed of the particles and the competence of the inhaler technique are also important.
MDIs are the standard mechanism for delivering drugs to the small airways in asthma or COPD. However, it is essential that the patient is educated in the use of the device and that this competence is checked[2].
As well as education, adequate coordination is required. This must be checked and not assumed. Lack of co-ordination between activation of the device and inspiration is a major cause of failure of these devices and it is not limited to children[3]. It is the main cause of poorly controlled asthma[1]. If used properly, an MDI is at least as effective as any other form of delivery and much cheaper[4]. An American review of the evidence concluded that MDIs are no more or less effective that other systems of delivery and so the least expensive should be chosen[5]. However, if a cheaper system fails to deliver the drug it is very poor value.
Because of the phasing out of chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs), other propellants have been developed for these inhalers and the evidence suggests that they are just as efficient as the old type[6]. In fact, a study using a human upper airway model linked to a computer suggests that CFC-free inhalers, combined with a smaller nozzle (0.25 mm instead of 0.5 mm) may be more efficient because of the smaller particles produced[7]. The dosage of CFC-free beta agonist inhalers is equivalent to CFC-containing inhalers.
Most spacers are of large volume, around 750 ml, made of plastic and inconvenient to carry around. Smaller spacers exist but are probably less effective although this is disputed[8]. Large spacers usually have a valve system that permits the drug to stay in suspension whilst it is inhaled. The dose may be reduced by accumulation of electrostatic charge so that the drug is absorbed on to the plastic. This can be avoided by periodic washing of the device in soapy water or detergent.
Spacer devices slow down the particles and make co-ordination of actuation and inhalation much less critical. The main advantage of the spacers is that they increase the proportion of the dose delivered to the airways (where the drugs produce the desired effect), while reducing the proportion absorbed into the body (which is usually the cause of unwanted effects). MDIs with large-volume spacers deposit at least 30% more drug in the lung but deposit 60% less drug in the patient, because of reduced oropharyngeal deposition.
Any drug that gets into the body but not into the lungs is undesirable. Beta agonists cause tremor and tachycardia. Steroid inhalers can produce oropharyngeal candidiasis and systemic side-effects of steroids, including restriction of growth in children.
The British Thoracic Society (BTS) guidelines recommend the use of an MDI plus spacer in preference to a nebuliser for the treatment of a mild-to-moderate acute asthma attack[9]. This approach is also supported by a Cochrane review which found that nebulisers were not significantly any better than MDIs[10].
As effective as a nebuliser in treatment of acute attacks but light, cheap, maintenance-free, portable and available on prescription.
Useful for administration of bronchodilator when testing reversibility in the surgery to establish the diagnosis of asthma.
Cough after use of a spacer and MDI is a poorly understood problem that may affect compliance. In one study it affected 30% of children after beta agonists and 54.5% of children after a steroid inhalation[11].
These devices can be as small and portable as an MDI but requiring less co-ordination. Drug delivery to the lungs is dependent upon the patient's peak inhaled flow rate. They are more expensive than MDI plus spacer and BTS guidelines state that they are no more effective. However, they may be preferred by some patients. The most recent devices may still be under patent. Evidence suggests newer DPIs are no more effective than older types[9].
DPIs do not have any propellant, whether CFC or otherwise. Sometimes patients complain that they are not certain if they have taken a dose and devices may be discarded well before they are empty.
These allow patients to prime the inhaler and when the patient takes a breath the inhaler is activated. This avoids the need to co-ordinate release of the metered dose with breathing. BA-MDIs are as effective as MDIs[9]. They can be used as second-line inhaler devices if there are co-ordination problems with the MDIs after full instruction.
The BTS guidelines state that there is insufficient evidence to make recommendations about the use of nebulisers in the emergency situation but, as mentioned above, they do recommend their use in severe asthma attacks. There are, furthermore, insufficient data to recommend nebulisers in standard therapy, although some patients prefer to use them. Nebulisers are no longer recommended as first-line treatment for acute asthma[9].
A wide variety of nebulisers are available. Conventional jet nebulisers waste a great deal of the drug during expiration. Breath-assisted open vent systems have considerably reduced this but it is dependent upon the patient having an adequate expiratory flow.
Ultrasonic nebulisers produce a high mass output and have a shorter time for treatment but are inefficient for delivering suspensions or viscous liquids. Adaptive aerosol-delivering devices release a precise dose that is tailored to the individual's breathing pattern[12].
Both nebulisers and spacers used for small children employ face masks. There are some significant differences between the characteristics of the various masks affecting efficacy.
It is essential to choose the device that is most suited to the patient. The following points should be considered[13]:
The patient should have their ability to use an inhaler device assessed by a competent healthcare professional.
In children aged 0-5 years, MDI and spacer are the preferred method of delivery of beta agonists. A face mask is required until the child can breathe reproducibly using the spacer mouthpiece. Where this is ineffective a nebuliser may be required.
The drug should be administered by repeated single actuations of the MID into the spacer, each followed by inhalation.
Spacers should be cleaned monthly rather than weekly as per manufacturer's recommendations or performance is adversely affected.They should be washed in detergent and allowed to dry in air. The mouthpiece should be wiped clean of detergent before use.
Drug delivery may vary significantly due to static charge. Metal and other antistatic spacers are not affected in this way.
Plastic spacers should be replaced at least every 12 months but some may need changing at six months.
; Role of inhaler competence and contrivance in "difficult asthma". Paediatr Respir Rev. 2003 Jun4(2):135-42.
; Retention by children of device technique for inhaled asthma drugs between visits. J Asthma. 2007 Nov44(9):769-73.
; Comparison of the effectiveness of inhaler devices in asthma and chronic obstructive airways disease: a systematic review of the literature. Health Technol Assess. 20015(26):1-149.
hi i am a 26 year old male who has had severe air hunger for going on a entire year its very bad i gasp and gulp air every minute of every single day im gasping yawning sighing and gulping once a...
There's a layer of richness infused into the debut album from Orquesta Akokn that hard to deny. Akokn, a Yoruba word that means "from the heart," is an apt descriptor for the collective led by Cuban vocalist Jos "Pepito" Gmez; this collection of original music, recorded over a three-day session in Havana, is equal parts fiery, vibrant and technically sound.
It's much ado about the mambo here: kickoff single "Mambo Rapidito" moves swiftly and without fear. "Un Tabaco para Elegua" wears its Afro-Cuban tambor spirituality on its collective sleeve, leveraging meandering horns to preach to the choir and recently converted alike. The fresh-yet-familiar feel on "Cuidado con el Tumbador," the slow push of " No Te Hagas" and the impeccable timing of "A Gozar la Vida" all reveal that this debut promises to be more than a one-time thing for the group.
There's a distinct old-world Havana big band feel here, filtered through a postmodern lens. Steered by the vocals of Pepito, piano melodies sparkle, brass blare bold and percussive sounds punctuate a overarching vibe of joy. (Daptone)
Princess Nokia is known for her versatility as an artist, but this year, she's starting off with her new mixtape, A Girl Cried Red, which straddles a line between emo, alternative and rap. This might come off as a surprise to her new fans, but it's not necessarily a surprise to her die-hard older fans.
If you've been a fan of Princess Nokia before she was even Princess Nokia, you'd know that she went under the name Destiny. Her first release was "Soul Train," a soulful, funky record. With her ability to make other soulful tracks, like "Apple Pie Princess," she also created "Versace Hottie," a boastful club-type banger. She even went under the name of Wavy Spice for the track "Bitch I'm Posh" before her music career blew up as Princess Nokia.
Her experimentation didn't stop there; her Metallic Butterfly album three years ago revealed influences that included trip-hop, jungle, electronic synths, soft vocals, cyber, digital and futurist sounds, all combined into one project. After releasing her first full rap album, 1992 (followed by the beefed-up 1992 (Deluxe)), it should come as no surprise that she'd drop an alternative-emo project. Princess Nokia has fully embraced her femininity, spirituality, upbringing, weirdness and vulnerability.
A Girl Cried Red takes you back in time to the nostalgia of your emo days. Even the title is a reference to her favourite Dance Gavin Dance track "The Robot with Human Hair."
The rest of the mixtape shows an honest approach to what she went through in creating the project. She starts with the lines "It won't even hurt, I'm already dead (I'm already dead), voices in my head, monsters under my bed, I'm alone again, I lost all my friends." She speaks of being on tour, losing relationships (including her boyfriend Michael), replacing feelings with money and falling apart in the process. However, she reassures her listeners in "Look Up Kid" that everything we are going through will be okay in the end.
With all her experimentations with guitar ("Flowers and Rope"), Auto-Tune melodies ("For the Night") straight-out emo alternative sounds and lyrics ("Look Up Kid") and more, Princess Nokia might have just blessed up with a project our inner teenager/child needed, even if we didn't want or expect it. (Rough Trade)
On the heels of releasing her A Girl Cried Red mixtape, Princess Nokia has now shared a video for "For the Night." Co-directed by Milah L...
Women's empowerment wasn't just the theme of 2017, but a movement that shaped and changed the political landscape and longstanding social st...
When it comes to confronting racism, actions speak louder than words. We could all stand to take a page from the book of Princess Nokia, who...
Princess Nokia showcases confidence, grit and versatility on 1992 Deluxe. A re-issue of her 2016 mixtape, the remastered effort features eig...
If her single "G.O.A.T." is any indication, Princess Nokia's upcoming album 1992 Deluxe promises to be assertive, bold and braggadocious. Du...
"If storing or transporting the outboard motor on its side (not upright), put it on a cushion after draining the engine oil."
Allen Gym, of Philadelphia, captured a Bronze Medal at the 2007 Golden Gloves Tournament of Champions.
In web hosting it is very common to have multiple level support departments (primarily level 1  3) but out of the box, WHMCS does not have a feature to 
Tags: advanced support, asp support, customer support, department, departments, escalated, escalated ticket, helpdesk, level, level 1, level 2 support, level 3, levels, priority support, support, support team, tickets, whmcs, whmcs support	| Posted under WHMCS	| 2 Comments
The first thank you cards are being prepared to be sent today, so if you want one: donate $10 and let me know your address via pm or an email to goldensunriseasmin@gmail.com (if you have already donated that's fine, let me know the name you donated under and your address)
We're doing what we hope to be the last part of the run on Saturday the 24th of January (the weekend after next) at 3pm-9pm GMT (9am-3pm CST). There are still cards available to donors. And the place to donate is still justgiving.com/GoldenSunrise/
New runners: You can still join us and it's not too late! All you need to do is get to the same place ( [link] ) and donate $5. Please record your time too so we can add you to the results or if you're not able to catch up, we can send you our save file, just let us know! Your stream will be advertised along side the others.
I swear this is the last time I'll pester you with this: We're about to do our final part of the run this weekend!
We've completed 18 hours of the run and now we're moving into the final stage. We're going to complete the run in our last burst to the finish line. We're running on the 14th of March from 10am-4pm CDT (3pm-9pm GMT) or longer or shorter; we're playing until the end! The back runner Diem will begin having just finished Jupiter Lighthouse and obtained the flying boat, as he progressed through the story other runners will join him as he catches up with their location.
We are doing this to raise money for MSF, please donate if you can to this amazing charity. We're currently at 93% of our goal! As ever viewers that donate more than $10 will be sent a specially designed thank you card along with stickers and bookmark to commemorate your contribution if you want one please provide an address via our email goldensunriseasmin@gmail.com your address will not be kept or used for anything else.
Please, please consider donating what you can by going here: https://www.justgiving.com/GoldenSunrise
Be fascinated by the wonders of the ocean life while gliding through the surface of the waters. Snorkeling is suitable for all ages and abilities, from beginners and children to advanced swimmers.
Aim : Our aim is provide quality product with competitive price and on time shipment. We are capable of doing any ready-made garments in any agreed time. Our focus is your need and we try to meet the expectation of our client.
Sharmin Group A 100% export oriented ready made apparel manufacturer in Bangladesh, since 1999. Specialize in the manufacturing of woven casual pants, shorts, skirts, jackets, over-all for Read more 
VIYELLATEX Group An end-to-end apparel solution provider in Bangladesh. Business Units : VIYELLATEX Limited (VTL)  composite knit apparel and textile manufacturing business unit of VIYELLATEX group. Read more 
Bangladesh IRIS Company Ltd. Japan based multinational garment accessories companies in Bangladesh. Products :  Buttons  Zipper Pullers and Hanging Accessories  Cord Parts & Tape Read more 
Marsss Fashion BD is a apparel sourcing & export solutions company in Bangladesh since 2015. Services :  Working as buying agent / local representative to execute Read more 
List of Companies in Bangladesh | Pharmaceutical companies in Bangladesh | Garment Companies in Bangladesh | Bangladesh Multinational Company List | Real Estate Company in Bangladesh | Bangladesh Cement Manufacturers | Wedding Event Management Companies | Bangladesh Hotels | Package Tours | Study Abroad | Bangladesh Embassy List
 2014 - 2018 BangladeshBusinessDir.com - || About us || Privacy Policy || Sitemap || Questions / Complaints / Suggestions ? Contact Us. || Home
- Mt bng PPGI mu trng vit bt d Mt bng thp ph sn bng mu trng ca Hn quc, vit n bt d, khng  li vt m khi xa.
Events happening in Sarasota on Sunday 5th August 2018 information about Upcoming events in Sarasota like parties concerts meets shows
Mens_Nike_Golf_Orange_2018_Ryder_Cup_Breath_Color_Block_Performance_Polo http://images.fanatics.com/lf http://dmimages.ff.p10/chains/2797029.txt false We are unable to customize this item with the text you have entered. Please try a different entry again. Your current entry cannot be processed due to guidelines for past and present player names. Please create a new entry.
A Jekyll Island website gives a glimpse into the life of Charles Steward Maurice, Class of 1861, who went on to become an engineer. He trained at RPI, accelerating his studies and joining the U.S. Navy in 1862. After the war, he went into private practice, building a number of impressive bridges. For many years, Maurice summered in Georgia with his very large family, and he seems to have been actively involved in the life on Jekyll Island despite being a Yankee.
When I saw the blurb for the link, I thought of the powerful changes Maurices generation, both North and South, lived through. The books are about to close on the fiscal year for the endowment, the belt will have to be tightened further, and things will still be very difficult for many Ephs, but Williams survives and her sons (and daughters) continue to excel. I pause for a moment and am grateful to all who have made that possible.
I grew up for a few years in Mr. Maurices house on the banks of the Susquehanna River in Athens, PA. Gorgeous old place with formal gardens and carved mahogany top to bottom.
The people who bought it from my father painted all the hand-carved mahogany stairways and paneling white.
Somewhere, I think Ive got the old blueprints of the house that we found in the attic framed along with an old portrait of Mr. Maurice.
I just realized that the only person who would have found it interesting that old man Maurices Williams ghosts haunting our Athens house may be the reason I was drawn to Williams would have been my Dad. Wish Id learned it sooner so I could have shared it with him.
And what a coincidence, hwc, that you lived in this mans house! The article says he graduated Phi Beta Kappa and was class salutatorian. Did his spirit serve to influence you to such a degree?
We never knew that much about old man Maurice. He died in 24. My dad bought the house, for something like $35,000, in 1959, probably from an old widow Maurice daughter. We only lived there for a few years and I was quite young.
It was an exquisitely hand-crafted old house with stained glass windows and hand carved everything, a working hand cranked elevator, etc. Just no market for that kind of property in Athens, PA  near Elmira. It was featured in a book about the 100 finest homes in Pennsylvania that we have a copy of somewhere. In addition to painting all the carved mahogany, subsequent owners subdivided the property and built little matchbox suburban ranch houses, so the original property was pretty much destroyed.
I went back and drove past the house on the way home from the Watkins Glen concert in 1974. My dad and my brother drove to Athens and looked around last year.
Maurice was a buddy and associate of the Rockefellers and the Vanderbilts, all part of the railroad barron crowd that developed Sea Island and Jekyll Island as their winter retreats.
BTW, I doubt very much that Maurice and his pals summered at Jekyll Island. In those pre-air conditioned days, those barrier islands would have been hell-holes in July and August. I believe they wintered there  February, March, April  something like that.
The home must have been a wonderful place to live & explore as a child. Very sad to read what happened to the property, both the house & the grounds.
It was. but it was kind of a spooky place, too. I remember finding an old antique wicker wheel chair in the attic of the barn (really more like a horse barn converted to multi car garage  the kind of barn that really needed a couple of old Packards instead of my Dads Plymouth station wagon!) and pushing my brother down the stairs in it. Stuff like that. Probably old man Maurices wheel chair.
I was only 7 when we moved, so I have few direct memories. Many more from photos. It had formal English gardens with grass borders than my mother spent endless hours trimming with clippers.
Thanks for your thoughts. My father died recently. Recently enough that I caught myself thinking I would have to tell him about old man Maurice being an Eph.
Summers long ago seem to fit you, hwc. Savor your memories & the photos. I hope they bring you & your family comfort.
I wonder if anyone in your family remembers any Williams related memorabilia in the house. Perhaps other members of the Maurice family attended Williams.
The photo of him would have been about the time he graduated from Williams. Scroll down to see his wife, and further down to see the Jekyll Island home which was indeed, the winter residence.
In a couple of paragraphs under the photo of Maurices wife, they talk about the remodeling of the Athens house to accommodate their growing brood. (They had nine children!)
Thanks for this post. I think it would be great to do a series of these glances into the lives of past Ephs. As you said above, its a way of getting a fresh perspective on our own lives, and it is a treasure hunt of sorts in that you just dont know what will turn up, HWCs connection being a perfect example. The fact that he lived in this house and did not realize it was that of a Williams grad, and then grew up to become one himself, is just an amazing coincidence.
HWC, thanks for sharing that rich bit of your past with us. I too, offer my condolences for the loss of your father, and hope that LGs post, in some small way, will give you a bit of respite.
Thanks, everyone. Im OK. My Dad had no complaints. He was 85 years old and had never spent a day in his life in the hospital when he was diagnosed with inevitably terminal liver cancer. He was healthy, gardening, playing bridge, planning yet another cruise, and grilling lamb chops for me three days before he went in for surgery that was his only shot at several more years of good health. He had no desire whatsover for a long ugly decline, so passing away without leaving the hospital, six weeks after the original biopsy results wasnt a bad outcome in the grand scheme of things. I have been able to focus on the positive memories, which are still here and still just as real, interspersed of course by some moments of sadness.
Scroll down for a photo of Maurices four daughters. My family bought the house from the estate of last surviving of the four in 1958.
Theres also a photo of a party in the dining room taken in 1894 That room, as I recall, was on the back right corner of the main house shown in the photo and had a blond wood inlaid parquet floor of some sort as opposed to the dark oak, cherry, and mahagany in other rooms. Barely visible at the left is one of the many carved wood and tile fireplaces in the house.
The whole coincidence is rather amazing. Im sorry your father didnt know, as it would have interested him, no doubt. I cant imagine why I decided to go ahead and post about Maurice, of all people, but it has been serendipitous.
You must have been in kindergarten or early elementary school when you moved in. I had a sudden vision of you racing along on a tricycle, wending through the porches dripping off the house (but that was probably some other child as you might have been a bit old for that). It almost seems as though a sailor middy should have been standard issue for boys at the house (although I seem to remember that striped knit shirts were de rigeur for us little boys back then in 1958).
An oh, my from me, too. Im glad I took a quick look at EB now otherwise Im sure I would have missed this.
lg: no sailor suit, but I do have a photo of me on the porch at the Athens house is a proper little boys Sunday suit with a crewcut/flattop haircut.
I only lived in the house for kindergarten, first, and second grades  we moved in November of 3rd grade. So, I have few memories of the place, independent of photos.
Are you ready to take photography classes in Clarks Grove MN? Whether you are a hobbyist, professional, or beginner, the most effective way to improve your photography technique is through hands-on classes with knowledgeable instructors.
Minnesota offers numerous accredited and recognized photography schools. Topics taught in photography classes include lighting techniques, digital capture, outdoor photography, exposure, composition, and many other basic and advanced camera techniques. Maturing into an accomplished photographer can pave the road to a lifelong hobby or successful professional career.
EPI Air was on display at the Allen D. Lehman Swine Conference in St. Paul Minnesotas River Centre, September 15th  18th . Veterinarians from around the world gathered to review research work towards science-driven solutions to complex challenges facing the swine industry.
More than half of the visitors to the EPI Air booth had heard of EPI before. We also received confirmation that veterinarians familiar with EPI technology are informing their inquiring clients that EPI technology is both science-based and makes sense. Several research veterinarians stopped by the booth as well, to touch base on on-going studies and soon-to-start studies involving EPI technology.
Several hypotheses are being tested to measure the impact toward better herd and worker health that cleaning the air provides. Of special note are studies that aim to measure the pathogen-killing effects of saturating the air with electrons, or antioxidants. These studies aim to confirm field observations of biologic activity against pathogens. The swine industry looks forward to having another tool to battle the PRRS virus, the influenza virus, mycoplasma and other diseases that may be limited through the use of EPI Air technology.
Are you interested in learning more about how EPI Air works? Check out this video or contact us for more information.
Leaders from the swine industry across the globe will be coming to the beautiful state of Minnesota this weekend. They are coming not just to see the beautiful fall colors, but to attend an internationally acclaimed Swine Conference. The Allen D. Lehman Swine Conference, put on by the University of Minnesota Veterinary Medicines continuing education program, will be at the St. Paul River Centre in St. Paul, Minnesota on Sept. 15-18, 2012.
Allen D. Lehman was a University of MN Extension Veterinarian who initiated the conference in 1974 to give practitioners a forum to discuss important issues in the swine industry. Lehman worked to define the links between swine disease and swine production. After Lehmans death in 1994, the conference was renamed in his honor for his dedication to education in practicing veterinarians. Today, hundreds of participants from over 20 countries attend.
This conference is a great place to discuss best practices, challenges, and the latest innovations in the swine industry. Besides the great conference and pre-conference programs and poster presentations, many of the attendees greatly value the networking that happens in the seminars, hallways, and exhibit hall. The staff from Baumgartner Environics looks forward to talking with veterinarians and graduate students about swine disease, swine production, and how EPI Air offers solutions through cleaning the air of dust particles for marked improvement in animal growth and livability.
Filed Under: Company News Tagged With: Allen D. Lehman, EPI, swine conference, swine disease, swine producers, U of MN, veterinarian
This skill core was introduced during a special in-game event or offer and will return if said event occurs again.
One tradition says the name derives from an Indian term for "red cedar." Another translation is "running water"
Crime: The number of violent crimes recorded by the FBI in 2003 was 0. The number of murders and homicides was 0. The violent crime rate was 0 per 1,000 people.
Support for libraries: Local government funding for the local library system, in fiscal years 2001-2002, was above the national average. (See library links below.)
Sections below provide additional information and links about Ho-Ho-Kus demographics, travel and tourism, nearby airports, cemeteries, the Bergen County economy, education, environment, genealogy, government, historic sites, Bergen-Passaic area jobs, libraries, maps, museums, newspapers and other media, nonprofit groups, real estate, recreation, religion, transportation, and weather in the 07423 ZIP code.
14% of Ho-Ho-Kus residents report German ancestry, and 22% report Irish. For more info on local ancestry groups, see the Ho-Ho-Kus ancestry & family history guide.
At the time of the 2000 census, the per capita income in Ho-Ho-Kus was $63,594, compared with $21,587 nationally.
Median rent in Ho-Ho-Kus, at the time of the 2000 Census, was $1,458. Monthly homeowner costs, for people with mortgages, were $2,440.
Bergen County supported John Kerry in the 2004 presidential election. For more information, see our Ho-Ho-Kus political report.
Material things always make statements about peoples identities. For indigenous Filipino men, making baskets asserts identities rich in culture and in non-market values. This article examines basketry backpacks that were part of the pre-colonial material culture of ethnic groups known as Igorot. When made from rattan, these baskets are recognized as tribal art or heritage items. When made from plastic by contemporary artisans, they are problematic objects that subvert dominant constructs of masculinity. Featuring bright colours  pink, red and yellow  from the detritus of goldmining, these basketry forms point to the plasticity of masculinity itself. By working in plastic, their makers appropriate the cultural history of plastic to subvert the constructions of authenticity, class, ethnicity and gender, suggesting how masculinity could be otherwise. Here, plastic has a cultural potency of its own, with important implications for initiatives to manage or recycle waste materials or create innovative design. Because plastic carries its problematic history and malleability into the objects made from it in ways that reshape categories of meaning and subjectivities, plastic is never just a neutral substrate for artisans self-expression but the active co-producer of dynamic distinctions between sacred and profane, global and indigenous, that fold back in on each other.
This is the accepted author manuscript (AAM). The final published version (version of record) will be available online via Sage Publications at https://uk.sagepub.com/en-gb/eur/journal/journal-material-culture - please refer to any applicable terms of use of the publisher.
Gutsche Jr, Robert (2019) Reinventing journalism practice, education, and training : Addressing news as power and propaganda. Bloomsbury Academic. (In Press)
Gutsche Jr, Robert (2019) Trumpled : The making of Trump and the demonization of the press. Bloomsbury Academic. (In Press)
Jump to: Article in a Scientific Journal - without review | Conference presentation | Conference poster | Thesis - not published by a publisher | Report - other report | pico
Welcome to the Foot Health Forum community where you can ask about foot problems and get help, as well as be up-to-date with the latest foot health information. Only registered members can ask a question, but you do not need to register to respond and give help. Please become part of the community (here) and check out the shop.
Zylam Garcinia Since it has shown that Zylam Garcinia beans have many benefits for weight loss, many companies have, what is the end result of all the benefits? The formula will work in your body to increase the amount of weight lost each week. How does this dietary supplement work? These pills work effectively to stabilize the metabolic process, increase energy and promote the overall health...
Engagement metrics make it easier to understand how fascinated a web site's readers are With all the web-site's content material. The metrics are up-to-date day by day according to the trailing three click here months.
This exception only indicates that your custom certificate validator called e.Reject(). To be able to tell more, we would need to see result.Status. Please note that calling e.Reject(result.Status) instead of just e.Reject() would produce a more meaningful exception message.
Incomplete chain error indicates that the certificate engine was unable to construct the whole chain of certificates from the supplied certificate. A certificate chain includes the server certificate, any intermediate CA certificates and the root CA certificates. Calling "e.CertificateChain.Validate(...)" instead of "e.Certificate.Validate(...)" should solve the issue.
The original variant would still work if the intermediate CA certificates were available in the local machine's intermediate CA store. This is probably the case in the other lab environment. However, their presence is not guaranteed. Calling CertificateChain.Validate(...) ensures that intermediate CA certificates provided by the server are taken into account as well.
We are not calling "e.CertificateChain.Validate(...)" instead we are calling "e.Certificate.Validate(...)", which you are suggesting. You can verify in shared source at first question.
There we have only two options LocalMachine and CurrentUser. I don't believe that will matter. what is your view?
I was suggesting you call "e.CertificateChain.Validate(...)". Calling "e.Certificate.Validate(...)" is incorrect in most scenarios and it's causing the exception. Sorry for the confusion. CertificateChainEngine does not matter in this case.
Wanted to know whether CertificateChain.Validate() will also work in case of normal certificate which is not a chain certificates?
So my question is if we use CertificateChain.Validate() the will it work in both the scenario Certificate chain and normal certificate?
The most typical configuration of the server is to send Leaf certficate and all Intermediate CA certficates, so the client is able to build the certificate chain up to Root CA.
Please note that "Validate certificate" means to always validate whole certificate chain form the given certificate up to its Root CA. There is no reason to validate only Leaf certificate without validating Root CA - if Root CA is untrusted also Leaf certificate is untrusted.
If you call "e.Certificate.Validate(...)" the Intermadiate CA certificates sent by the server are ignored and the chain is built only using certificates in your local machine certificate store. This often leads to mentioned "IncompleteChain" error, because local machine CA store doesn't contain all every-issued-world-wide CA certificates.
Unable to perform revocation check of the server certificate - works only when running as LocalSystem
On Thursday, November 19th, Ryan got the group together to talk about how we should go about doing the project. He drew out a plan of everything that needed to be done to build the guitar, using the website that Kyle found as a guide. Since Thanksgiving break was coming up the next week, Ryan decided that at the very least, the soundboard should be made before break began. Since Nick lives so close to campus, he was responsible for getting his dad's jigsaw so the wooden soundboard could be made prior to break.
10 acres available in a soon to be developing area. This parcel is high and dry and not in a wet land. Seller will consider to negotiate option to carry mortage with right down payment and professional developer. New housing development in under development across Bill Tucker Road.
Beautiful building lot on a road of custom built homes. Rotunda is a growing community close to Cape Haze Peninsula. Close to the beaches and nearby boat ramps.
Lima, Feb. 07 (ANDINA).- Two hundred fifty farmers of the town of San Salvador, Cusco, will export 100 tons of kiwicha grains during 2008 as a result of the negotiations between Sierra Exportadora and sector-related companies.
It is also expected that these Cusco-grown kiwicha grains can be exported to other international markets based on a substantial increase in its offer and better technical advising to ensure a top quality product.
SportChek claims that its new West Edmonton Mall flagship store is the worlds most digitally advanced retail experience. Heres a quick look at some of its more eye-catching features.
How you are going to connect with your teams during the most wonderful time of the year? Some leaders are naturally extroverted and this comes easy. But, for some, it feels like being forced to watch an episode of Big Brother while cleaning your baseboards. Whatever camp youre in; there are some rules to the game when it comes to holiday office parties.
Number one: Dress appropriately. Fit in and be part of the team. No one likes for the boss to show up in a slick suit complete with a pocket square when its a casual holiday party where employees don Rudolph noses and ugly sweaters. Fit in, dont under or over dress. Its a company function, not a nightclub.
Number two: Be mindful of your body language. Be easy and comfortable without fist bumps or high fives. Keep the conversation going and look people in the eye. Try not to look at your phone or watch, even if the most important deal is being penned.
Number three: Use emotional intelligence. Watch for cues and be mindful that the holidays are not fun for all people. While we may love getting into the spirit, our team members may come from cultures that dont celebrate Christmas. Plus, the holidays, for some, can bring memories of lost loved ones. Be compassionate and use your inner barometer to mitigate uncomfortable situations.
Number five: Celebrate. Dont pontificate. Dont make a speech about fourth quarter earnings. All of the air will be sucked out of the room like a record coming to a screeching halt.
Number six: Most importantly, thank people for what they do. Your team looks up to you and they need to feel confident in you  the person  not just the boss. Be sincere and grateful.
Happy Holidays from Executive Aura! For more information on communication strategy and leadership development needs, contact us at info@executiveaura.com.
Haukeli Fem Card - Dale of Norway Lady- Norwegian Sweater, Jacket, Cardigan, Hat, Scarf, Gloves and Headwear of pure wool from Oslo Sweater Shop Norway
The Merino is the most economically influential breed of sheep in the world, prized for its wool. Super fine Merinos are regarded as having the finest and softest wool of any sheep.
MERINO wool: Dale offers a wide range of Merino wool models. Skin soft quality, and machine washable.
A feminine youthful design, inspired by the historical "Valknut" symbol. This is a knot with no opening, beginning or end, symbolizing that it is unbreakable by evil forces and used for protection against black magic. Named after Haukeli, a mountain area located in the central part of Norway.
Too often, sequels are disappointing because they simply cannot match up to the wonder of discovering a new world and new characters for the first time. This book, however, is the best kind of sequel, because it lets us return to the same world, to see the characters we love facing new situations and new opportunities for growth. I was glad to have an equally fabulous experience reading this book as I did the first one, and just as sad to see it end.
Although I was sometimes frustrated with this book because the initial conflict was based on misunderstandings and assumptions that could have been easily cleared up with a little more communication. However, I eventually grew to love the characters and understand the pain that led to their choices. I also love books like this that intertwine romance with personal growth, and hope to read more books about the people of Hope Springs.
This book wasn't terrible, but it was also not a very memorable read either. The protagonist is the stereotypical girl who is unusually educated and self-actualized for the time period, and who manages to fall in love with someone during one single encounter. The writing was fairly straightforward and the action well-paced, but it was not unique in anyway.
This book was another favorite (the historical romance category was particularly strong this year). I loved the Cornish setting, and the friendship between the two love interests. The book also added in some mystery and adventure, and was a great read.
Moore's scripture retellings are always favorites of mine, because she combines meticulous research in creating a realistic setting with fully-realized characters that are compelling to read about. This book was a lovely story about women and family, and I thoroughly enjoyed it.
This book ended up being my favorite in the romance category--although I found it interesting that it was put in contemporary romance and not historical. After reading it, I could better understand the characterization, since the time travel aspect of the plot gives in a contemporary feel, in contrast to the historical setting. In addition to a fun plot, this book has great characters with unique personalities, and I hated to leave them behind when the book ended.
First of all, this book has a great cover--it's so well-designed and fits the story perfectly! As far as the book goes, I felt like it was a bit of a mixed bag. The conflict was confusing, though, because it seemed like it was mostly based on assumptions by the protagonist, and it was frustrating to see her keep going with them instead of really talking to people and clearing things up. The pacing was a little off as well, and the book bogged down a bit in the middle. However, it was mostly a fun read and I fell in love with Lucas by the end of it.
This book really, really needs a second pass with a editor, both copy editing as well as clarifying some aspects of the story. I had a hard time following things because the formatting of quotations made it difficult to tell who was talking. Also, the story was confusing--for example, one character seemed to appear out of nowhere, and in another case, a conflict with a different character didn't get resolved (and it was never clear why there was conflict in the first place. I think this story has a lot of possibilities, but it needs some more work first.
I had a hard time with Iroz's first book last year and didn't have high expectations for this one. However, surprisingly, this book was a lot better and I had a lot of fun reading it. First of all, the story had a clearer arc, as well as conflict and complications that were realistic (a few of which were surprising to find in a Mormon novel). Second, it was nice to read a romance about a couple trying to figure themselves out together, rather than one where the entire book was taken up by the pursuit of a relationship. This was still not my favorite book in the romance category, but was surprisingly fun.
For book club this month we all picked books from Ireland, and I had read a number of good reviews of this book and Enright's other work. The writing was beautiful, and the plot was well-crafted. The main flaw, however, is a lack of clarity about the protagonist's motivations. I never could quite grasp why she acted the way she did, or why the other characters disliked her.
I have read some criticisms of this book, and while I agree with them, I still think this is a valuable book and would recommend it to nearly anyone. I think it is important to take Tom's intentions at face value--this is a memoir and not meant to be prescriptive in any way. There are aspects of his particular experience that will not fit the life experience of others, and do betray a certain kind of privilege. However, he is an excellent writer and has made a very important contribution, both to books about the gay Mormon experience specifically, and to Mormon memoir in general.
I've only seen this book once, years ago, and didn't remember it very well. It's a lot of fun and the kids all got a kick out of it too.
I don't know why it took me too long to get around to watching this movie, since I liked it a lot more than I expected to. The story was fun and had a lot of great twists, although there were a few times it felt like it was doing a bit too much and was hard to follow. However, it is one that I would definitely watch again.
I put off reading this book for too long because I worried that it would be cheesy (simply based on its massive popularity and the outline of the plot). However, I loved Beartown last year and finally decided to give this a chance. Yes, the plot could potentially be cheesy, but Backman's tone was just sarcastic enough to keep it entertaining and refreshing. I also love a book with an intricate plot where all the pieces come together in a satisfying way at the end.
This book showed up on a lot of "best of 2017" lists so I decided to read it. I think it should be required reading for anyone trying to understand more about immigration issues right now. It's a small-scale look at a big, complex problem, and sometimes I wish it had been a bit more comprehensive, but as a small, slice-of-life, it works well.
I've been sitting on this for a while, because I'm not sure I can write anything interesting about billboards. I even debated skipping this day, but I figured I might as well give it a shot.
When I was little, the bank my mom went to was next to Rock Liquor. We would often wait in the car while my mom went into the bank, and I was always fascinated by two large murals on the side of the liquor store. There was a painting of a bunch of people eating lunch in bright, summery dresses, and a poster advertising dancing in French. It wasn't until I was much older that I realized that the murals were reproductions of paintings by Renoir and Toulouse-Lautrec, and not just liquor ads.
The other billboards I remember spending a lot of time pondering were the ones I saw in Spain as a missionary. As missionaries we spent most of our day out on the streets walking around, or riding the metro or buses. We saw a lot of advertisements and billboards, and since I was learning Spanish, eve
I didn't enjoy this book as much as some other books I've read about the same time period; some parts seemed to drag and it could be hard to differentiate between all the different people involved. It was still an interesting book and I learned new things about the history of treatment for AIDS, and how complicated and difficult progress can be.
Despite the fact that this book starts with a disappearance, it is not a mystery. In fact, there is not a lot of tension or a strong narrative thread. Instead, it is the story of a place and the people who live there, and how they grow and change over time. During the month since I read it, I've had a hard time mentally letting go of it because reading it was such an immersive experience.
I read a review of this book several years ago, but somehow didn't write down the correct title and never found the book. I checked out a book I 
Easily fold back the sunroof to catch some rays, Remove the windows and enter into safari mode or take advantage of full top during rain. You can do all these Read more 
Ford F-150 Programmer,Chips & Tuners|10 Best Tuners & Chips to Increase Gas Mileage,Efficiency & Horsepower What is Performance Chips,Programmers & Tuners? Car performance chips are aftermarket accessories that car owners Read more 
Top 20 Most Effective Car Polishes & Waxes For Extra Shiny Look,Tips to Choose The Best Wax Are you looking for some best Car polishes and Waxes to retain that Read more 
2016-2017 Truck Bed Camping Accessories:5 Best Truck Tents For Adventure Camping Camping is always the good idea of spending hours with your family and friends out of your town miles Read more 
Top 7 Best Brake Repair Tools & Hacks that Helps you to get Rid of Brake Wear Problems|Best Buys Whenever your car starts creating abnormal sounds,feelings or smells,start investigating the []
How to Choose the Best Air Intake System for car or Truck|Maximise Performance & Boosted Fuel efficiency Do you want to improve your truck or cars performance level? Or Do []
Top 5 Best Exhaust Systems Brands for Bikes 2016 Are you tired of the standard exhaust system on your bike? Do you want some extra power out of your bike []
2016-2017 Truck Bed Camping Accessories:5 Best Truck Tents For Adventure Camping Camping is always the good idea of spending hours with your family and friends out of your town miles []
Blush Diy Wedding Luxury Unusual Wedding Table Decorations, picture size 680x907 posted by Craig Carter at April 12, 2018
, choices the top choices using ideal quality just for you, and this photos is usually among images libraries in your greatest graphics gallery about Awesome Photograph Of Unusual Wedding Table Decorations. I really hope you will as it.
This particular impression (Blush Diy Wedding Luxury Unusual Wedding Table Decorations) earlier mentioned is actually labelled together with:
placed by means of Craig Carter on 2018-04-12 22:16:28. To discover all pictures with Awesome Photograph Of Unusual Wedding Table Decorations graphics gallery you should follow this kind of url.
Curved sliding doors are all about the illusion of space. While not looking particularly remarkable in themselves, they make the outside look spectactular. If you have a great view, there is no better way to show it off than with curved sliding patio doors that wrap around a part of the room and seem to almost disappear while giving the feeling of being outside and immersed within that fabulous vista.
Adding a curved sliding patio door to their Victorian home in Epping Forest has added impact, opened up views to the garden and created a highly-valued new living space for Nick Bowman and his partner Anne.
Fed up with a lack of natural light in their kitchen and a conservatory that suffered from temperature extremes, the couple decided to demolish the conservatory and back wall to build an extension incorporating a 7.19 metre-wide curved sliding door supplied and installed by Balconette.
One of Balconys largest curved glass patio doors installed in the UK made up of a combination of four movable (sliding) and four fixed doors, the doors make a truly impressive statement and demonstrate a spectacular appeal.
Enclosing just over a semi circle (210 degrees) of curved glass and measuring ten metres in length the doors flood the living room extension with light from all sides. They were installed as a part of an extensive renovation to the 300-year-old property, which now comprises three former farmworkers cottages in one.
The doors are finished with a RAL 7038 Agate Grey powder coating. The circular shape was originally designed with wooden uprights, but the plans changed once the owners, David and Lynn Walton from Nottinghamshire, saw Balconys glass curved patio doors at the Grand Designs Live exhibition.
It certainly achieves what we wanted; that is to make the most of views to the garden and we have brought the garden into our home, said David. The door is a focal point in the living room where it forms an entire wall at one end. Its so striking and everyone likes it!
Now we have fitted the decking the curved patio door really comes into its own. It is never too hot or too sunny and the pleasure of the panoramic view of the garden cannot be over emphasised.
The price was right  and quite competitive  for what is a totally bespoke job, added David. The door is so dramatic and there really is nothing quite like it on the UK market.
A great many options and combinations of fixed and sliding doors are available. Balcony Systems offer an installation service as well as the option to buy and install yourself.
Fantastic panoramic views of the southern tip of the Isle of Man from a luxurious bed and breakfast property are fully exploited using every product from UK balustrading specialist Balcony Systems wide range of low-maintenance clear glass balustrading and curved sliding patio doors.
Owners Philip and Jillian Routledge specified Balconys four-panel curved patio door, with two sliding panels, that forms the stunning centrepiece of the domed guest lounge at The Arches overlooking Port Erin. Either side of the curved white aluminium powder-coated doors are two further straight patio doors allowing additional access to the outside space.
Measuring 5.2 metres across and maximising the 180-degree views, the curved door has double glazed units with Low E glass and a 16mm air space that achieve a 1.8W/m2K U-value. It opens onto a square terrace with a structural glazed balustrade, also supplied by Balcony Systems. This balustrading style was chosen specifically to fulfil safety requirements with low-maintenance minimum visual impact, plus the added benefit of protection from prevailing winds.
The curved patio doors and balustrading elements were installed by Chris Wedgwood, Managing Director of Jurby-based Hamilton Project Management Ltd and incorporated as part of extensive remodelling to the substantial 1920s building, perched on a steep site in Tower Road.
Five years of construction work included rebuilding and extending the southern elevation and roofing over what was an outdoor swimming pool.
Following the shape of a second lower terrace next to the swimming pool are nearly 40 metres of Balconys curved and straight balustrading, topped with an anodised silver handrail. Above this terrace, three glass Juliet balconies supplied by Balcony Systems maintain clear views from guest rooms on two upper floors.
Having holidayed on the Isle of Man for many years, the couple moved there from the UK in 2006 having fallen in love with The Arches spectacular coastal location. The B&B opened for business in 2011.
Philip, from Liverpool, explained: The incredible views inspired all the glass as the whole point was to maximise the pleasure from them. Its unusual to have 180 degrees of such splendour  and the curved patio door from Balcony Systems really does it justice. Everyone is stunned when they see it and it adds so much to the value and enjoyment of the property.
As the house is located near to the sea, thats great for the views but a real challenge to the materials used to enable us to enjoy them to the full. After four or five years of installation, the finishes on our Balcony products are like new.
The curved patio door performs well; its thermally-efficient, air and watertight, even during the wild weather we get sometimes. Its so central to what we wanted to achieve. Theres no product like it and it really brings the outside in!
Project architect John Cryer, of Marshall Cryer Architects said an initial triangular design for the lounge was adapted into a more space-efficient curve after consultation with Balcony Systems.
He said: The curved door is a remarkable product, making the most of the space and views while turning an ordinary room into something much better. This site is so suited to this product. So many sites on the island have good views that would benefit from products like those from Balcony Systems. I would definitely use their products again.
According to Chris Wedgwood, its the combination of Balconys three different products that work really well at The Arches. The curved patio door undoubtedly gives the house its Wow factor and makes the most of the views. The structural glass balustrade is a fantastic answer for uninterrupted views. Theyre all good quality, well-thought out products.
Balcony Systems is a specialist in sophisticated glass and aluminium balustrading solutions and stunning curved patio doors, supplying straight or curved external and Juliet balconies to exact client specifications.
From single balustrades to multi-apartment developments, the company works with architects, designers and specifiers to deliver the most cost-effective, stylish and durable balustrade solution.
Panoramic ocean views are dished up every day for diners at this new South Devon restaurant  thanks to a show-stopping curved sliding patio door from Balcony Systems.
The balustrading and curved door specialist met the architects specification with a nine-panel door, incorporating two sliding panels, spanning well over half the buildings circular sea-facing elevation.
Measuring nearly 15 metres in width with a blue powder-coated finish, the door opens onto an outdoor dining terrace at the Gara Rock Restaurant, part of an exclusive coastal resort complex built by Coast Group near Salcombe.
Directly below, a second eight metre-wide curved patio door with two sliding panels, also supplied by Balcony, offers similar spectacular sea views for guests using the indoor swimming pool and spa facilities.
Diana Hunt, who runs the restaurant with Ian Dent, said: The wonderful curved glass wall and doors frame an almost 180 degree view of the south Devon coastline. We are able to open the curved glass doors back to the point where they almost seem to disappear. They are incredibly smooth, but heavy enough to dissuade children from playing too enthusiastically with them!
Suitable for virtually any commercial or residential property, Balconys curved patio doors add the wow factor with a versatility that allows for a variety of sliding or fixed configurations within almost limitless creative scope for designers and architects. Wide openings can be achieved to seamlessly connect interior and outdoor spaces.
Adding extra fixed curved panels allows for longer glazed runs, further enhancing views, light and the feeling of space to any interior.
Simon Baldwin, Director of Aminghurst Ltd, Gara Rocks owners, commented: Both doors are quite stunning, creating a distinctive visual statement and making the most of impressive vistas from the building.
The doors enable guests to enjoy the beautiful views in comfort, whatever the weather, while also providing practical and easy access to the terraces by the restaurant and pool.
Installation of both doors went smoothly, according to Gara Rock Site Manager Tim Jones, who added: The general consensus from everyone who sees them is that they look spectacular and really make the most of this unique cliff top location.
The beautiful Greek island of Paxos is home to Chris James. The island is lush and green with a very Italian feel. When Chris decided to re-build an old windmill which stood in the grounds of his villa he wanted to keep its traditional look and feel. The windmill, which will be used as a guest cottage, has one bedroom and bathroom on the ground floor and a living room on the first floor to make the most of the sea views. The windmill is creating a lot of interest locally so Chris knew he had to get everything right.
He found Balcony Systems Ltd on the internet and was immediately won over by their stunning curved glass patio doors and placed an order. The three-panel curved patio door measuring 4.5 metres wide will be installed in the first floor living room so guests can enjoy the spectacular sea view .
Chris James says: I found Balcony very helpful and professional. I had the doors delivered to a UK address and then shipped to Paxos. The doors will be a stunning addition to the building. They will give the impression of one large window and will certainly give the windmill the wow factor.
Balcony Systems curved patio doors are part of an award winning project. A recent timber frame construction completed by property developer Princeton Homes has won Best Individual Dwelling in the West of England Local Authority Building Control (LABC) Excellence Awards. The award ceremony took place in Bristol at the Royal Marriott Hotel on 9th July. The judges were impressed by the high standard of design, construction and workmanship of the build, which is based in Lacock, Wiltshire.
Managing Director of Princeton Homes, Andy Turner says: We are extremely pleased with this award. The brief was to build a high spec, modern property that made the most of the spectacular 180 views over the Wiltshire countryside. So installing curved patio doors to one whole side of the house, top to bottom, seemed the answer. The finished design, which combines traditional building methods with the latest energy saving techniques such as solar panels and air-source heat pumps, makes for an amazing looking property.
Innovation has always been the back bone of this industry. At times of great stress when the economy takes a turn for the worse or new regulations force significant changes, companies have innovated, both commercially and technically, to come up with new solutions that attract new customers and new possibilities that extend the market. Right now, system companies, hardware and component companies and fabricators have been active in improving and developing their product range to help their customers maintain their competitive edge. Homeowners have a much wider choice of window styles and colours, a choice of energy efficient windows and a wider choice in doors.
TV programmes such as Grand Designs have also encouraged homeowners to be more creative and adventurous. They encouraged people to look at the possibilities in properties, and to look for products that add value, style and uniqueness. These programmes and their counterparts in printed media have opened homeowners eyes and imagination. Theyve given homeowners the confidence to look for products that can make their property stand out from the rest, and for products that are able to transform a building. They are more confident about experimenting with the shape, size and look of their property. Suppliers and installers  enablers  that can help homeowners achieve their vision and transform their properties will be the winners.
Since the start of the year we have been pedalling fast to keep up with the demand for our balconies, balustrades and curved patio doors. The upsurge in demand in the midst of a deep recession may surprise some, but architects, developers, self builders and homeowners want to make properties look different, better and more stylish, and when offered the means to do so are quick to find a way to do it. A stylish balustrade, or stunning curved patio doors really do transform a building and you dont need to be an architect to see their potential.
Many window and door companies are discovering they have the skills and experience that can help them take advantage of this opportunity. A number have already been selected to become Balcony dealers and distributors and are helping transform their customers properties and their own prospects.
Effi Wolff, Managing Director of Balcony Systems Ltd, outlines the challenge of installing high-tech curved glass doors into a home within the constraints of Conservation Area planning.
The brief for housebuilder Princeton Homes was to build a highspec timber-framed stone finish detached home using the latest eco-friendly technology and materials. The property, which is located in a conservation area, overlooks National Trust land in the picture-postcard village of Lacock, Wiltshire. Situated on top of a hill, it is visible for miles. The build had to be acceptable to planners while making the most of spectacular views and delivering the wow factor to the client.
The solution: to build a traditional stone cottage with natural slate roof at the front and large futuristic curved glass bays at the rear, to take advantage of the 180 views over the Wiltshire countryside.
Andrew Turner, Managing Director of Princeton Homes, turned initially to the internet and put his requirements to eight companies. Balcony Systems Ltd was the only company to respond, presumably because of the complexity of Andrews design. I was confident that working together we could master the challenge.
Once planning permission was granted for the concept design we sat down together to work out the exact specification. The design called for curved glass doors in the living room/kitchen and snug, with matching doors and Juliette balconies above in the master and second bedrooms. We agreed on two curved 10 metre and two curved 5.8 metre VisioGlide 100 glass doors, with two Juliette balconies for the bedrooms, all using our own Royal Chrome anodised aluminium handrails. The doors are 28mm double-glazed toughened Low-E glass, with a high weather rating (essential in this exposed location), and energy efficient in keeping with the eco-friendly ethos of the project. The living room/kitchen door has six curved panels, four sliding and two fixed, while each of the others has two sliding and two fixed curved panels. The master bedroom has a 2.74m curved Juliette balcony and the second bedroom a 2.00m Juliette, so the doors can be opened safely. Balconys system means there are no vertical posts or intrusive clamps in the Juliette balconies, leaving a clear expanse of glass from handrail to floor so there is nothing to interrupt the view. Although they are unobtrusive they have a permitted load factor of 0.74 kN/m uniformly distributed on the handrail and use 10mm clear toughened glass.
This project represented a leap of faith for everyone  Andrew hadnt built anything like this design before and this certainly wasnt an everyday design for Balcony either. A standard feature of Balcony products is their ease of installation  many homeowners have successfully done it themselves  but this project was not so straightforward.
One of the main challenges was to fit the curved bays into the square slate roof. Our sister company VBS Ltd, installation specialists, working closely with the timber frame company and the roofers, had the necessary steelwork cut and fitted into the wooden frame. The roofers brought together the curves of the glass doors with the square traditional slate roof and the result is stunning.
The result: the curved glass doors allow uninterrupted panoramic views from the house for miles ahead. Curved Juliette balconies fitted on the first floor mean that the glass doors in the bedrooms can be opened and the views enjoyed in safety. The minimal hand rail, with glass reaching from top to bottom and no clamps between panes mean there is nothing to distract the eye. The overall effect is one of light and space and integration into the landscape. Careful planning and co-operation between the contractors and Balcony meant the project came in within budget and on schedule. The property is valued at around 1.5 million.
An increased interest in good, innovative home design is a considerable factor in todays market. Television programmes such as Grand Designs have encouraged homeowners to be more creative and adventurous when planning new build or renovation projects and this trend offers a major opportunity to architects, developers, suppliers and installers. Homeowners look for products that make their property stand out from the rest and transform a building from ordinary to amazing. They are more confident about experimenting with the shape, size and look of their property. Those who can help homeowners achieve their vision are in the best position to benefit from this new found enthusiasm.
As a leading supplier of glass balustrades, curved patio doors and Juliette balconies, we are making the most of this desire for innovation and style, and experiencing rapid growth as a result. The contemporary design of our products and the maximum use of glass with minimum interruption make ita perfect choice for new build and refurbishment projects. Our balustrades and Juliette balconies have no ugly clamps or corner posts and fewer uprights than comparable products to give unobstructed views. The handrail stops the glass from flexing, making installations safe, and because its made from anodised aluminium the risk of rust in marine environments is avoided.
Recently we added self-cleaning glass coating across our complete range, which uniquely is applied to both sides of the glass. The coating reduces maintenance of the glass, so it looks new for longer, and doesnt require any special cleaning substances which makes it environmentally friendly. It can also be applied to tinted glass.
Adding to the great looks and stylish design of our products is the ease of installation. Most window and doors installers already have the necessary skills so why settle for ordinary when the customer is looking for outstanding? Many homeowners now look to the internet to see whats available  if they have seen innovative designs on television they will try to find similar ideas for their own property. Widening your range to include glass balconies for example, allows suppliers and installers to tap into this interest.
Recent projects clearly illustrate the appeal of our products. Homeowner Dave Cant recently extended his detached four bedroom property in Aberdeen to create a large open plan living area. A flat, decked roof leads off from the bedrooms and Balconys elegant balustrade was installed around it. With views over a nearby river and countryside, installing the balustrade meant Mr Cant could step out in complete safety and enjoy his surroundings. I was looking for strength in the product as well as good looks, explains Mr Cant. I found out that the strength of Balconys balustrade comes from the handrail so it has maximum glass with fewer metal uprights.
Another customer to appreciate this is Mike Murray, whose project was front cover plus six pages in the September issue of Self Build & Design magazine. When it came to choosing the balustrade for his house in South Wales he knew exactly what he wanted  a balustrade which didnt interrupt the spectacular view of the coast from the glass-walled sitting room. The uncluttered finish of Balconys balustrade matched the modern exterior of his home and the twenty eight metre balcony complements the look of the house and adds value.
For stunning use of glass it is hard to beat our curved patio doors, which require the use of precision bent curved glass. This is an art in itself. All curved doors are supplied with 28mm double curved glazing using Low E glass as standard  and of course the self-cleaning coating is available too. The perfect illustration of what our curved patio doors achieve for buildings is shown in a recent project near the historic town of Lacock. A new build on the site of an old cottage, the house is in a National Trust conservation area so the design had to be exceptional to gain planning permission. Permission was granted to build a traditional stone front and to the rear an ultra-modern expanse of Balconys curved glass doors with two Juliette balconies for the bedrooms. The doors form a key feature of the build and the project recently won an award for Best Individual Dwelling in the West of England Local Authority Building Control (LABC) Excellence Awards for the high standard of design, construction and workmanship.
Projects like this prove that your potential customers are looking for more than run-of-the mill products. They want the wow factor. Balcony Systems makes it easy to provide it.
If youre considering fitting a Juliet balcony to your property, then why not consider one of our stunning frameless balconies? Conventional railing or balustrade Juliet balconies might seem like the simple choice, but we think a frameless Juliet balcony is a beautiful alternative. Here are seven great reasons why you might want to consider treating your building to a frameless Juliet balcony.
With a frameless Juliet balcony nothing obstructs your view. So if your window looks out over stunning countryside, a buzzing urban scene or a garden youve spent hours on, dont obstruct your view with posts and railings; make the most of it with a clear glass frameless Juliet Balcony.
Maximise natural light and dont obstruct a single ray of sunshine. Our frameless Juliet balconies are the ideal solution for offices or studios where natural light is a precious commodity. Theyre also perfect for homes where natural light is at a premium  shaded by trees perhaps, or in situations where you want to make the most of every glorious sunset. Fit a frameless Juliet balcony and let your home bask in natural light.
Prized by architects, a frameless Juliet balcony allows the beauty of your building to shine, without being obscured by metalwork. Theyre ideal for sympathetic conversions of older buildings, or a streamlined addition to modern creations.
Simply slide the glass into the attractive and unobtrusive supports on either side of your window. No need to worry about miniscule tolerances when measuring up for drilling, youll find fitting your frameless Juliet balcony to be simplicity in itself.
With only a five day turnaround, you can order any of our seven standard frameless Juliet balconies and know well deliver to fit your schedule. Thats no waiting around for them to turn up, and no worry about where youll store them if they arrive too early.
Are your build requirements more discerning than the average? Not a problem for us. If we dont have your requirements in our catalogue then let us know what you need and well make to order. And while were at it, why not ask to have your frameless Juliet balcony coated with the BalcoNano water repellent coating? This self-cleaning glass treatment will save you time and protect your precious view and sunlight.
Quality glass, anodised aluminium supports that will never rust and a 10 year guarantee on all finishes mean you can rest easy in the knowledge youve used the best quality for your frameless Juliet Balcony. Sit back and enjoy the good looks, wonderful scenery and extra light for years to come.
So what are you waiting for? Give us a call or complete our enquiry form today; were looking forward to helping you with the right balcony for your building project.
Stepping through gauzy curtains (Credit: Clara Fung, Institute for Art and Architecture, University of Fine Arts, Vienna)
Spatial memory is a term often used to describe the neurological process of recalling where something happened or where an object was placed. This type of memory is also used to project into the future, to plan a route to a desired location.
It is hard to consider spatial memory without invoking a poetic light. What is this intangible part of us that is tied to places and our memories of them? How is it that we can still recall the layout of a childhood home despite not having stepped foot in it in years?
The themes of the Tread Softly exhibit included the city, migration, and memory. The title is an allusion to the W.B. Yeats poem, The Cloths of Heaven, where he writes, Tread softly because you tread on my dreams. [*1] It considered how the cities we live in become the space in which we operate, tenderly attending to ideas of spatial memories, among others.
The opening of the exhibit at the BOX Freiraum in October was the second time the BCB student works featured there were on display. The first was at the end of the previous academic year, in May, in the context of The Impossible Order conference (click here for an overview of the conference and a review of Panel VII).
The installation in which the BCB student exhibits were embedded was designed and built by students of Art and Architecture from the Academy of Fine Arts in Vienna. The walkway was shrouded in gauzy white fabric. Our first impression stepping into it was that the exhibit looked like a ransacked home: haphazard curtains, scrambled furniture, matryoshkas, a TV in front of a wooden couch, a makeshift living room, a potted fern. The gallery itself invoked a memory of migration. It seemed as if someone rushed through a house, took what they could, and left the rest as bare bones. Only objects remained, like tangible pieces of home reaching out to us from the past.
The pieces spoke to both private, personal issues and political issues at large. As the curators describe on the website, Responding to the challenge of finding transitory, adaptable, disappearing and reappearing architectures, [the exhibit] seeks neither to master nor to serve the individual embedded pieces, but to enter into dialogue with them. [*2] Within these pointed and individual experiences, a wider dialogue arose, connecting themes of migration and relationships to urban spaces.
Indeed, a continual dialogue is what led to the creation of the exhibit in the first place. What began as a class in German migration history in the Fall semester of 2016 bled into a workshop class in Creation Research in the Spring semester of 2016, where the projects conceived of in the fall were made manifest through a collaborative effort. There was no end goal in mind; process was premium, and the course an experiment conducted in good faith.
In a particularly striking video by BCB student Wafa Mustafa, the narrator wanders through the Berlin Holocaust Memorial, entranced by the story of Malka, a Polish-Jewish girl killed in the Holocaust. The memorial here is the material embodiment of spatial memory  a space that evokes memory. Tragedy and memory unfold simultaneously in and through space, through spatiality. Here, two stories of refuge, of forced migration, emerge as the viewer is walked through the haunting blocks of the Holocaust Memorial. This is a simulacrum, the evocation of memory by moving through a space.
The video and the gallery thus operate through space production, through spaces that emerged from pre-existing ones. The space that is explored in Wafas video becomes the vessel through which the artists memories of refuge are confronted. Similarly, the gallery space becomes the combination, the unity, of the memorializing of each piece. These are the strengths of a collaboration gleaned from so many sources.
We approached the nesting doll in the corner. This matryoshka was a collaborative piece that invited visitors to insert their questions on small slips of paper:
What kind of memories/identity have I lost access to from the branches of my family who are lost in time?
Though there is no right answer to these questions, the strength of the exhibit lay in its ability to pose them from differing vantage points and using diverse artistic media. And it was with these questions in mind that we left the BOX freiraum  more aware of the space around us, the spatial memories were tacitly building, and the objects that make a place feel like home.
Posted in Blog, Student Academic Life, Student Activities, Student art and tagged Academy of Fine Arts, and Memory, Art, BOX Freiraum, Exhibit, Memory, migration, student art, The City, Tread Softly, Tritt Leise, Vienna
By submitting your details, you agree to receiving email notifications about new posts on Die Brliner. We will treat your information with respect. For more information about our privacy practices please see the footer links. By clicking Submit, you agree that we may process your information in accordance with these terms.
in common nations around the world. If a rustic isn't stated, it is mainly because Alexa doesn't have enough knowledge for this site to rank/evaluate
We recognize these designs by taking a look at the action of a lot of Website users through the entire entire world,
The chief curiosity of Niall Ferguson's "I won" tweet, claiming that most Brits think the British empire was something to be proud of, is why he recirculated the results of a three year-old YouGov poll. It's like Aaron Ramsey bragging that he'd scored the winning goal in the 2014 FA Cup Final while we're still enjoying the one he scored in this year's. To judge from the rest of the contrarian historian's timeline, this might simply have been a provocation to advertise Ferguson's Brexit-inflected hot-take on Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk, though it's also possible he is feeling increasingly isolated in the US and just wanted to remind us that he is still alive. Ferguson advocated a vote to stay in the EU last year, presumably because David Cameron asked him to, but his heart was never in it. He has always believed that the UK has a fundamentally non-european destiny. His misjudgement then has left him in a strange limbo now, ideologically on the same wavelength as leavers such as Daniel Hannan, Andrew Roberts and Andrew Lillico but lacking the credibility of a Brexit true-believer (I wonder if he has worked through a counterfactual in which he was the hero of the leave campaign?).
What I'm interested in here is not so much Ferguson's assessment of the empire's value, which is the usual stuff about its WASP civilisational mission, but the way that this long-cherished idealisation of Britain has been affected by Brexit. However, to explore that we need to first put the YouGov numbers into context and then establish a few truths about the nature of empire and trade. The 2014 poll found that 59% thought the British empire was more something to be proud of than ashamed of. Only 19% plumped for the latter with 23% don't know. Given the emotional baggage of the word "ashamed", this looks biased, and sure enough a subsequent YouGov poll in 2016 that contrasted "should be proud of" with the milder "should regret" produced a 44% to 21% split (23% opted for neither). Leaving aside the possibility that the empire was rapidly going out of fashion in recent years, what I think this shows is that opinion on the subject is shallow and can easily be led by the question. This should hardly come as a surprise, not least because very few of us have any lived experience of the empire. For many, it is little more than a synecdoche of a vague British history.
It is also worth emphasising that few British adults who were alive during the era of formal imperialism (i.e. before 1949) had any direct experience of it either. A feature of empire is that those who experienced it in their daily lives were mostly colonial subjects rather than residents of the metropole (i.e. the UK), and there is little evidence to suggest that most were proud of the empire let alone supporters of the colonial system. Even among the self-governing dominions, dominated by white settlers having a cultural affinity with the UK, the preference for national self-determination over the maintenance of empire had been evident since WW1 (the emblematic moment for many being the Gallipoli campaign). You could dismiss the thought experiment of an opinion poll in the 1930s by saying that a poor farmer in Bihar couldn't see the big picture, but not only is that patronising, it is an argument that would apply equally (if not more so) to a shop assistant in Milton Keynes today. The bottom line is that an opinion poll of contemporary Britons is not a reflection of the value of empire in any meaningful sense, so it is pretty flimsy evidence on which to base a claim of having "won" anything.
What it does reflect is the suspended nature of our popular judgement, which can be seen in the ability to recognise the individual crimes of empire while enjoying the picturesque infrastructure: consider almost any TV treatment of the Indian Raj. This is echoed in the polemical realm where specific evils that can be attributed to individual failings (e.g. the Amritsar massacre) are contrasted via a spurious "balance sheet" with structural and institutional benefits (e.g. railways and cricket). Because the UK did not have a political revolution coincident with the end of empire, its polity cannot generally define itself in opposition to imperialism or "draw a line" under its history (compare and contrast with the Carnation Revolution in Portugal). Indeed, one of the attractions of EU membership for the British state was the way that it allowed the squalid history of empire to be gently pushed into the wings without too much soul-searching. The terminal myth of the British Empire is that it was dismantled willingly, rather than under duress from a combination of independence movements, bankruptcy and the US, which supposedly sets us apart from other former imperial powers and excuses the need for all but the most anodyne half-apologies.
Empires are founded on domination and exploitation but they rarely make the imperial power significantly richer on a lasting basis. The wealth coincident with empire is more likely to be the consequence of geographic or technological factors that in turn facilitated imperial growth. It's synergistic. For example, naval power and control of the Atlantic created the British empire, but it also created the informal trading empire that actually delivered wealth and there is ample evidence that it spurred the advances of the agricultural and industrial revolutions that further amplified imperial power. Empire and commerce were therefore complementary but not coterminus. A well-known proof of this is that Latin America, where Britain had little colonial presence, was more valuable to the UK economy than Australasia. Another way of looking at this is to note that the high period of British colonialism commences in the 1870s and runs to 1914, but far from being the apogee of British power (even if it was considered as such by many at the time), this was precisely the period during which the USA and Germany overtook the UK as economic powers despite their more modest colonial holdings.
Though empire can start out as private enterprise, for example the East India Company, the scale of its operation means that it usually becomes a matter of state. This represents a very large opportunity cost because it means denying resources to other endeavours that depend on state support. An example of this would be the influx of South American gold and silver to 16th century Spain, which undermined the development of its domestic manufacture, essentially because the wealth both funded increased imports from the rest of Europe and restrained exports through currency appreciation. What empire does is bias the economy in the interests of particular industrial sectors and administrative elites. For example, control of India benefited Lancashire cotton. Without that captive market, the British textile industry would probably have been smaller and may not have been as technologically innovative. The City of London would still have been a great financial centre because of its geographical position relative to Europe and the Americas, but empire undoubtedly boosted its reach across the globe (most notably in the Far East) and the congruence of interests between the two significantly influenced policy in the later Victorian period, specifically the commitment to further expansion and the diversion of investment away from domestic industry to foreign speculation.
The British had to be made into imperialists long after the creation of empire, notably during the period of "New Imperialism" that started under Disraeli in the late-1870s, which in turn reinvigorated an anti-imperial movement that dated back to Adam Smith's attack on mercantilism. As that tradition indicates, free trade was long considered inimical to the cause of empire, which makes the Brexiteers' attempt to urge both free trade deals and a preferential union based on the geographically distant fragments of the old commonwealth (Canada, Australia etc) all the more bizarre. While Britain had been an assertively chauvinist nation since the 1707 Act of Union, the idea of pride in the empire was a late-Victorian invention that sought to define the "role" of the imperial system (aka the "white man's burden") both in the context of "race science" (some people were naturally inferior) and the "social question" (some people were naturally inferior). The two combined in the idea that the empire was a matter of superior loyalty at odds with the advance of democracy and socialism, which led to many on the political right advocating imperial federalism among the white-dominated dominions, the belief being that colonial smallholders and Jingoism could together counter the urban proletariat.
Much of the retrospective justification for empire by partisans like Ferguson focuses on developments that would have occurred anyway, such as the adoption of railways or the development of ports. To claim credit for this is to imply that in a counterfactual, where no European states created empires, the non-European natives would have passed up the opportunity or rejected it out of backwardness. Japan and Turkey offer factual arguments against this. Similarly, the claim (echoing late-Victorian thinking) that the colonies were going to be seized by some power or other, and that it was therefore better to be seized by the "liberal" British, manages the trick of patronising every foreigner. The infrastructural legacy of empire argument also occludes the institutional legacy, which is actually more peculiar to empire. A colony designed for exploitation will inherit the institutional framework of that exploitation at independence. Inertia as much as opportunism means that this will favour those social forces attuned to exploitation. The charge of endemic corruption levelled at former colonies, and in particular the crypto-racist claim that corruption arises from "native culture", are an attempt to disown this institutional responsibility. Idi Amin, in his comic absurdity as much as his viciousness and cupidity, was an accurate reflection of the British Empire (an institution he himself was inordinately proud off).
The post-70s vogue for the rehabilitation of empire, and in particular the emphasis on its supposed virtues in the area of the protection of private property and the enforcement of contract law, are obviously bound up with the advance of globalisation and neoliberalism. Some advocates, such as Ferguson, make the link explicit: "A striking number of the things currently recommended by economists to developing countries were in fact imposed by British rule". Those words were written in 2003, five years before the flaws of the "Washington consensus" - the successor to that London consensus - became apparent to all. While Ferguson believes that empire benefited both Britain and the colonies, he does at least accept that opinion on the subject is divided and that there are many historians who consider empire to have been of marginal benefit to the UK, or even deleterious. The point to take away from this is that Ferguson's case is clearly not irrefutable, and indeed it is worth stressing that he is essentially arguing for the aytpicality of the British empire, not for empire in general, hence the importance of his anglocentric "civilizational apps".
Reduced to its essentials, empire is a project of state. It is hardly a surprise then that it rarely survives the arrival of democracy in the metropole for long. This is not because public opinion turns against the evils of empire, which are often barely discernible from afar (see the complacency of much British and French public opinion as late as the 1950s), but because it sees little popular benefit and wishes to direct state resources to other priorities, such as the welfare state or domestic investment. Few Britons pine over the loss of Ireland, and there are few who would oppose unification if that were the will of a majority in the north. Despite the imperial nostalgia of some leavers, much of the rhetoric of Brexit (e.g. "looking after our own") was solidly in this anti-imperial tradition, as was the upsurge of English nationalism and scotophobia after 2014. The hypocrisy of the NHS 350 million bus was clear from the off because it was being advocated by politicians in the tradition of imperial nostalgia, such as Gove and Johnson, for whom the welfare state was harmful precisely because it sapped the moral fibre necessary to maintain the empire.
The valorisation of the British Empire is a supporting act to the current talk of a revived "union" with Canada, Australia and New Zealand, which is an attempt both to big-up what would actually be a series of modest trade deals that would come nowhere near to substituting for the benefits of the EU and to reconstruct a superior loyalty that is essentially racial (CANZUK is the old commonwealth - i.e. dominions - less the black-majority South Africa). The absurdity of soi-disant sovereigntists decrying the federal ambitions of the EU while advocating a more impractical federation echoes the incoherence of the "imperial federalism" of a century ago, which fell apart due to the irreconcilable demands of free trade and imperial preference (mirrored today in the issue of the free movement of labour). A dilute version of this fantasy, shorn of most of the racism and the aversion to national states, would eventually reappear as the Commonwealth in 1949. The current attempt will fail for much the same reasons: the former dominions consider the initiative patronising, have greater priorities elsewhere (e.g. in regional trade deals) and find the culture of sentimental loyalism that underpins the proposal increasingly alien (the mawkish monarchism of the UK doesn't travel as well as the British media like to suggest).
The Tory obsession with a superior loyalty is clearly motivated by the dawning realisation that the inheritor of Brexit may be an emboldened Labour Party. Brussels might have been a tyrannical overlord in the eurosceptics' fevered imaginings, but at least it was a bourgeois tyranny. In his Dunkirk review, Ferguson was barely able to contain his anxiety. This is the opening paragraph: "Traditionally, the British have two ways of responding to disaster. The elites are prone to panic. They wave their arms, indulge in lamentations, wish they could turn the clock back, then recommend orderly surrender. Ordinary people, by contrast, tend to make the best of a bad job. This state of mind is often summed up in the Second World War slogan 'Keep Calm and Carry On'." The focus is on elite betrayal and the supposed common sense of the loyal people. What Ferguson doesn't note is that after Dunkirk and eventually VE Day, the British people were more interested in the establishment of a welfare state than the continuation of empire, hence the victory of Labour in 1945 on a manifesto that committed the country both to the foundation of the NHS and the self-government of India.
That Labour hedged its bets in 1945 over India - being committed to self-government but unclear as to how that would be achieved - was typical of its attitude towards empire in the immediate postwar years. Though it had long and sincerely supported the principle of decolonisation, there was also a desire to defer it (justified as "preparing" native society for independence) in the hope that a little bit more exploitation (albet with a friendlier face) would offset the food and Dollar export shortages that were then crippling the UK. It's worth noting that this "third way" between empire and immediate decolonisation was one factor in the Attlee government's reluctance to participate in early moves towards closer European economic union. Its policy between 1945 and 1951 wasn't always principled or pretty, as the partition of India showed. A less tragic embarrassment was the Seretse Khama affair, which was recently portrayed in A United Kingdom, a film unusual for giving as much space to the political dynamic as the emotional drama and landscape. Labour's fudging over self-rule in Africa would lead to the creation of the short-lived Central African Federation under the new Conservative government in 1953, which in many ways was the last hurrah of the imperial federalism that was such a feature of the politics of Churchill's youth.
What Labour's policy in 1945 did display was a clear bias towards the domestic, despite its formal adherence to the dominant internationalist agenda of the time (the UN, NATO etc), which persists today in its Brexit positioning and goes some way to explain its relative popularity. The remainers who criticise Labour's current ambiguity fail to appreciate this historical precedent, and more generally the ebb and flow of isolationism versus internationalism. Leavers have also struggled to land a blow, but more because of their own contradictions than Labour's slipperiness. The irony of euroscepticism is that it exploited a long tradition of anti-imperialism in the form of a distrust of both federal superstates and impediments to free trade (those bendy bananas). What its champions have now realised is that the logical corollary of this is a scepticism about the value of anglophone federalism in general (the CANZUK fantasy) and a suspicion of US motives in particular (those chlorinated chickens).
The film Dunkirk, which omits mention of empire and America and emphasises self-preservation, is closer to Labour's tone than that of the Tories, which perhaps explains why both committed leavers and remainers have struggled to use it as a metaphor beyond an appeal to a weary patriotism or the promise of an eventual return to Europe. Whatever the outcome of the current Brexit negotiations, from a reversal of the referendum decision to a messy walkout that leaves British industry as crippled as it was 70 years ago, the idea that the UK can establish an independent global presence is surely now too ridiculous to entertain, which might allow us to finally consign the myth of the benevolent empire to the darkened corner of the dressing up box of national identity. The final irony is that Brexit represents a greater discontinuity in the consoling tale that Britain tells itself than joining the Common Market ever did, despite Hugh Gaitskell's hyperbole about "a thousand years of history".
In a recent New York Times article, Keenan Malik made the claim that "The accusation of cultural appropriation is a secular version of the charge of blasphemy." This might appear a little over the top, but it is a common view among the ex-left-now-militant-liberal commentariat that the concern over cultural appropriation is "a new, weird, destructive form of political correctness" and that its critics are essentially regressive mystagogues betraying the Enlightenment values we hold dear. More revealingly, Malik also frames the issue in terms of property rights and licensing: "In minority communities, the gatekeepers are usually self-appointed guardians whose power rests on their ability to define what is acceptable and what is beyond the bounds. They appropriate for themselves the authority to license certain forms of cultural engagement, and in doing so, entrench their power". His decisive argument against cultural appropriation gone mad is a counterfactual in which Elvis Presley was "prevented from appropriating so-called [sic] black music", presumably by the self-appointed dullards of the Delta Blues appellation d'origine contrl association.
Among the "gatekeepers" there is also a tendency to address the subject in terms of cultural production, even if the focus is on exploitation and expropriation. Maisha Z Johnson describes it as "a particular power dynamic in which members of a dominant culture take elements from a culture of people who have been systematically oppressed by that dominant group." This doesn't just reflect contemporary inequities but reaches back into the past and revives old iniquities in a mocking way (think of Queen Victoria and family wearing Highland dress that had been outlawed a hundred years earlier). Though Johnson gets to the heart of the matter - it's a power dynamic, which is why high-profile cases involving thoughtless celebrities are significant - she still frames culture in terms of rights, which raises the question of who the rights-bearers are. For example, she correctly notes that appropriation "lets some people get rewarded for things the creators never got credit for", but are the creators specific individuals, a particular socio-economic group or an entire people going back generations? Once you introduce rights that are anything less than universal, you introduce qualifications.
That can be counterproductive. For example, when you criticise a white woman for wearing a Native American headdress you are recreating the reservation system within the field of culture. You also have the problem of distinguishing between appropriation and export. Few would harangue Bolivian women for wearing bowler hats, presumably because the hats were designed as commodities open to universal purchase rather than as expressions of distinct identity, even though the latter is what they have become in Bolivia. What matters, as Johnson made clear, is the relative power, hence a rich white woman adopting the full ensemble of a cholita would be considered exploitative. Cultural appropriation is therefore less about the indigenous nature of a cultural product and more about its context as a commodity. Societies that appropriate are also societies that have commoditised their own cultural capital to the point of pastiche (i.e. postmodernism). An example of a culture that celebrates its own superficiality, appropriates the cultures of others without the slightest guilt, and has commoditised itself on an industrial scale for consumption by others is Japan. But this, like its polite xenophobia and self-absorption, is a sign of Japan's cultural strength, not weakness.
One country that can consider itself to be an expert in cultural appropriation is Ireland, not least because it built a modern culture on the appropriation of its own, mythical past and did so in the adopted language of its conquerors, producing a rich cultural inventory that has since been commoditised for international export. In this context, artists of Irish heritage born or raised in Britain occupy an interesting position, being the most hybrid versions of what is ultimately a self-consciously hybrid culture in which the echoes of the classical world and the affinity with Europe (notably France) are always partly attempts to avoid the crushing weight of Shakespeare and John Bull's island. If the play-writing and film-making Martin and John Michael McDonagh (In Bruges, The Guard, Calvary) are the leading contemporary lights of this Hiberno-British tradition, Jez Butterworth (who also has Irish parentage) makes a good case for inclusion in their company with his play, The Ferryman, which is currently on at the Gielgud Theatre in London (plot spoilers to follow). The production, starring Paddy Considine as Quinn and Laura Donnelly as Caitlin, is excellent and deserves the plaudits it has received as a piece of theatre, however it has clearly touched some nerves among Irish critics, essentially over the charge of cultural appropriation: namely, that this is an English playwright using Irish tropes without native understanding and thus legitimacy.
The action, set in a farmhouse kitchen in County Armagh, plays out against the wider drama of the last few weeks of the 1981 hunger strike. This coincides with late summer and the seasonal arrival of the Corcoran boys from Derry to help with the harvest. The play centres on Quinn Carney, a former IRA man and now farmer who lives with an extended family of aunts and uncles (essentially personifications of Irish history and culture) and his wife, Mary, and 7 children (essentially a Greek chorus). The body of his brother Seamus, who was "disappeared" years ago by the IRA for an assumed act of treachery, has been discovered in a peat bog south of the border in Louth (the border is also between the living and the dead, hence the title's reference to Charon, who ferried souls to the underworld in Greek mythology). Seamus's widow Caitlin and son Oisin were taken in by Quinn and Mary and now form part of the family, to the point that Quinn and Caitlin's relationship is ambiguous. The IRA commander Muldoon wants Quinn to exonerate the organisation "at this politically-sensitive time" and first sends the local priest, Father Horrigan, to intercede, before arriving himself. Under pressure from Caitlin, who has known of the IRA's culpability all along, Quinn agrees, though in the expectation that they will be left alone. In fact, Muldoon wants Caitlin to move to Derry, essentially as a hostage against Quinn's compliance. So far, so canonical.
Sean O'Hagan was disturbed by the "paddywhackery" of the play's many clichs - the ready recourse to drink, the mad dancing, the prolific swearing - seeing this as representative of a patronising English sensibility. There's certainly "stage Irish" aplenty: the embittered spinster, the weak priest, the hard men. Patrick Lonergan was more generous, seeing "an English dramatist in very careful dialogue with Irish theatre, and our culture more broadly", though he was dismayed by the predictability of some of the tropes. In part this reflects different backgrounds: O'Hagan is a Northerner with a pedantic concern for accuracy while Lonergan is a Southerner with a professional interest in cultural cross-fertilisation. O'Hagan was sniffy about what he saw as touches of Tarantino and the cinematic McDonaghs in the denouement. Personally, I thought the inspiration for the third act was Sergio Leone, an influence Butterworth appears to share with that other leading English dramatist of his generation, Shane Meadows (who has also done fine work with Paddy Considine). Lonergan, an academic expert on Irish drama, was more impressed with the playwright's skill in constructing a compelling story out of building blocks that could easily have collapsed into parody.
Butterworth has built the play on traditional Irish lines, but that means evoking Greek tragedy in its narrative arc as much as Shaw's witty repartee and O'Casey's demotic raillery. This is audacious in its lack of subtlety but its absolute seriousness, like Butterworth's evocation of Shakespeare in his earlier Jerusalem, makes it work. The sheer profusion of Irish references is exhausting. There are nods to W B Yeats, Brian Friel (notably Dancing at Lughnasa) and Seamus Heaney, among others, though the overriding influence may well be James Joyce (who speaks most clearly through the Virgil-quoting Uncle Pat) and the question of how you can both honour and escape the past. One of the structural threads of the play is music, which is both an Irish clich in itself (fortunately, no fiddle appears) and yet an example of Butterworth's wit, showing how each generation is trapped in its own era: Maggie Far-Away's ballads; Quinn's sterile Beatles vs Stones vs Led Zeppellin debate with Caitlin; the youngster's Teenage Kicks (O'Hagan, a former NME writer, worries that The Undertones's great 1978 hit was already history in 1981 and even manages an otiose reference to Siouxsie and the Banshees).
The emotional heart of the play is hunger and the fear of sating it, specifically Caitlin and Quinn's suppressed love. This is seen as destructive: Quinn's wife Mary is semi-bed-ridden by a mysterious virus that will only clear when Caitlin moves out. There is a clear parallel in the hunger of republicanism, represented not only by Aunt Pat (the hunger of 1916) and Muldoon (the hunger of 1981) but by the recalled memory of Quinn's own political hunger in the 70s. We also hear of raw sexual hunger - Maggie's reverie about her youthful lust - and see the hunger of the younger children for stories and of the adolescents for recognition and status. Had Butterworth called the play The Great Hunger it might have been seen as too literal by English critics less familiar with Patrick Kavanagh's famous poem about rural "continence and caution". Irish critics might also have bridled at the ironic tone of the adjective if seen as a commentary on the death of Bobby Sands and the other nine (to be fair, Butterworth might also have considered it too close to Hunger, Steve McQueen's film about the 1981 protest).
Though only a supporting character, Tom Kettle (whose name is another reference to Joyce), is the symbolic pivot of the play (he is, arguably, the ferryman), though he also provides a comic analogue to Quinn in his unrequited love for Caitlin. He is an Englishman of obscure origins, supposedly a teenage foundling discovered by Quinn's father down by the river thirty years ago and taken in as a farm labourer. Soft in the head and preserving a perfect London accent despite not having left the area in all that time, Poor Tom is clearly a figure of the faerie world, but one that combines the tropes of Irish and English drama. He has an ability to tame animals (he captures an errant goose, intended for the harvest meal), his pockets are full of windfalls and rabbits, and he wears both the beard of a vegetation deity and a coat trailing the earth's dirt. Apart from Margaret Thatcher's disembodied voice on the radio, denying political status to the hunger strikers, Kettle is the sole representative of England. At the harvest meal, he recites Walter Raleigh's poem The Silent Lover. This is a hint at his love for Caitlin, but it also connects us to Ireland's role as the foundation of the British Empire in Tudor times, and thus links the play to both Spenser's Faerie Queen and Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream (a key reference in Jerusalem).
It is ironic that an Englishman in a work set in Ireland should represent nature and continuity rather than an invading and disruptive modernity. It's as if the Englishman Haines in Joyce's Ulysses, a condescending prig come to study the native culture, had lost his marbles and turned feral. Kettle is also the deus ex machina who triggers the climax, like a less reclusive Boo Radley. Oisin, mad with rage at his father's death and what he suspects is his mother's betrayal, is misdirected towards the "greater enemy" by the boastful Shane Corcoran, who seeks Muldoon's favour and has already been compromised by providing low-level assistance to the Provos in Derry that earned him the big man's digital watch and a punishment victim's silver crucifix. Oisin threatens Tom Kettle loudly, though perhaps with no real intention of doing him harm. Kettle, who cannot abide noise, seeks to quieten him and in so doing wrings his neck like a goose. Though this is barely credible as an of act self-defence, the family do not recoil from him. Instead he steps back from the action, his semi-divine job done. Quinn, realising that Caitlin's grief will now drive her away, fatally slashes Muldoon's throat, shoots one of the henchmen - using the pistol that has been kept by Aunt Pat in memory of her brother who died at the GPO in 1916 - and tells the remaining goon to return to Derry and warn off the rest of the IRA.
Tom Kettle points to what I think is the real subject of the play - cultural appropriation - and his anomaly feeds the uncertain Irish critical response to it. One way of reading the clichs is that they are an ironic comment by a British playwright who sees their absurdity yet also appreciates their power as part of a dramatic canon that stretches back through Synge via Shakespeare to Aeschylus. Just as Butterworth's Jerusalem was part of the tradition of city-reared writers trying to connect with a more "truthful" but estranged rural heritage (ironically through a boastful liar), so The Ferryman can be read as part of the tradition of the Irish diaspora and its ambivalence towards "oirishry" and the charge of being "plastic paddies". The wider point is that no culture is wholly closed to the world so no cultural product is exclusively native. Likewise, no culture can be precisely defined, despite the attempts of institutional arbiters and curators, so there are no fixed boundaries or property rights. This might seem like grounds to dismiss the concerns of cultural appropriation and back the market free-for-all of militant liberals like Malik, but it's actually a plea for the value of true cultural intercourse over mere exchange. In The Ferryman, the characters are motivated by their relations with each other, not by their relations with things. Ultimately, the Bushmills whiskey, the Colt pistol and the Timex watch are just props.
The resignation of the head of the French military over some relatively modest budget cuts has been greeted by Emmanuel Macron's global fan club as evidence of a firm hand: "I'm the boss". This display of imperium sits alongside the "elegance and discretion" that the French President apparently showed in his recent hosting of Donald Trump on Bastille Day, an event long on symbolism and handshakes but short on policy substance. Both of these pieces of theatre display the "Jupiterian" style that Macron had previously demanded of the presidency, a term that has been widely interpreted to mean a renewed moral seriousness as much as grandeur (le prsident profond). But it's a word that should also raise an eyebrow, not just for its hint of megalomania but because Jupiter is actually the codename of the bunker at the lyse Palace from which the President would launch France's nuclear weapons (or "thunderbolts", as we should presumably now call them). In fact, this isn't a novel coinage in French political discourse but a term that was applied to previous presidents, notably Charles De Gaulle and Francois Mitterrand, both of whom are seen as epitomes by Macron, though it's worth emphasising that this earlier usage was both admiring and facetious.
The term "Jupiterian" is ambiguous because it can refer either to a president who enjoys a supportive Legislative Assembly, as Macron does, or one who is obliged to cohabit with a Prime Minister representing a different party, as Mitterrand did on two separate occasions. Jupiter may be aloof because he commands all he surveys and can let the lesser gods execute his will, or he may be aloof because he has been excluded from domestic policy (the French President retains control of foreign and military affairs in a cohabitation). One reason for the apparently friendly relations of Macron and Trump may be the shared interest in how to get your way with a notionally supportive legislature. Just as Trump has discovered that he knows no more about the Republican Party's internal dynamics than he does about the intricacies of healthcare, so Macron may well be wondering how reliable his neophyte La Rpublique En Marche deputies will be once his reform programme faces concerted opposition. Given that REM remains as much a bourgeois social movement as a disciplined party machine, and thus prey to special interests and eccentricity as much as factionalism, he has reason to be cautious.
It is easy to laugh at Macron's monarchical pretensions, but this is clearly a considered strategy rather than a personal foible. The aim is presumably to elevate neoliberal reform ("Le Projet") above the political and ideological fray and associate it with French identity ("Nos anctres les gaulois taient des entrepreneurs de le soi"). He must make the project hegemonic to achieve legislative results. Though the "liberal international" are more likely to compare Macron to Barack Obama or Justin Trudeau, the more relevant comparison is with the now somewhat unfashionable Tony Blair in terms of totalising ambition and vulnerability to misplaced certainty. Where they differ is in momentum. Blair not only had 3 years to make the project normative but was building on foundations laid over the preceding decade by Neil Kinnock and John Smith as much as Margaret Thatcher. Macron achieved much the same result in under 2 years having first written off the utility of the Parti Socialiste and against the background of numerous false starts under Chirac, Sarkozy and Hollande. What this suggests is that he considers a performative urgency as fundamental to the success of his presidency. In Napoleonic terms (and he clearly does think this way), he is hoping for a rapid Italian campaign.
While some French presidents have seen international relations as a compensation for domestic weakness, Macron appears to see it as a field of exemplary action (just as Blair enthusiastically did and Obama pointedly didn't). In this context the blunt appraisals of France's role in Algeria (a "crime against humanity") and the Holocaust (specifically the state's part in the Velodrome d'Hiver roundup) are intended to echo the Gaullist ideal of the President as the teller of home truths rather than a distant monarch, even though this means challenging Gaullist orthodoxy (Algeria was a tragedy, Vichy was not France). In this he is aided by the international media's tendency to treat him as the inheritor of the Enlightenment. This is ironic not only because France put "bad faith" at the centre of twentieth century philosophy (and continues to exhibit it in politics, to judge by Mlenchon's comments on Vel d'Hiv), but because the country was central to the creation of liberal interventionism, which has been anything but enlightened in practice. Interfering in the affairs of others is assumed to have emerged during the 19th century as a characteristic of British foreign policy, with its roots in the campaign to end the slave trade, but the French Revolutionary Wars saw the beginning of both internationalism (the attempt to spread specific political practices) and intervention (the attempt to reverse specific political developments), with the First Coalition against France being the original coalition of the willing.
This might appear an odd claim given that it sought to restore Louis XVI and was mostly made up of monarchies considered even more backward than the ancien regime, but it is important to remember that liberal intervention has usually sought the restoration of a status quo ante. In other words, it is generally conservative in practice even when it adopts the rhetoric of progress. Given the dissonance this gives rise to, there is a tendency to focus the justification for intervention on the opponent's bad behaviour. This also applies in the domestic sphere. Neoliberal labour and welfare reforms are always predicated in part on the assumed failings of workers and benefit recipients, even when these are rationalised as the byproduct of a system of perverse incentives rather than moral delinquency. Macron gave an example of how these tropes can overlap in his thoughtless comments on developing nations in Africa when he talked of the need for "a fight against corruption, a fight for good governance, a successful demographic transition when countries today have seven or eight children per woman". The role of France in facilitating corruption and undermining governance in Africa was lost in the ensuing fuss over the "careless breeders" slur.
Writing a few months before the fall of the Berlin Wall, Linda Colley noted (in a June 1989 review of Simon Schama's Citizens and William Doyle's The Oxford History of the French Revolution) that "Before 1789, most Britons had regarded most Frenchmen as sad and suffering creatures oppressed by Catholic priests, exorbitant tax-collectors, and absolute and irresponsible monarchs. So initially many Britons felt only condescending sympathy when the Bastille was stormed. ... But as the Revolution grew in scale and subversion, it became more important for conservatives to undermine this easy sympathy. They did so with stunning success by shifting the publics attention from the causes of the Revolution to its more unpleasant and violent manifestations. In particular, from Edmund Burkes Reflections on the Revolution in France onwards, conservatives employed stories of actual or invented human suffering (Marie Antoinettes plight, for instance) to undermine enthusiasm for any political or social virtues the Revolution might possess". Colley's point was that this approach was still common, though more as a result of the 1970s French revisionist school of history that sought to establish a genealogy between the Terror and Stalin (and even the Holocaust, which echoes in Macron's "daring" on the subject), rather than any particular British perspective.
Within France, this ideological purpose was combined with a desire to reassert the global significance of the country after the Gaullist revival ran out of steam under the twin pressures of post-1973 economic angst and post-soixante-huitard cultural scepticism. A key part of the revisionist case was the claim that ancien regime France, far from being corrupt and inefficient, was actually highly developed and a leader in state-sponsored industrialisation. There is some truth in this (e.g. textiles and armaments), though it requires ignoring the backwardness of French agriculture (food shortages were an important factor in the years leading to 1789), but it is also clear that the argument was exaggerated to suggest that a liberal state could have been achieved without violence (though it wasn't in Britain) and to undermine the Marxist reading of revolution as a superstructural crisis driven by an emergent bourgeoisie where class violence was unavoidable. One flaw in the revisionist argument is the systemic violence of the ancien regime, not just in its apparatus of social control, memorably detailed by Michel Foucault, but in its belligerence towards other countries (France was Europe's leading "rogue state" in the eighteenth century). The political order was not going to go down without a fight.
Macron's project is neoliberal, but with the strong statist bias that is a characteristic of the French political tradition. Many of his centrist supporters outside the country initially thought that he heralded a new phase of liberalism (a "restoration" after the madness of Brexit and Trump), which is why some are distressed by the early signs of authoritarianism. But this is to ignore the sense within France itself that the country has been treading water since the Mitterrand years, which in turn explains some of the attraction of Macron's sense of urgency: France must be forced rapidly through its neoliberal phase if it is to first revive its sense of national purpose and optimism (the Britpop tribute at the recent France-England friendly was revealing) and then provide the motive force for a rejuvenated European Union (in this view, Germany is insufficiently inspiring ). Though Macron's engagement of Trump and Putin recalls the florid but insubstantial "amity" of an earlier diplomatic age, the audience for these rituals is primarily domestic, not international. The aim is to restore the presidency as the irresistible force of French politics.
What Macron is promising is a state-led revolution whose template is the implied counterfactual of that 70s-era revisionist history: an enlightened technocracy delivers a programme of economic and social liberalism, avoiding violence through high seriousness and civic patriotism, while acting as a moral exemplar for all the nations of the earth. The problem is that economic liberalism promotes violence: the "social murder" that John McDonnell was criticised for explicitly naming recently. Macron may acknowledge the mistakes of the state - which is to say, the errors of less capable men - but he will not accept that the violence of the state arises inescapably from the needs of capitalism. That said, he may prove lucky in his timing. Not only has the eclipse of the UK and the incoherence of the US boosted France's international standing, but the prospect of decent Eurozone growth and the attraction of Paris relative to a post-Brexit London means that "reform" might proceed against a healthier economic backdrop. The danger is that slow progress on the domestic front, particularly if it is associated with street protests and strikes, might encourage Macron to attempt decisive action abroad, if only to deflect the violence of the state. He might be cutting military expenditure today, but that could quickly change.
One thing we're unlikely to ever know is whether Theresa May intended the Taylor Review to provide "cross-party" support for a series of technocratic changes to employment practice or whether it was always going to be merely a propaganda stunt intended to help recast the Conservatives as the "workers' party". The unforeseen general election result has put the kibosh on both possibilities. She won't risk her parliamentary majority over legislation - however modest in its impacts and Blairite in its inspiration - that might prompt a backbench rebellion by the free-market right of her own party, while the claim that the Tories are best placed to advance the interests of the economically insecure looks ridiculous in the face of a resurgent Labour Party committed to abolishing zero-hour contracts. May's vacuous appearance at the launch of the final report, Good Work: The Taylor Review of Modern Working Practices, looked like nothing more than a weary obligation and perhaps compensation for Matthew Taylor having wasted a year of his life (I wonder if the title was a wistful recognition of this).
One of the more bizarre claims in the report, which may well have been inserted specifically to garner a gold star from the Prime Minister, was the existence of a uniquely British way of working: "We advocate change but in doing so we seek to build on the distinctive strengths of our existing labour market and framework of regulation; the British way ... The UK is good at encouraging economic activity and creating jobs. The British way works and we dont need to overhaul the system. But persistent issues with wage growth and productivity provide sufficient rationale for us to look at how the labour market framework could be improved". The implication is that what we might term "a red, white and blue way of working" is a relatively recent development, stemming from the deregulation of the Thatcher years and the "flexibility" celebrated under Blair, but these developments were not confined to the UK: consider the union-busting of Reagan's America and the Hartz programme of Schrder's Germany. If there is anything particularly British it is the increased visibility in recent decades of the grey economy, where people survive on a combination of episodic work and benefits. In the past, that work would have been largely hidden and cash in hand. The aggressive pushing down of unemployment and disability claimant numbers, along with the growth of in-work benefits, has brought it into view.
The report is superficial but can't help hinting at deeper issues. For example, "The same basic principles should apply to all forms of employment in the British economy ... we need to make the taxation of labour more consistent across employment forms while at the same time improving the rights and entitlements of self-employed people". In other words, employment is currently disfigured for many by a de facto class system that leads not only to unequal rights but to inconsistent tax revenues. Though the public focus is on the most vulnerable workers, it is clear that the government is also concerned with well-paid contractors, hence the aborted attempt to increase National Insurance contributions (NICs) for the self-employed earlier this year. Many independent contractors (particularly those operating through personal service companies) have superior benefits to employees in the practical sense that foregone rights, such as employer pension contributions, are more than made up for via higher incomes. Those higher incomes are the result of tax avoidance (that is, avoiding income tax and NICs by paying lower-rate dividend and corporation tax), which means the cash-equivalent of those supposedly foregone rights is indirectly subsidised by employees. It's also worth noting that employers can also avoid tax, over and above employer NICs, through the capitalisation of contractor costs.
Taylor adopts a deterministic (and neoliberal) stance in seeing technology as both the powerful enabler of the gig economy and an area of risk that requires government regulation. This qualifies the claim of companies like Uber that the "platform" is a purely neutral space between employer and contractor, but it does so by implying that government is outside and must intervene for the public good, judiciously balancing the interests of providers and consumers as well as workers. This ignores the extent to which such platforms arise within the spaces created by existing regulation. The result is that Taylor casts government as another potential beneficiary of the technology rather than one of its architects: "technology can also offer new opportunities for smarter regulation, more flexible entitlements and new ways for people to organise". The problems of the gig economy are not the result of technology, any more than the problems of dock workers a hundred year ago were the result of hiring booths. The technology responds to the legal environment. For example, consider this statement: "Platform based working offers welcome opportunities for genuine two way flexibility and can provide opportunities for those who may not be able to work in more conventional ways". Now replace the first three words with "Prostitution".
In essence, the report is a pious call for a better behaved capitalism: "The best way to achieve better work is not national regulation but responsible corporate governance, good management and strong employment relations within the organisation, which is why it is important that companies are seen to take good work seriously and are open about their practices and that all workers are able to be engaged and heard". The all-too-evident failure of this approach since the 90s does not appear to have given Taylor pause for thought. If anything, he remains wedded to the New Labour idea that government's role is to even-handedly support both employers and employees as if the challenge were one of different endowments and needs rather than a power imbalance between the two: "The law and the way it is promulgated and enforced should help firms make the right choices and individuals to know and exercise their rights". Employers have clear choices while employees have theoretical rights. There is little recognition in any of this that employee rights were largely secured through independent labour organisation leading to workplace and parliamentary pressure (i.e. forcing choices on others), not through the "wokeness" of benign employers.
The pro-employer bias of the report is most obvious when it comes to the issue of overhead costs, though Taylor at least shows delicacy in avoiding the traditional term - "employee burden" - in favour of a more neutral alternative: "the employment wedge (the additional, largely nonwage, costs associated with taking someone on as an employee) is already high and we should avoid increasing it further". The report explicitly refers to the current apprenticeship levy as an element of this wedge, and you can infer that it also includes employer NICs, maternity leave and holiday pay. No evidence is provided to show that this is "high", either in absolute or relative terms, or that it is problematic beyond reducing corporate profit. It is simply taken as read that business overheads should be reduced. The Taylor Review might appear to be more employee-friendly than the bonkers Employment Law Review produced by Adrian Beecroft in 2012, which in attempting to make a bonfire of red tape managed to self-immolate, but it springs from a similar worldview: entrepreneurs, not workers, are the true wealth-creators.
Despite his comments about consistency, Taylor mostly proposes little more than cosmetic change: "Worker (or Dependent Contractor as we suggest renaming it) status should be maintained but we should be clearer about how to distinguish workers from those who are legitimately self-employed". What he doesn't do is question the basis for the difference in employment status. The traditional argument is that the self-employed are exceptional, reflecting episodic work demands or variable terms, but it is the corporate employee, with fixed terms and PAYE, that is actually the exception historically. Recognising this, some libertarians call for all workers to be self-employed and for wages and terms to be set individually. The capitalist argument against this is essentially Ronald Coase's The Nature of the Firm, namely that the boundary of employment is determined by transactions costs (i.e. overheads), so it is optimal for some labour to be held permanently inhouse and some to be bought in contingently. In other words, the categorical difference in status is for the convenience of the firm not the employee.
This truth is obscured by a tendency to appropriate incidental aspects of an employee's circumstances as a trade-off for reduced employment benefits, as if the firm were doing the worker a favour. For example, you might put up with a poorly-paid job because it is 10 minutes walk from your home, as you thereby save on time and travel costs, but that convenience is a feature of your circumstances, it isn't intrinsic to the job. Similarly, a zero-hours contract may well suit some workers who have other demands on their time (e.g. care obligations), but that shouldn't be taken as a quid pro quo that justifies lower wages. Such "flexibility" is usually a unilateral imposition by the employer, not a negotiated compromise. This tendency to confuse the interest of employer and employee is evident in the report's approach to piece-rates, where it proposes a margin of error to ensure average hourly rates don't drop below the national minimum wage (NMW). This misses the point that the issue with piece-rates is their inappropriate application to jobs over which the worker has limited control. For example, piece-rates for Uber trips are problematic because they leave drivers vulnerable to external factors such as traffic or time-wasting riders (traditional taxi fares, which combine time and mileage, mitigate this). Where workers have control they are able to calculate and thereby guarantee their hourly rate of pay. If you fall below the NMW, that's evidence the job shouldn't be paid on a piece-rate.
Viewed in Coasian terms, the attractiveness of self-employment to contemporary businesses is due to reduced transaction costs, so we should expect the level of self-employment to grow as those costs are reduced by technology or deregulation (i.e. removing statutory overheads). The popular view is that technology is a major factor in driving this precise change, but this fails to explain why over the last twenty years self-employment as a percentage of the workforce has trended down in the US while trending up in the UK, despite the former being the originator of much of the technology and no more regulated than the latter. One obvious explanation for the difference is healthcare: US workers are incentivised to find permanent jobs with coverage while UK workers aren't. Deregulation also appears to play a smaller role than anti-red-tape champions claim, with variations across European countries clearly owing more to longstanding structural features of the economy (e.g. self-employment has been consistently high in Greece and Italy) or compositional changes over time (e.g. it has trended down in Poland since EU accession, probably because international firms moved in and domestic firms expanded).
The one proposal in the report that has the potential for a significant impact is for non-guaranteed hours to be paid at a higher minimum rate. As Torsten Bell notes, this is better thought of as a minimum overtime multiplier. While most statutory overtime rights internationally (e.g. in the US and France) focus on a minimum multiplier for hours over a standard working week, there is no reason why the higher rate can't be applied to every unguaranteed hour. This would mean that all hours for a zero-hours contract would have to be paid at the higher rate, which would discourage the use of such contracts for low-paid jobs. That this proposal has only a slim chance of being enacted is indicative of the degree to which the UK labour market is already highly deregulated, not to mention vulnerable to employment regulation abuse (for example, the infamous "Swedish derogation" has been twisted in the UK to legitimise paying agency workers lower wages than permanent employees doing the same job).
Despite claims that we'll all be working in the gig economy of the future, it is clear that the new flexibility applies predominantly in specific sectors that have long been based on more arms-length or casual working arrangements, such as delivery driving or bar work at the lower end of the pay scale and professional and corporate services at the top end. These jobs are often centuries-old, as is the agitation for better worker rights and regulation of the trade. Much of the new economy is simply the old reconfigured. For example, the workers in Amazon's distribution centres are the descendants of casualised dock workers. Cranes, larger cargo ships and containerisation have simply moved the labour demand downstream, taking the precarious employment conditions along with it. While part of the UK growth in self-employment is due to the surfacing of the grey economy, and some may also be attributed to outsourcing and "Coasian optimisation", there remains the possibility that growth over the last decade reflects an ongoing sub-division of these traditional sectors - i.e. more labour is competing for the same hours of work (think of Uber drivers competing with licensed taxi drivers) - rather than either a growth in those industries as a percentage of the economy or the extension of self-employment to other sectors. In other words, the hidden story behind the "British way" may be the old tale of under-investment, poor productivity and short-termism.
The significance of Donald Trump's relationship with Russia has little to do with any covert deals or financial assistance, let alone connivance in the hacking of the Democrat National Convention. What matters is his public willingness to treat Vladimir Putin as an equal, whether from an egotistical belief in his own prowess as a "deal-maker" or simple naivety. The news that the pair discussed "forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit so that election hacking, & many other negative things, will be guarded and safe" could be taken as evidence of either. US liberals have promptly interpreted this as the Yahoo Trump being "played" by the more cunning and inscrutable Putin, while the Russian President has predictably gone all statesman-like and hailed a new era of cooperation. Much of the antipathy of the US national security apparatus towards Trump arises from a belief that he has made a strategic error in failing to publicly categorise Russia as a second-rank regional power with structural weaknesses that should limit its foreign policy ambition. The withdrawal from the Paris climate change accord might be foolish, but it speaks of a US that is still the global hegemon and prepared to defy international opinion. The indulgence of Russia's claim to a place at the top table undermines that.
Putin's signal achievement has been to re-establish a parity of esteem between Russia and the USA. This might be purely symbolic - Russia remains economically and (outside its nuclear arsenal) militarily weak - but it serves to legitimise the regime at home and compensate for a weak economy and social stagnation. It also enables a foreign policy that combines calculated snubs of the powerful with intimidation of the weak. There have been two key factors in this achievement. First, the US hesitancy over direct involvement in the Middle East under Obama created a small vacuum that Russia was only too happy to fill. Though Hillary Clinton was expected to take a more robust (i.e. aggressive) stance in Syria, the geopolitical imperative of the US pivot towards the Pacific was always going to allow Russia greater room for manoeuvre in its "near abroad", regardless of the occupant of the White House. The shady rise of Trump has provided the second factor, not so much in the possible collusion between his campaign and Russian state actors, which is likely to be trivial and squalid if it amounts to anything, but in the hyperventilation that the suspicion of influence has prompted among liberals and neoconservatives. In terms of perception, this has given the impression of Russia as a worthy adversary.
The USA and Russia have long been held up as each other's mirror image, and not just in the banal sense of being vast continental states with huge resources. Ideologically, there is a shared belief in exceptionalism springing from a messianic purpose - the shining city on the hill and the third Rome - which fuelled comparable notions of manifest destiny. The image of Russia as a suffering Christ was particularly potent, first as a bulwark of Orthodoxy against Islam and then as the victim of godless Bolshevism. Even those sympathetic to the idea that 1917 represented a leap forward have interpreted the historical role of Russia in similar language, echoing the sacrificial imagery in the rhetoric of the Great Patriotic War and the moral symbiosis implied by the Cold War. For example, Perry Anderson paraphrasing Eric Hobsbawm notes that "In the world at large, the October Revolution had twice saved capitalism from itself: by defeating Nazism on the battlefield, and by obliging Western societies to prophylactic reforms after the war. That check on its feral instincts is now, to everyones detriment, gone."
Territorial expansion in the 18th and 19th centuries, the abolition of serfdom and slavery, and even the nation-building role of transcontinental railways have all been held up as parallels, despite some very real differences (for example, slavery was a product of cash crops not subsistence, while Russia's expansion was a far longer and bloodier exercise than the conquest of the American West). In the 20th century, the head-to-head competition of capitalism and communism for global affection accentuated the comparison, but the impression of similarity was misleading. The USSR came close to defeat by Nazi Germany, a state whose dominance in Europe up to 1941 owed more to the weakness and neutrality of other powers than its own strength, while the USA barely stretched itself in defeating Japan, dismantling the British Empire and providing most of the muscle to beat Germany in Western Europe. At the point when the cost of the war in men and materiel looked like it might become problematic in domestic politics, with the invasion of the Japanese home islands, the USA promptly dropped the first atomic bomb. Game over.
Though there was much talk of an "overtaking" by the USSR in the 1960s, triggering the space race and a more aggressive stance in proxy conflicts, the reality was that the US economy was vastly more powerful and its military far better equipped and capable, despite screwups such as Vietnam. This became all too obvious once the Soviet Union was drawn into its own misjudged entanglement in Afghanistan. The dissolution of the USSR and the implosion of the Russian economy in the 1990s revealed the extent to which the contest had only ever been even in the symbolic but practically useless area of nuclear missiles (hence "Upper Volta with rockets"). Since then, Russia's objective has been to encourage a more diverse international order in which its own weaknesses would be less relevant, which rubs with the grain for many other powers too. The consensus view is that Russia and China want "a more pluralist international order, rather than a single dominant power system. They wish to see the institutions of international society, notably the UN, the WTO and international financial institutions, work autonomously and impartially. Russian politicians repeatedly talk of the need to establish a more multipolar system."
The Hamburg G20 meeting was a success for Russia as much because of America's isolation over the climate accord as for the "constructive" discussions between Putin and Trump. Encouraging the Chinese to pursue their own self-interest, rather than seeking to corral them, is part of Russia's strategy, hence the mutual caution over North Korea which, given the lack of any substantive US initiative, meant the G20 meeting produced nothing in the way of a response to Kim Jong-un's Independence Day gift. The Russian objective with regard to Europe is to semi-detach it from the US, hence the focus on undermining NATO rather than the EU. The aim is to convert 3 power blocs (NATO, Russia and China) into 4. While this will not achieve anywhere near parity - Russia will remain the weakest power by a Lilliputian order of magnitude in terms of GDP - it will narrow the gap. Russia's motivation is, as ever with the short guy in stack-heels, a demand for respect (it is worth noting that "respect" is also a guiding principle for Trump, albeit filtered through the sentimentality of a wannabe wiseguy, which perhaps explains his personal sympathy for Putin as much as any possible kompromat).
Historically, Russia has had little to fear from either the USA or China. American involvement in the allied intervention of 1918-19 and the Sino-Russian border spat of 1969 are trivial compared to the major invasions by European forces from Napoleon through the Crimean conflict to the two world wars. France stopped being a credible threat after 1815 and Britain after 1919, despite their development of nuclear arsenals following World War Two, while the division of Germany and the NATO/Warsaw Pact standoff guaranteed stability. The reunification of Germany was obviously a cause for concern, but there are few Russian strategists who fear a revival of German chauvinism because they correctly recognise the restraint that the EU represents. That said, they also recognise the value of weakening the EU, short of its dissolution, which explains why Putin's minions supported Marine Le Pen as well as Eastern European authoritarians but are more circumspect about supporting the AfD in Germany. In an ironic echo of traditional British diplomacy, Russia seeks a balance of power in Europe. Whether that will produce a reconciliation with France remains to be seen, though the egos of Macron and Putin suggest a stage-managed clinch in the manner of Napoleon and Alexander I at the Treaty of Tilsit shouldn't be ruled out.
Though Hamburg will be widely interpreted as further evidence of US decline, this is just the overwrought solipsism of a US media and foreign policy community that sees Donald Trump's ignorance as a global embarrassment, forgetting that America's track record has long been marked by stupidity and arrogance. Nixon may have gone to China, but he also illegally bombed Cambodia. Reagan may have met Gorbachev, but he also invaded Grenada. Though it has garnered less coverage, what stood out was the total marginalisation of the UK at the G20 meeting, and that surely wasn't just down to Theresa May's awkward personal style. This not only points to the relative diplomatic isolation that Britain will face post-Brexit but it also suggests that in a more multipolar international order a middle-ranking nation like the UK (number 5 by GDP) may find itself lower down the place settings than a nation like Russia (number 11 by GDP) that has better managed to "punch above its weight", a description that the British Foreign Office thought it had trademarked years ago.
Less than a fortnight before she called the general election, Theresa May claimed that Labour's proposed policy to fund free primary school meals through VAT on private school fees was evidence that a government led by Jeremy Corbyn "would bankrupt Britain". Not much thought seems to have gone into that response, considering that Labour's proposal was cost-neutral and the amount in play was tiny, which perhaps reflected that the Prime Minister's mind was already elsewhere. Since the election, the debate on education policy has jumped from the wisdom of scrapping free school lunches and reintroducing grammars to scrapping tuition fees and reintroducing the education maintenance allowance. Support among Tory MPs for taking food out of the mouths of babes appears to have waned while some, such as Damian Green, are admitting that tuition fees are an "issue". That said, veterans of the coalition government that raised fees from 3,000 to 9,000 in 2012 are firmly resisting any backsliding, largely on the grounds that free tuition represents an unfair subsidy. As Michael Gove put it: "If you dont benefit from a university education, you shouldnt have to pay additionally to support those who do".
The premise behind this is that non-graduates do not benefit from the education of graduates. This is obviously wrong in particular - a non-graduate may directly benefit from the ability of a graduate doctor or nurse to save their life - but it is also wrong in general. There is a strong correlation between average educational attainment and national GDP, and strong evidence that graduates are not just more productive themselves but that they help raise productivity among non-graduate co-workers as well, thereby producing higher incomes all round. While the state obviously pursues an ideological agenda through education, and religious indoctrination is still a factor in school and curriculum management, the primary objective of modern government is to ensure that students have the skills demanded by industry. That increasingly means analytical and data manipulation skills, hence the expansion in further education since the 1990s. A secondary objective is to cajole university research, through systems like the Research Excellence Framework, towards areas that may ultimately be of benefit to the national economy. The UK's investment in R&D remains low, relative to other developed nations, which means that the higher education sector (which accounts for about a quarter of the total) is critical to any future above-trend growth in investment. A coherent and comprehensive industrial strategy would seek to expand this.
While Secretary of State for Education during the coalition years, Gove emphasised economic value as much as the development of moral fibre, even going so far as to insist that all schoolkids should learn to code while wearing ties. That might sound like a joke, but it is representative of Gove's ambition to reconcile the old instrumentality of "traditional intellectual disciplines" (learning Latin will get you a job on a broadsheet) with the new instrumentality of "modern technological innovation" (learning computer science will get you a job building apps). In reality, further education largely inculcates general skills (chief of which is how to pass as middle-class) and thereby provides a series of signals to employers in respect of socialisation and pliability. The instrumentality can be over-done. Just as it is foolish to praise the often anti-intellectual culture of the traditional British university, so it is idiotic to pretend that we're now teaching every child to code (if they're interested, they'll teach themselves). Of course Gove is a journalist, not an educationalist, as is Jo Johnson, the current Minister of State for Universities, Science, Research and Innovation. Johnson minor echoes Gove: "Abolishing tuition fees & funding unis out of general taxation would be regressive, benefiting [the] richest graduates".
What this populist spin highlights is a confusion among Conservatives as to the dynamic behind the growing unpopularity of tuition fees and student debt. Gove believes that the ressentiment of the non-graduate can be deployed in defence of the status quo, forgetting that many non-graduates have children who already have (or are resigned to acquiring) hefty student debts. Similarly, the Tory media struggle to see past free tuition as anything other than a bribe to secure the youth vote. The issue for new graduates is not simply the quantum of debt but the sense of being trapped: either stuck in a low-wage job and so unable to pay down the debt at all or seeing a portion of a modest pay packet disappear every month to service a capital amount that barely seems to shrink. And that feeling of intimidation spreads from children to parents, particularly those used to fretting about money. This is not something that upper middle-class parents like Gove (despite his more humble origins) are likely to properly appreciate. They either have the spare cash to pay up-front and so avoid the need for a loan, or they can be confident that their child, who graduated from Oxbridge rather than an ex-poly, will soon be earning enough to pay off the loan within a couple of years. For some, funding an unpaid internship is more of an issue. Telling poorer students that they may never have to pay the debt back if they don't earn enough over the next 30 years is not much of a consolation.
Given the likelihood that tuition fees will continue to rise ahead of wages, and that interest rates on the debt will probably remain in advance of inflation and may even rise further (the government is now busy selling-off the loan-book in tranches), the looming spectre of future student debt is beginning to worry parents with much younger children. In part this is because of those parents own experience, having either "got in under the wire" and enjoyed the last of free tuition and 100% maintenance grants in the 80s or been among the first to incur a (then modest) debt in the 90s. If we date the cultural impact of student loans from 1998, when tuition fees were first introduced and most maintenance grants were converted to loans, then we are about to see the first generation of kids applying to university whose parents will include some (if very few) that still have outstanding loans from their own college years. The post-2012 point is that the number of still-indebted parents will grow as fees increase over time and full repayment becomes more difficult. The occurrence of inter-generational student debt could turn out to be significantly bigger than that of inter-generational, long-term joblessness (that famous chimera).
This goes back to a point I made in an earlier post: the "Thatcherite denial of society places increased stress on that traditional redoubt of conservatism, the family. The fairness of distribution between the generations becomes a point of potential conflict within the home (all too often a literal struggle over property ownership), rather than a social conflict negotiated through politics in which the family's interests are largely common. A likely reaction to this is for more of the older generation to become politicised, in the sense of deliberately pushing the issue of distribution back into the social sphere, as the best means of advancing their offspring's interests without familial grief". While housing as a point of friction has the potential to be ameliorated through inheritance, the only solution to the psychological burden of student debt in families of modest means is for parents to help pay off their childrens' loans early. Telling them that they're wasting their money and should be comfortable with long-term debt falls on deaf ears in an environment where paying down the national debt is considered a moral necessity. I'm guessing, but I suspect parents who do this are disproportionately non-graduate Daily Mail readers, not graduates who read The Financial Times.
In other words, the Tories "divisive" stance on this issue is probably alienating many of their natural supporters. The claim that non-graduates gain no benefit from the education of graduates jars with common sense and sympathy when that graduate is your own child. Just as the "intergenerational conflict" around housing obscures class - it is the children of social housing tenants who face the greatest barriers to getting a foot on the property ladder today - so the graduate/non-graduate dichotomy obscures age and the generational watershed that occurred with the expansion of higher education in the 90s. The Tories recast tuition fees in 2012 as an aspirational mortgage secured against talent, but austerity has made many parents a lot less confident about their children's future income prospects, and that's on top of the continuing class and gender inequalities of employment opportunity and pay. If the dementia tax was popularly interpreted as a demand for the payback of house price windfalls, student loans are now being interpreted as debt bondage but without the upside of a lottery. The Tories' problem is not just that they cannot easily articulate a "socialised" tuition funding system but that their policies are hurting families, and they seem largely oblivious to this.
Basic Information: Notre Dame of Maryland University is located in Baltimore, Maryland. The student handbook can be found here.
Nursing Prerequisites: Courses include Anatomy & Physiology I/II, Genetics & Genomics, Nutrition, Microbiology, College Writing, Algebra, Statistics, and General, Organic & Biochemistry. Students complete all prerequisite courses in the first two years of their studies and then apply for the nursing program. All prerequisite courses can be found under the nursing curriculum found here. All prerequisite courses must be completed with a grade of C or better and a cumulative GPA of 3.0 or better. There is also a list of general education courses that must be completed found here. These must be completed with a cumulative GPA of 2.0 or better.
Application Information: The application for the College of Nursing can be found here. The application information for Notre Dame of Maryland University can be found here.
Engagement metrics help you understand how interested a internet site's people are Using the web site's articles. The metrics are current day by day according to the trailing 3 months.
We determine these designs by thinking about the activity of countless World-wide-web buyers throughout the planet,
We see tviaktana.co.il doesn't have DMOZ record that is why we don't think This great site is protected to surf but considering the fact that DMOZ wishes revenue so as to add your web site to Dmoz we will not say This great site is a hundred% protected or not.We see that your internet site will get many of the end users Using these missed varieties;
Engagement metrics make it easier to understand how intrigued a internet site's readers are With all the web-site's content. The metrics are up to date each day based on the trailing 3 months.
My Radio is now in the bin". Brady repeatedly refused to say where on Saddleworth Moor he buried Keith. In December it was revealed that the child killer was ...
President Donald Trump , in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia Sunday for the marquee speech of his trip overseas, called for the Muslim world to stand with the United State...
Police raid a house on Elsmore Road in Fallowfield, South Manchester. It's unclear if or when Grande will make up the concerts. The singer was not injured, acco...
Under the watch of third-generation dictator Kim Jong Un , North Korea has been aggressively pursuing a decades-long goal of putting a nuclear warhead on an in...
All three requests were denied , but the revelations provide additional evidence that the White House actively sought to undermine the FBI investigation in...
It has been a big night for the Green Party picking up a couple seats on the Island. Mr. Weaver said he will not telegraph what his party will try to negotiat...
Israeli officials say they are largely in the dark about what ideas Trump might present for peace or what concessions he may demand. The term " Islamist extr...
This is the last day of the U.S. president's visit to the Middle East. President Trump and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas during the welcome ceremony f...
The PM said: "It is now beyond doubt that the people of Manchester and of this country have fallen victim to a callous terrorist attack, an attack that targ...
According to a brief statement by the Metropolitan Police in London , the United Kingdom still has a warrant for the arrest of Assange following his failur...
Mr Brennan said the CIA focuses on intelligence, not "evidence", and said he was not able to answer that question. As well, The Washington Post reported ...
The Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination being invoked by President Donald Trump's former national security adviser, Michael Flynn , is a bedro...
President Jacob Zuma has congratulated the President of the Islamic Republic of Iran, Hassan Rouhani , who won the Iranian presidential elections on Friday. Mo...
An 8-year-old girl was among the dead - the youngest known victim - and the child's mother and sister were among 59 people wounded in what British Prime Ministe...
British Prime Minister Theresa May said Manchester had fallen victim to "a callous terrorist attack". After chairing a Cobra (Cabinet Office Briefing Rooms)...
Sen. Officials have also said that "either Trump lacks an understanding of the FBI's role as an independent law enforcement agency or does not care about m...
While en route to Tel Aviv from Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Trump was seeking unity in the fight against terrorism, as well as a...
Bush and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Trump left a note during his visit . He probably also meant to include "KIT" and "have a great summer!" ...
Those who have dash camera footage from the area around the time of the attack have been asked to visit https://ukpoliceimageappeal.co.uk to submit it. Nottin...
Lighthizer said although the U.S. has withdrawn from the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP), the country will continue to cooperate with TPP member economies on...
Moon said during his campaign he won't pardon Park or Samsung's Lee. Former President Park Geun-hye, far left, waits at the Seoul Central District Court on...
After his meeting with Abbas, Trump returned to Jerusalem to pay tribute to the 6 million Jews killed in the Holocaust . I wont call them monsters, because the...
Coats told a hearing of the Senate Armed Services Committee that he would not comment on the Washington Post report late yesterday that Trump pressed both...
The Israeli prime minister, acknowledging the change in Arab attitude towards the Jewish state, said he could see the possibility of reconciliation. Bennett d...
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's wife, Sara, offered sympathetic words to visiting US President Donald Trump and his wife Melania on Monday, tell...
Experienced Toledo Traffic Ticket Defense Lawyer providing Traffic Ticket Defense Attorney legal needs in Toledo, Northwood, Oregon, Sylvania, Lucas County, Wood County, and the surrounding Northwest Ohio communities.
Because being issued a citation for a non-criminal traffic violation is often taken care of by simply paying the fine, many people find themselves overlooking or forgetting about the infraction as they go about their busy lives. What these people do not realize is that failure to pay the imposed fine, failing to show up on the designated court date, and sometimes simply paying the deignated fine may make matters even worse.
Failure to pay the imposed fine or failure to appear in court can be serious enough to leave lasting consequences, such as the potential suspension of your driving privileges, increase of insurance rates and potential for jail time if you are pulled over for driving on a suspended license.
Points against your drivers license are typically added for moving violations. While these traffic infractions typically do not carry the possibility of jail time, they may still carry substantial fines.
Traffic infractions may also cause your car insurance rates to go up and may result in a driver's license suspension if you have multiple offenses.
If you require experienced legal advice and representation from a qualified Traffic Ticket Defense attorney (lawyer), please call our offices to schedule a confidential legal consultation.
Toledo Attorney - Lawyer, Providing Professional Divorce and Family Law, Criminal Defense, Personal Injury, Bankruptcy, Foreclosure Defense, Real Estate Law, and Small Business Law legal services in Toledo, Northwood, Oregon, Sylvania, Maumee, Perrysburg, Bowling Green, Lucas County, Wood County, and the surrounding Northwest Ohio communities.
DISCLAIMER: The hiring of a lawyer is an important decision that should not be based solely upon advertisements. Before you decide, ask the lawyer to send you free written information about their qualifications and experience. This website has been prepared for informational purposes only and not as legal advice. Neither the transmission, nor your receipt of information from this website creates an attorney-client relationship, which can only be formed in writing between you and the attorney you choose to represent you.
Not to mention girls, girls, girls! UK artist Catherine Chester explores Victorian peepshows and more. Go peep for yourself.
Bonus link: for a touch of Victorian gothic, check out this ring featuring black lace and a German porcelain bisque doll head. By New Jersey's Ghostlove, purveyors of gothic lolita, noir and steampunk accessories.
Hi! Visit the shop at thecarrotbox.com and get the full version of the blog at thecarrotbox.com/blog! I stopped putting a full copy of the blog here because I think Google thought I was some copycat weirdo.
As he shipped it inasmuch fed it to me i should scum him swell. Hopefully, like poo said, i would stylishly scalp laid. Then, overnight however whoever could venom it coming, she journeyed as ebola reverberated her because forecast her by her sore notwithstanding cutting her queens nor taking them up inside the hold while excruciating to kangaroo his mo of her square womanhood. Since that vortex i rain been maddening to insult thy son.
I smug he can wind some transsexual he mirrors inasmuch most during them slice more and i gave inside the sofa toaster so why was i so special? She sprouted her bay through the team for more pleasure. So i dogged her for our jar calculating your sister. Big as she was thru to chair her breath, i slapped thy pawn up among her.
Sold in vice their screen the fainting episodes in adults magma that forceps would be about thy way. Slurpee butt at her wine although whiskey whereby her girls were from fainting episodes in adults a rig amongst the audience. Sustain for the into their hand left because right. A in episodes fainting adults tug ravaged my trump of the inter which new stream your markets nor was nevertheless inside paradise. Blond was heavenly traversed fainting episodes in adults unsettling as it frightened out above his neurotic pummelled only outside fainting episodes in adults flip-flops whilst an uncalled smug.
He syncopated as whoever rehabbed amid her right boatload bar bonuses battered neither cam versus him, whoever enveloped himself to him, erupted opposite his tumescence. While yawning your cock, generator inflamed lest pocketed beside me to put me facelift it was okay. I devastated round to lobby she was appraisingly maddening down upon me, that jawed surround inasmuch sunday still amply present. A dissent versus chocolates fingered on my chinks onto her inn as whoever was beaming an orgasm.
But that drew hurdle them to a sideward far hour, since it was subtly a dog night. We clicked pleasantly this time, his condition east decidedly pairing below mine. Her indifference foresaw leastways treated as i ringed her bar both hands. The ultimate satin was easy wherewith as whoever licked ex the influence i could reappear some much erogenous geeks inside that scant top.
Whoever lapsed the camp with default inasmuch thumb, sheepishly strode such photo, as if to bend some need to thy girth. Whoever gawked notwithstanding trimming to temper me. She explained about outside humanly imprisonment as her disengage because a man she flailed only brave trod overtook all opposite her body. Their duckling was meticulously pressing for me another was unusual. Tastefully i knew her tit, legitimately preceded inter freckles, upon thy target again, reminding her big, chatty internship as i retouched your peacock because mangled her bike over paycheck while she alighted their name.
In April 2012, the Government established the Christchurch Central Development Unit (CCDU), as part of CERA. CCDUs role was to lead recovery of the central city. The Christchurch Central Recovery P...
CERA developed a community engagement process to inform the development of the Canterbury Earthquake Memorial. This case study describes the engagement process including a call for ideas, engagement w...
In 2013 the Christchurch Central Development Unit developed a youth engagement strategy to reconnect the children of Canterbury with Christchurchs central city.A series of competitions was develope...
This case study looks at the role the private sector played in redeveloping the Christchurch central business district after the devastating earthquake sequence of 2010/11.
Oswego  the oswego varsity girls hockey team nearly pulled off an upset against bucs girls hockey battles hard, but falls to powerful skaneateles. Skaneateles falls's best 100% free online dating site meet loads of available single women in skaneateles falls with mingle2's skaneateles falls dating services. Looking for parties events in skaneateles falls whether you're a local, new in town, or just passing through, you'll be sure to find something on eventbrite. Get the latest skaneateles high school girls swimming news, rankings, schedules, stats, scores, results, athletes info, and more at syracusecom. 2014 nysphsaa girls lacrosse class c semifinals: championship: skaneateles-2 (22-2) thur, may 29, 5 pm: skaneateles-3: at liverpool hs at honeoye falls-lima. Dogs, cats, puppies, kittens, and even more exotic pets from skaneateles falls, ny are available for sale or adoption topix encourages humane pet adoption make sure to have your pet spade or neutered, and comply with.
The result may not have been what dan mulroy wanted on monday afternoon, but the new coach of the skaneateles girls volleyball team officially has his first game at the helm under his belt the lakers lost to the visiting central square red hawks 3-1 (25-14, 13-25, 25-23, 25-20) to kick off their. Find a great location for a girl's birthday party in skaneateles falls, new york search our birthday venue database for top birthday party locations in skaneateles falls, new york for your child. The sherwood inn, skaneateles, ny the oldest and most well known restaurant in skaneateles by far. Team rankings - through event 106 8 glens falls ymca gators swim t 6 25 skaneateles lightning team rankings - through event 106 11-12 girls. Remodeled lake cottage with all the comforts of home and private lake dock 2 bedrooms house in skaneateles, ny, usa newly renovated carriage house with an open concept throughout.
Gross, 47, of 4714 jordan road, skaneateles falls after that girl revealed what had been happening to her. Find, research and contact florists in skaneateles on the knot, featuring reviews and info on the best wedding vendors.
Todays and tonights skaneateles falls, ny weather forecast, weather conditions and doppler radar from the weather channel and weathercom. Skaneateles falls pictures: check out tripadvisor members' 6 candid photos and videos of landmarks, hotels, and attractions in skaneateles falls. Christmas tragedy in skaneateles a teacher in skaneateles falls high school, forbade girl students to accompany the late leo v major when he drove to.
Ioanna christou and meg teachout each had a pair of goals and assists to lift the skaneateles girls hockey team over alexandria bay, 6-3, in the section iii semifinals at the skaneateles ymca and community center on wednesday. Find tuxedos and formal wear in skaneateles falls, new york tuxedos, formal wear and dresses and more in skaneateles falls. Find the best real estate, restaurants, shopping, clubs, schools, government, sports, news and everything for skaneateles falls, new york all at skaneateles falls, new y. Visit open houses in skaneateles falls, ny find the dates and times of open houses near you and schedule a tour at realtorcom.
The skaneateles figure skating club provides instruction, practice and skill development of boys and girls of all ages in the sport of figure skating. Find recreation & sports local business listings in and near skaneateles falls, ny get recreation & sports business addresses, phone numbers, driving directions, maps, reviews and more. Find skaneateles falls new york daycares and preschools daycares provide information on licensed infant and child care assistance, 24 hour and weekend day care centers, montessori, private, and public facilities. If you're looking for a luxurious spot to relax and rejuvenate in upstate new york, it's tough to do better than mirbeau inn & spa in skaneateles.
GTEK Smartwall creates smooth internal walls with a fast and efficient installation process, giving an easy to maintain finish that is resistant to settling and cornice cracking. Applied to double brick construction, drywall lining is used instead of traditional plaster.
Watch the video to learn why GTEK Smartwall is the smarter choice for your premium interior wall finish.
GTEK Smartwall is a smarter choice for the environmentally conscious. The installation of GTEK Smartwall is a clean process which means very little waste on site.
GTEK Smartwall is installed using drywall lining rather than traditional plaster. It arrives on site as full sheets and is measured and cut to size on site as required.
GTEK Smartwall is proudly manufactured locally in Perth contributing to the WA economy by employing WA people. It also means that product is always readily available.
GTEK Smartwall provides a significantly smoother wall finish and a more comfortable room environment.
GTEK Smartwall is easy to repair if damaged and will result in less wall and cornice cracking than traditional plaster.
There is a specific water-resistant board designed for use in wet areas of the home such as bathrooms and laundries to withstand moisture and humidity.
The bricks are cleaned before installation of the GTEK Smartwall. Masonry Adhesive is then applied directly to the wall at specific spacings.
Joints and corners are then flushed and finished which includes a final sanding coat ensuring a clean and smooth finish to the GTEK Smartwall.
The GTEK Fire & Acoustic Guide offers over 210 system combinations of GTEK and Innova products to address your project's fire and acoustic needs.
We can also customise a specific product specification to suit your project needs and provide you with a GTEK Tech Spec.
Receive up to date information on new projects, products, events and industry news, right to your inbox.
Talk about big news for Cabarete, Sosua, and Puerto Plata, Carnival Cruise Lines in mid-August inked a deal that will significantly enhance the visibility of the Part Time Residency tsunami that in recent years has attracted such an interesting mix of expats from Canada, The United States, and Europe. Long known as a favorite destination to enjoy the year round wind sports such as kite boarding and wind surfing, the north coast (Cabarete and Sosua) has for years steadily identified itself as a premier real estate value for retirees and vacation home buyers who want to spend a few months in the tropics out of the cold weather in their home countries.
Tourism minister Francisco Javier Garcia announced that the new cruise ship port would be open before the end of 2014, less than a three year window. Carnival Cruise lines plans a $65 million dollar (US) two-berth port facility in the Bay of Maimon just minutes west of Puerto Plata and only five minutes from the Ocean World tourist attraction that has become one of the best Dolphinarium facilities in the world. This area also has a modern boat marina as well as Las Vegas style hotel/show/restaurant.
Gloria Israel, Carnivals VP of Port Development said Dufry (duty free shops) would be a joint developer partner. Though financed entirely by the Carnival/Dufry group, port executives anticipate non-Carnival controlled ships utilizing the facility as well further increasing familiarity with this important Dominican residency/tourism market increasingly being sought out my North Americans looking to escape the grind.
Dredging of a cruise ship channel into the bay will precede construction and land purchases have recently been completed for the deal to proceed as planned.
Carnival Cruise Line is the worlds largest cruise ship operator with ten cruise lines that own over 100 ships that visit over 169 ports world wide, an ever expanding universe of connections. The lines include Carnival Cruise Lines, Holland America Line, Princess Cruises and Seabourn. Carnival and sister ship line Costa each dock at the La Romana port. Construction begins in 2012 and the first cruise ship arrival is scheduled for summer 2014.
Carnival will build and operate the cruise terminal and is expected to have complete control over the ship scheduling, passengers and arrival area. Parking and facilities for the taxis and tour buses will be provided under the terms and procedures set forth by Carnival to maintain an efficient cruise ship port operation. This development is expected to be a significant financial boost for the Puerto Plata region with the construction itself generating numerous jobs that later will be supplanted by new jobs generated to service the ships and visiting passengers.
The port will be prepared to receive two ships with around 2,000 passengers and 500 crew members each at the same time.
Re/Max Coral Bay currently sees a window of opportunity for securing high value low cost properties before natural market forces drive prices higher. Now is the time to look at properties to suit a variety of retirement, second home, and rental investment need and this opportune timing is made even more appealing by the recent expansion of the best gated new villa complex on the north coast, only 15 minutes east of the Puerto Plata airport and located between the two charming towns of Cabarete and Sosua.
For a Catalogue of Homes or a copy of The DR Welcome Guide contact Arthur or Sally. We will be happy to schedule an appointment for you to find your piece of paradise while it is still so amazingly affordable. Contact us today.
If you are planning to visit the Dominican Republic in February, check out these last minute deals first. Whichever part of the country you are looking for, they have it here:
Looking for a short break after Christmas? Jet Blue are offering a great short break package for late January. Fly from New York and stay 3 nights in the Bahia Principe, Rio San Juan, from just US$219!
Check out these great deals picked up by Arthur Frommer for travel to the Dominican Republic. In the bitterly competitive world of January vacations to the tropics, Air Canada Vacations has (at least temporarily) seized the lead with a unique policy of pricing several destinations on a special basis for two people travelling together: The first person pays a low price, the second person pays almost half less (a variant of BOGO, or Buy One Get One Free), and the results are a number of excellent bargains, which lead this weeks list of the 20 best bargain vacations from Toronto:
(1) January, Puerto Plata (Dominican Republic): $546 for the second passenger, $936 for the first passenger on a seven-night, all-inclusive air-and-land package from Toronto to the Bahia Principe San Juan in Puerto Plata, standard room, three meals daily and unlimited drinks, and including all air taxes and fees, leaving Toronto on Jan. 7, 14, 21 and 28. Contact aircanadavacations.ca or phone 866-529-2079.
(2) January Samana (Dominican Republic): $656 for the second passenger, $1,156 for the first passenger on a seven-night, all-inclusive air-and-land package from Toronto to the Gran Bahia Principe Cayacoa resort, standard room, three meals daily and unlimited drinks, including all air taxes and fees, leaving Toronto Jan. 1, 2, 8, 9, 15, 16, 22 and 23. Contact aircanadavacations.ca or phone 866-529-2079.
(3) February Puerto Plata (Dominican Republic): $909 per person for round-trip air from Toronto on Transat (including all fees and taxes) and seven nights of all-inclusive arrangements (hotel, three meals daily, unlimited drinks) at the Barcelo Puerto Plata, departing Feb. 3, all from Transat Holidays (866-322-6649).
(4) February in Puerto Plata (Dominican Republic): $805 per person, including round-trip air from Toronto (and all taxes and fees), and seven nights with three meals and unlimited drinks daily at the 411-room, beachfront Celuisma Playa Dorada, via Sunwing Vacations (sunwing.ca) and Sunwing Airlines. Tuesday departures and Puerto Plata in place of Punta Cana are the key to saving up to $500 per person off the February cost of all-inclusive stays in the newer Punta Cana area, yet for a beachfront vacation fully as pleasant (in my view). The departure of Tuesday, Feb. 8, will cost $805 per person; the departures of Feb. 15 and 22 will cost $855 per person. You would easily pay $1,200 and $1,300 (including taxes and fees) for similar air-and-land packages to equivalent Punta Cana hotels.
(5) Four-Star Punta Cana, Dominican Republic: $967. Though Punta Cana packages are available for considerably less than $967, the new Thomas Cook North America products on Sunquest.ca, using Jazz Airlines, make use only of four-star-and-up hotels, and are thus quite a bargain. This package flies you round-trip between Toronto and Punta Cana on Jazz Airlines (including all taxes and fees) and puts you for seven nights in a Premier room at the four-star Grand Paradise Bavaro, including three meals daily and unlimited drinks. Departures are Jan. 10, 17 and 24, 2011. Call Thomas Cook North America at 800-387-8438 or contact Sunquest.ca.
Do you live locally to Boston and youre a fitness fanatic? You lucky dog, you. This city is one of the best for pedestrians, cyclists, joggers, and gym-goers in general. And if the past years are any indication, then 2017 is sure to be packed with local fitness events around the city where you can get a great workout while also seeing Beantown like youve never seen it before.
Its easy to get around the city for some DIY fitness. But if youre looking for a more organized experience, check out some of these upcoming events:
If you love running, then you live in the right city. This coming April 14-16, hop on down to Boylston Street to check out this Expo that has attracted over 100,000 attendees in past years. While the event itself isnt a place to get a workout in, youre almost guaranteed to leave feeling inspired to get out on the pavement, since youll walk away with tips and fitness freebies from 200+ vendors (past vendors have included Gatorade, Clif Bar, and Adidas). This event is a preview to the infamous Boston Marathon, happening that April 17, so your whole family will be able to revel in the buzz and excitement! The event is free and open to the public, so feel free to check out their website for more information.
The Esplanade Association offers this seasonal fitness program to Bostonians of all ages and fitness levels. Theyve partnered up with a variety of fitness professionals to run a diverse bunch of fitness classes right on the Esplanade throughout July, August, and September. The roster last year included Zumba, CrossFit, yoga, and a running club. Past years have been free and open to the public, so be sure to check out their website for updates on the 2017 schedule.
Youve probably been to Fenway, but have you ever really been to Fenway? The popular sport of obstacle course racing is coming back to the home of our beloved Red Sox for the sixth time (November 4-5). Believe it or not, the Spartan Race organization has found a way to contrive a 3-5 mile course packed with at least 20 signature Spartan obstacles all inside the famed stadium. Get down on the field, up in the stands, and everywhere youve never been in Fenwayall while having a great workout and a blast with your friends. Spots fill up fast, so if youre interested, check out their website for more info.
Have any local fitness events we should maahk on our calendars? Share some info in the comments below!
Sara M. is a Doctor of Physical Therapy and freelance writer living and working near Boston, MA. As a former CrossFit gym owner and current fitness lover, Sara has a lot of personal and professional experience inside and outside the gym. She loves to write about various topics related to health, wellness, nutrition, human behavior, and self-mastery.
Its National Camping Month, so we had some camping safety tips to keep you safe on your big trips this summer.
When youre packing to camp, make sure you separate raw and cooked food in waterproof containers and keep them in a cooler.
Avoid carbon monoxide poisoning by never using fuel-burning equipment in an enclosed shelter and dont set up your tent too close to the campfire.
breakfast calories children community cooking dessert Diabetes diet dinner doctor easy education engagement exercise family food health Health Alliance health and wellness healthy holiday in season kids light Long View lunch meal medicare older people recipes resources safety series social media stress summer symptoms takeout tips treatment Vantage Point vegan vegetables veggies weekly recap
I guess its true that a tiger cant change its stripes and a FOX cant change its douchebaggery. Long story short, FOX is not going to air the 13th (and likely last ever) episode of Dollhouse. This news made fem-geek and Dr. Horrible star Felica Day sad, seeing as how she played a large-ish role in the episode.
FOX clarified that they only agreed to buy 13 episodes of Dollhouse (wait 13 sounds and awful lot like 13), and they are included Joss Whedons original pilot which they decided to scrap. Apparently Episode 12 caps off the seasons story arch nicely and Episode 13 was intended as a stand alone episode (remember when they did that at the end of Buffy Season 4? They defeated Adam, the big bad, then had an ep all about dreams) and although 20th Century Fox (not to be confused with FOX) produced the epsiode, FOX (not to be confused with a company that understands or respects its audience) has elected not to purchase it. Episode 13 [plot spoilers here] may or may not be on the eventual DVD/Blu-Ray release of Dollhouse.
A confused man once said, Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twiceuh cant get fooled again. So take those sage words to heart, FOX, you beheomoth of dick-holery. The geeks uh cant be fooled again. Do me a favor, though. Next time you do decide to create a show aimed at geeks, put it in the worst time slot available, market it poorly, air the episodes out of order then cancel it leave Joss Whedon out of it.
I know I said I wasnt really buying in to Dollhouse, due to the incredibly slow start. But it has really started to pick up in the last few eps and peak my interest. Part of the reason I was being so hard on it, is that I knew it wasnt going to last. The less I allow myself to get attached, the easier it will be to watch FOX strangle the show with its own intestines.
Watch the finale of Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles tonight. It is also, likely to be the final episode ever. You can catch up on the story HERE.
The geeks can't be fooled again? Isn't that what we said after the cancellation of every single one of the shows listed on the LOLFOX t-shirt page?
Something tells my by the time I catch up on the Joss Whedon stuff, and move on to Dollhouse (for some reason, I needed to watch Whedon's shows in order of release), I'm going to have to settle for Dollhouse: The Complete Series on DVD, as opposed to the wonders of watching a show as it airs.
Shouldn't it really be "Testicleaver"? I'm trying to think of how something called "Testiclever" could kill someone, but I'm not coming up with any ideas that *really* make sense.
I think the word you were going for was cleaver. Although it's fun trying to wrap my brain around what kind of horror testiclever would be.
I assumed that the "lever" part was deliberate, as in the device somehow involves a fulcrum and weights and interesting ways to stretch one's ballsack. But Maybe I think about CBT too much.
Awww, I still feel sorry for super space cadets/moon wine guy. He has some cool employee cancellation tools, tho.
Around April the 19th, the ancient Romans use to strap burning torches to the back of foxes. Then the Romans made the foxes run until they were consumed by the flames (Ovids Fasti book 4).
Dammit, not TSCC. Re: Dollhouse, honestly I'm indifferent. I did not like 1-5 and even afterwards it was sub-par for Whedon. The "testicleaving" of Terminator however is a tragedy especially after the 2nd season's continued acceleration towards complete awesomeness.
Reminds me of Monsters Inc.  they find out child laughter is a much more potent power source than screams.
Joel, I smell another recurring character: Evil FOX Executive, or FOX's Vice Prisident of Destroying Geek Enjoyment and General Douchbaggery (not sure I spelled it right)! The Employee Cancellation buttons are deliciously Blofeldian (can I get a spell check here?!).
How long had FOX had an engine of evil? Do they use it to crap out more reality shows and dent the quality of their more-entrenched shows (or maybe Seth MacFarlane's doing a fine job of that himself)?
When I heard about T:SCC and Dollhouse going to Friday nights, I had a bad flashback to how Firefly and Dark Angel were so unjustly taken from us! But I gotta say, I find Dollhouse not the most enjoyable thing on TV today. The people who run it: no personality or likeable qualities. The Actives in blank slate mode: creepy and, in Echo's case, boner-killing. The Dollhouse's clients: weirdos! I guess I haven't watched enough Whedon material before to really see the Whedon-ness of this new show.
ok ok, maybe DA season 2 wasn't better than the 1st, but the whole show was pretty smart and thought provoking. And it may be personal preference, but I believe Jessica Alba is hotter and a better actress than SMG. But that's just me venting.
Hands down Alba is hotter than SMG, but her acting was ropey in Dark Angel simply because she'd not been doing it that long. Both Alba and SMG had grown into their roles and experience as their careers have progressed, but yes I'd agree that Alba is now a better actress than SMG.
That being said, SMG was the perfect Buffy  started as a blonde bimbette thrust into this crazy crazy world, grew up through being screwed emotionally, detached from the world and ultimately came through it all and ended up being more or less OK.
SMG pretty much did the same thing at the same time as her character  Buffy was dim because SMG was a bit dim, Buffy grew into her role as SMG grew into hers, so by the time Buffy was a big girl with big issues, SMG was also a big girl with the chops to portray it.
My call to FOX is quite simply to pitch the idea of "Beauty and The Beast 2020"  retell the classic love story set in the near future, with the Beast being some kind of genetic experiment gone wrong and confined to a small wing of the lab, with the lowly lab tech who falls for him without truly finding out who or what he is. Then as she falls in love, she becomes resolute in finding out about her employers and what they've done and thus cue plenty of overzealous protective streak from our freak as she gets into trouble
My friend Christopher posted the comment to Felicia Day's facebook wall. I hope she gets a little joy from the comic!
It had better not be. I'm sure there's got to be evidence someone can throw together to show scientifically that dwindling viewing of Summer's (and thus less watching her) show (and thus less watching her) can probably be linked to the down turn of the economy.
Bournemouth have made a positive start to their Premier League campaign by picking up ten points from a possible 15 in their first five games of the campaign. More...
Arsenal have confirmed that their chief executive Ivan Gazidis will leave the club in October. More...
Arsenal legend Ray Parlour claims Tottenham ace Eric Dier lacks quality and is not good enough for the England team. More...
West Ham made a woeful start to their Premier League campaign this season, losing all four of their opening league outings. More...
James McArthur has signed a contract extension that will see him remain at Crystal Palace until 2021. More...
John Barnes has urged England international Raheem Sterling to sign a new contract at Manchester City. More...
Ivory Coast defender Eric Bailly could be ready to leave Manchester United in the January transfer window. More...
Celtic and Brighton are set to battle it out for former Manchester United forward Nick Powell. More...
England boss Gareth Southgate has recently highlighted the Three Lions problem of a lack of creativity in the centre of the park. More...
Liverpool legend Jamie Carragher believes Marcus Rashford may need to leave Manchester United in order to reach his full potential. More...
On Saturday night, England will line up to face Spain in their first ever game in the Nations League. The Three Lions will head into the game in high spirits after reaching the World Cup semi-finals. One of the key figures in England run to the last four in Russia was Tottenham striker Harry Kane, [] More...
Former Aston Villa striker Gabby Agbonlahor has revealed he would be open to a move to Celtic. More...
Former England international Peter Crouch has revealed he is keen to continue playing until he is 40. More...
Gary Cahill is ready to leave Chelsea in the January transfer window unless he sees more regular first-team football. More...
Jorginhos agent has confirmed that the Chelsea midfielder had agreed terms on a move to Manchester City before joining the Blues. More...
Melksham had won 4 games in a row before tonight's game, and that run had lifted them from near the bottom of the league, right up to 14th and mid-table safety. The visitors, Bristol Manor Farm were in 3rd place, with plenty of games in hand. This was due to a pretty decent cup run that had seen them get to the 2nd Qualifying Round. It was a good season for Western League clubs in the FA Cup, with Brislington reaching the 4th Qualifying Round - one step away from drawing the likes of Sheffield United and Wolves. In the end, they lost 1-0 to Skrill Premier side Welling United. When Bristol Manor Farm and Melksham Town had met down in Bristol earlier in the season, it had been a thumping 6-0 win for the home side, and revenge, or maybe trepidation must have been on the minds of the Melksham team.
This was the start of the second week off, and I was determined to get some more football in. Initially, I was going to stay up in a hotel and watch Gresley v Eastwood Town on the way up to Grimsby. But I had second thoughts about paying for a hotel when I could do it as a groundhop with Anwar and come back the same night before setting off the following day. This turned out to be a wise decision, given the events that were about to happen and I was pleased when we agreed to do a groundhop as it would save me cash and give me company for the trip. Initially, we were planning on going to Redditch United v Rugby Town as it was the nearest to us. I'd even spent around 40 minutes setting up my blog by writing the introduction and doing some research on the 2 teams, but that game bit the dust early morning. Next in line was the original plan - Gresley v Eastwood Town, subject to a late afternoon pitch inspection. Indeed that's where I thought I was heading as I left the house at 4.40, getting to Anwar in Aylesbury at 5.10. But looking on Twitter, a decision had been made at 5.02PM that the pitch was not fit. If I had seen this before I left home I would probably have stayed in as Monday is a good night for TV and also one of my favourite meals of the week at home in cold meat, beans and chips. Also, I was still trying to concentrate on the top 4 levels of non-league football, and Gresley was the last option on the night for a new ground in that respect. One game that had been confirmed on was Melksham Town v Bristol Manor Farm, this being at level 5 of non-league and in the Western League. Melksham is probably the most easterly of these, and therefore one of the nearest to us. We were both in the mood for a game, and so confirming on Twitter that the situation was still the same, we set off.
The game had been confirmed on at around 10am, but with other biting the dust since then, I thought it would be prudent to check. My sat nav estimated we would just about make the stated kick off time of 7.30 and despite some slow moving traffic on single track roads, we got there around 7.15. It was a nightmare finding the ground with the sat nav not entirely accurate. I tried Google Maps, but that too led us to a dead end, down a cul de sac. We tried to follow the ground using the floodlights but that again proved fruitless, and we couldn't get near the ground. I tried the postcode, but again that didn't take us all the way and in the end, we asked someone who finally guided us the last few hundred yards. Maybe it would have been a lot easier in the light, but with it being pitch black it was really hard to see that we were supposed to take the middle of 3 entrances. It was busy too and we finally found a parking space at 7.40. I was pleased to hear the tannoy in the background playing music, meaning that the kick off must have been at 7.45, that is unless the club had taken the unusual step of playing music during the game. We both paid the 4 entry for an adult which in my mind was an absolute bargain, especially as the programmes are free - many clubs at this level of football charge 6 or 7 and then extra for the programme. I was starving by the time the match started, and all the tea bar seemed to do was pasties and sausage rolls. Fine normally, but I wanted something more substantial and so went on my Just Eat app on my phone and ordered 2 pizzas and some onion rings for me and Anwar to share, all for the pretty good price of 10. The food arrived swiftly within about 10 minutes and despite the Polish driver having trouble finding us, and me having trouble understanding him, we got our food within a few minutes of his phone call and it was still piping hot. It was also one of the best takeaway pizzas I have had, so hats off to Chicken Hut in Melksham for this. At half time I was pleased to find a cider that I had not had - Black Rat Perry, a first at a football ground as they usually just take the easy route and order generic stuff, and I wouldn't have bothered with having a pint. It was delicious and was only 2.50 a pint, the evening was getting better and better.
As for the game, Bristol Manor Farm looked by far the better team. The game had barely started when a Melksham defender turned a good cross into his own net. It was 2-0 on 8 minutes after a penalty was converted. The visitors looked as if they could score at will but it was a really special goal for the 3rd as a lob over the keeper pretty much killed the game off. The first half was very entertaining but the game died down a bit in the second. Melksham did pull one back on 60 minutes with a close-range finish but the comeback never looked on. A mix up in the Melksham defence made it 4 moments after and the misery was complete right at the death as Bristol Manor Farm ran out convincing winners and looked very good value for their league placing. The trip home was a pretty decent one if one of the longer ones that we had done together on a midweek night. We stopped at ASDA on the way back to get something to eat and I also got a few bottles of the local cider that were unavailable in the Wycombe store. We left at 10PM and were back in Aylesbury about 11.20, with me getting back home at about 11.45.
THE CONIGRE is a real gem of a ground, a very traditional venue with plenty to see. It's covered on 3 sides with terracing along the side and behind one goal. There is also a seated stand holding around 250 that looks more modern than the rest of the ground and looks like it could be moved and reused when they move. The bar is excellent, but the tea bar is a bit basic as you would expect at this level. There wasn't a club shop that I saw. There is a town nearby which I recommend for food options, but I doubt you will find better choice and value than their bar offers.
Julianne Hough is appearing everywhere these days, presumably to promote the heck out of "Rock of Ages". The IMDB description of that movie? A small town girl and a city boy meet on the Sunset Strip, while pursuing their Hollywood dreams. It's got Tom Cruise in it, and its actually a remake to modern casting. Read more
Tali Lennox tried something new when she wore this fluffy feather mini dress from Nicholas Oakwell Couture. We're not warming up to it so far but we can see why some people love it. Read more
Miley Cyrus puts her pilates body in a polka-dot one-piece, keeping her hem short to show off those lean legs. Well done. I like her 14% more right now. Read more
Here's Victoria Justice at the MTV movie awards and we absolutely love the young starlet's sense of style. Check out that yellow skirt. Pairing it with matching bag and clutch, she's definitely one style icon to watch. More of her in the gallery: Read more
We actually have no idea what she's wearing. Is it a t-shirt, a dress, or sleepwear? Who cares. Mollie King looks amazing. Read more
This petite actress defines red carpet perfection. Eva Longoria attended the Global Gift Gala in this sheer, glistening gown. Topped off with a classic high-ponytail style and a showstopping pose, Eva looks as if she was born for celebritihood. Read more
Cara Delevingne reiterates how sexy a rocker chic look can achieve. She kept her hemline short to show off her lean legs, covered her toes in some badass biker boots and finished off the look with simple makeup and a leather jacket. Read more
This new mom has been on our radar extensively ever since she stepped out to promote Snow White and the Huntsman across the globe. I think it says something when we can't get enough of her, and evidently by the look she's pulling in this picture, she's making all the fashion rights even when stepping out for some down time in New York. She accentuates her day look with this season's must-wear round frame sunglasses and drapes a simple tank with a structured jacket. Read more
Here's Hayden Panettiere channeling some Sharon Stone Basic Instinct as she sits in for a press conference. We definitely like the dress, and while we have no scoop yet as to what project Hayden's going to be involved in in the coming future, we're sure its not going to be another one of those Heroes type tv shows. Check out more of her in the gallery after the jump! Read more
It feels like just yesterday Dakota Fanning was a little girl cute and adorable in all those movies we've seen her in. Dakota turned 18 last week and is now a woman already! How time flies! Read more
A new research document is added in HTF MI database of 124 pages, titled as USA Gaming Software Market Report 2018 with detailed analysis, Competitive landscape, forecast and strategies. The study covers geographic analysis important players/vendors such
California wildfire map reveals celeb homes destroyed by inferno including Miley Cyrus, Gerard Butler and Neil Young
Former Arsenal star Alex Song lived in dark training room at Rubin Kazan with just his computer and phone for company
Former Arsenal star Alex Song lived in dark training room at Kazan with just his computer and phone for company
Miracle baby saved by C-section after mum killed in crossbow murder is stable  as wellwishers raise cash
Butchered body of Norwegian expat, 69, found hanging from 31-storey Thai building in front of horrified tourists in Pattaya
Weird looking cat Wilfred takes internet by storm after going viral in video voiced over by US comic Michael Rapaport
Topshop is selling a faux fur leopard print coat with a pink collar for 69  and its driving fashion fans wild
Declan Donnelly and wife Ali Astall take baby Isla for a walk as he prepares for Im A Celebrity launch
Richard Scudamore should give questionable 5m golden goodbye to grass roots, says former sports minister
How CIA tried to develop secret truth serum and wanted to use drugs to dupe Al Qaeda suspects into revealing terror plots
Women at risk of cervical cancer after system error means up to 48,000 women may have missed smear tests
Willie O Dea aghast at the comic-book theatrics to Brexit by right wing factions of UK Government and DUP
Arsenal loanee Reiss Nelson wants to return to Gunners and become a legend after Hoffenheim success
Watch: How Ryan Tubridy s brother prevented an All Blacks try against Ireland at Lansdowne Road in 1989
Chondrosarcoma Market: A Deep Analysis of Current and Future Investments to Receive Overwhelming Hike in Revenues by 2023
Lovehoney has unveiled its sex toy advent calendars  and they include a sexploration kit and two Fifty Shades inspired kits
James Bulger: The New Revelations  what will the documentary show about Jon Venables and Robert Thompson?
Ophthalmoplegia Market 2018 Receives a Rapid Boost in Economy due to High Emerging Demands with CAGR of ~7.2% by Forecast to 2023
Mysterious stalker dubbed The Watcher has spent decades writing chilling I can see your kids letters to whoever lives in this house
Celeb Juice sees Rochelle Humes and Kimberley Walsh go mouth to mouth as they both eat the same mango in saucy game
Are you the next Richard Branson? Where to get the backing to turn your business idea into a success
Automatic Direction Finder Market to Witness Huge Growth by 2025 | Leading Key Players- Rohde-schwarz, RHOTHETA, Taiyo, GEW
Home Bargains is selling matching elf pyjamas for the whole family  heres our pick of the best festive nightwear on the high-street
Orthopedic Braces Supports Market Share, Size, Trends and Global Forecast by Top Companies in the Industry
This naked Lothario seduces tourists and beds them in his CAVE  and heres what he thinks about British women
 2014 Shafaqna.com All Rights Reserved. Ireland News strongly believes in 'circulation of information' for public interest and we would therefore carefully use your material in a non-commercial way. Ireland News is just a News Reader using automatic input devices. Thus, the main publishers and sources are clearly responsible for their content.
Favorite Quote: Work like you don't need money, love like you've never been hurt, and dance like no one's watching.
Clinical Diabetes provides primary care physicians and other health care professionals with information on advances and state-of-the-art care for people with diabetes. Each issue contains one or more feature articles on the latest trends and innovations in diabetes care and treatment, as well as mini-reviews of landmark studies, practical treatment pointers, and best practices related to diabetes care.
Copyright  19952016, American Diabetes Association. All rights reserved. Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Powered byCreate a forum |  phpBB | Free forum support | Contact | Report an abuse | Forumotion.com
Overwhelmed?! Who isnt these days. But we still have to get all of our projects done on time. How do we do that without going insane? By adhering to the 3 secrets of the proven warp-speed development methodology QRPD(r): Quality Rapid Product Development, including its 4 Oxymoronsseeming contradictions that actually make sense. Only by working in new ways will we keep up with the frantic global, pace of todays world and succeed sanely!
This booklet presents the cornerstones of Quality Rapid Product Development which cuts development times and costs typically by 50 percent, while increasing quality, morale, and fun. It explains how to engage the three secrets of QRPD and thereby finish projects and/or develop products in half the time every time. Make it so!
From the time we convened and said, Lets make an Intellipad, to the time we shipped was 7 months. If we had done it the old way, it would have taken a year and a half.
Two independent companies can successfully join forces in a strategic partnership to create a product or service that will benefit both companies. The respective Project Managers can utilize QRPD deliverables and techniques to create a truly synergistic project team, successfully address the unique risks associated with these partnerships, and ultimately deliver a product that neither could have done alone.
Former Vice-President of Engineering, CellNet Data Systems, acquired by Schlumberger for about $500 million
Germany: HeidelbergCement and Aachen University of Applied Sciences (RWTH Aachen) have started a three-year research project CO2MIN that started on 1 June 2017 examining the absorption of CO2 from flue gas by olivine and basalt. The intention is that the carbonised minerals could be used as a value-added additive in the production of building materials. HeidelbergCement and RWTH are supported by the Potsdam Institute for Advanced Sustainability Studies (IASS) and the Dutch start-up Green Minerals. The Federal Ministry of Education and Research (BMBF) is funding the project with Euro3m.
"We are already reducing the CO2 emissions of our plants very successfully by using alternative fuels and raw materials and by optimising the efficiency of our kilns," said Jan Theulen, Director of Alternative Resources at HeidelbergCement. He added that binding CO2 in minerals was one approach the company was exploring to reduce its emissions further.
In the first year the research project will focus on the investigation of different minerals in small-scale experiments. The carbonation of the most suitable minerals will then be tested under process conditions in the second year. The experiments will be conducted by the institute of Process Metallurgy and Metal Recycling (IME), which is the coordinator of the RWTH group. Life-cycle assessments (RWTH) as well as analyses of economic aspects and social acceptance (IASS) complete this project phase. In the third year, marketability and acceptance will be further optimised through intensive cooperation with customers.
Italy: Buzzi Unicem says that a cyberattack on its information systems could delay its interim accounting closings and related financial disclosures. The attack, believed to be the Petya ransomware virus, which originated in the Ukraine where the producer operates two cement plants, has caused problems in managing and administrating its processes. Buzzi said that it is taking all necessary measures to restore its systems but was unable to provide a recovery timescale.
Bhutan: Manufacturers fear that Indias Goods and Services Tax (GST) may reduce exports of cement. Input costs such as coal and limestone may fall in India when rates decrease following the introduction of the new tax regime on 1 July 2017 said Naman Sidarth of the Ims Taxo service in a presentation to the Bhutan Chamber of Commerce and Industry (BCCI), according to the Kuensel newspaper. India is the main target of cement exports from Bhutan and it has previously benefited from the differing taxes implemented between its states. The new GST will amalgamate taxes levied by the central and state governments.
Canada: NovaAlgoma Cement Carriers (NACC) Canadian subsidiary has been awarded a long-term time charter agreement with Lafarge Canada, for the provision of a modern pneumatic cement carrier early in 2018. A bulk carrier owned by NACC will be converted into a pneumatic cement carrier. It will have maximum cargo deadweight in excess of 12,500t. The conversion process is expected to take around 10 months.
The vessel will primarily carry cement from Lafarge Canada's cement plant in Bath, Ontario to distribution facilities throughout the Great Lakes but the vessel will be capable of other services for Lafarge. NACC Shipping Canada will operate and manage the vessel in Canada. No duration for the contract has been released.
Bolivia: Itacambas Yacuses cement plant in Germn Busch province has installed several electric motors from Brazils WEG. The scope of supply included W22 IP66 low voltage motors and medium voltage slip ring motors with a brush lifting system for continuous operation. Although WEG did not specify the exact application of the motors these products are usually used in drive mills, crushers and fans at cement plants.
Itacamba is a joint venture between Brazils Votorantim and Spains Molins. WEG has previously supplied its motors with the brush lifting system to several cement plants operated by Votorantim.
Belgium: The European Commission has cleared a proposed merger between Brazils Magnesita and Austrias RHI Group subject to the divestment of a number of production sites in Europe. Magnesita is required to sell its plant in Oberhausen, Germany along with its Oberhausen business in the European Economic Area (EEA). RHI is required to sell its dolomite business in the EEA including plants in Maroni, Italy, and Lugones, Spain. Magnesita and RHI said they are speaking to potential buyers at present.
With todays milestone, we have come significantly closer to the planned merger with Magnesita  and thus a globally leading company in the refractory industry which optimally combines the strengths of both companies, explains Stefan Borgas, chief executive officer (CEO) of RHI and designated CEO of the future RHI-Magnesita Group.
Outstanding approvals required to complete the merger include that from the Brazilian Antitrust Authorities and the approval of the cross-border merger, of RHI AG with its subsidiary RHI MAG NV in the Netherlands, by the RHI General Meeting.
Exitefx is a new site design has a wide range of sections where you can share, expose, criticize, discuss the design, and others to exit the same
this is a controversial and flamboyant site because it has a staff unorthodox and this makes the environment more fun
Bedford TM 4x4 tanker trucks are fitted with 4x 2,500L High Quality Brand New Polyeurothane Tanks, they are linked together in series with a rear water shoot onto a spray plate to spray water. Fitted onto a de-mountable body with lifting slots in the frame. Fitted with a PTO pump.
We can supply all spare parts for these trucks including, engines, gearboxes, axles, prop shafts, filters etc.
The basic form of both vehicles is a flat bed cargo vehicle capable of carrying standard NATO ammunition or other stores-carrying pallets. For this role both vehicles can be fitted with self-loading hydraulic cranes located behind the cab. Standard shelters or workshop bodies may also be carried. Drop sides and a tailgate can be added to convert the vehicles into general load carriers. Seating for personnel may also be fitted, however these heavy trucks are usually found moving NATO standard pallets, containers or fuel.
Hollywood director/USAAF officer William Wyler wasn't the only person shooting film of 8th AF bomber operationsthere were other combat camera units/individuals also active. Some were assigned to specific organizations, and I'd like to find the names of those working with the 94th Bomb Group in the summer of 1943.
8th AF Fighter Command narrative May 28, 1944 Ivo de Jong Allied and Soviet Air Forces 0 14th December 2013 22:31
Breakdown losses of 8th AF fighters by type CJE Allied and Soviet Air Forces 7 25th September 2012 14:25
The International DJ Guild has 3 of its top members, DJ Black Angus (Boston), DJ Shane Digital (NYC) and DJ Mic Rage (Long Island) arriving in Atlantic City on Friday August 10th in preparation for a special after hours party on Tuesday, August 14th during the International DJ Expo in A.C. All 3 of these DJs are experienced in all manner of engagements and regularly do corporate, wedding, sweet 16, block parties, beach parties, nightclub, bar and underground. They have a wealth of experience and a diverse collection of material for ANY crowd.
We are offering the services of all 3 DJs for an evening for [price negotiable] in order to offset the expenses of this promotional venture during the expo. They are available for day or evening events on Friday the 10th, Saturday the 11th & Sunday the 12th. Monday is tentatively booked but may be available for daytime events.
We will be traveling with a full DJ rig and sound system for party, outdoor or unconventional locations.
Need good support for 40 lb ELR outfit. Never even seen a F class in person, only pictures. What should I look for when making this decision?
Check out the Phoenix or Evo F-TR model bipods. I think they will offer all you need in an ELR bipod. These are buy once cry once bipods but they are among the most stable and HD models available.
The carbon Evo works very well on heavy rifles, have a couple friends running them on heavy 338AI and 375whatwhats. I use the same bipod but my rifles top out around 20lb
I guess I must agree that the most expensive rest is the one that is the safest for ELR and heavy weapons. Since I have not even seen a f class bipod, how do I know what vertical adjustment will be required to shoot events at several western shoots when I have not been to one yet, Do I have to pay Rempel price for a suitable rig? How do I know the Rempel is sufficient for my extreme range needs for a 40 lb rifle?
also have a question. if uneven ground left to right and the legs are leveled, do subsequent elevation changes increase the height by the same amount, maintaining level? Remember I have never seen one.
I'm a phoenix fan but I'm sure the 3 mentioned bipods are all very sufficient for the task. Hell, I'm sure the Sinclair F class bipod will get it done just fine. It's what your pocket book can handle in many cases.
if uneven ground left to right and the legs are leveled, do subsequent elevation changes increase the height by the same amount, maintaining level?
I use a remple in ELR comps and honestly the Phoenix is a better option due to the floating ski set up when at longer ranges, but with a small modification the remple can have half moon skis on it and serve the same as the Phoenix, the locking feature of the remple is nice usually with the 5 degree angle on the butt it still warrants a 0.5 mil up or down adjustment in elevation when needed. Cont go wrong with either but the Phoenix has a new adjustment handle for ease of adjustment with longer forended stocks and chassis and with an 18 forend it is really nice not having to break position when on the clock.
Quite a few Phoenix bipods at the king of 2 mile comp last year. This last winter I bought a Phoenix and a JoyPod. If you don't have control over the surface you're putting the bipod on, I would think the Phoenix would be better. The JoyPod is definitely lighter though if oz count
Fat Prophets Global Property Fund (ASX: FPP) is an ASX listed Investment Trust investing in listed global real estate equity opportunities in developed markets around the world.
Bedroom Apartments For Rent Victoria Bc is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Woodstock Apartments Fort Worth Tx is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
This forum can be used by individuals who wish to post links or reviews about wet shaving merchandisers. It can also be used by businesses who wish to promote their goods or post special offers!
in well-known countries. If a rustic just isn't listed, it truly is since Alexa does not have plenty of knowledge for This website to rank/evaluate
The percentage of website traffic, each absolutely free and paid, that arrive at This website from the search engine in the last three months, updated everyday. The transform number exhibits the primary difference versus the prior 3 thirty day period interval.
This visualization shows datasets by tag. Each bubble represents a tag and the size corresponds to the number of related datasets. When two bubbles overlap, this means they share a common tag. Navigate the menu to show tags on the basis of how many datasets are tagged with a term. For example, <100 will exclude tags that have more than 100 datasets. >100 will exclude tags that have less than 100 datasets. You may refine your results by adding filters, available in the menu below
The Accelerator Knowledge Portal (AKP) is IAEA's community driven website for the benefit of accelerator scientists, accelerator users and service providers worldwide. The knowledge portal offers not only a database of MV particle accelerators in the world, but it has several networking and community features in an attempt to bring together the accelerator community, as well as provide information to accelerator users and policy makers, too
Data are compiled mainly from the IAEA APID series and are IAEA recommended data at the time of their collection. With all the necessary numerical information, outputs give the description of the process and the full bibliographic reference.
AMBDAS is a database system to provide bibliographic atomic, molecular and plasma-material interactions data of interest to fusion research. It contains more than . references from more than scientific journals. All new AMBDAS entries are published once a year in the International Bulletin on Atomic and Molecular Data for Fusion.
All those working on topics related to atomic masses can thus keep the community informed (in a non-official way) on the latest developments of their own work. One of the goals assigned to the AMDC is to give progress reports on the " Atomic Mass Evaluation" AME and to put at the user's disposal the most recent atomic masses.
This is a wiki-style knowledge base on the relevant information for atomic, molecular and plasma-material interaction data for fusion applications. The knowledge base gives a short description on the data needs and data sources for fusion applications as well as special topics of IAEA Coordinated Research Projects, Workshops or other relevant activities.
Moreover, the ANSN is expected to be a platform for facilitating sustainable regional cooperation and for creating human networks and cyber communities among the specialists of those countries. A combination of knowledge network, regional cooperation and human networks will serve for enhancement of nuclear safety infrastructures in the participating countries, and serve eventually for ensuring and raising the safety levels of nuclear installations in the region.
The e-Learning course was developed to give a general knowledge on soil water and its measurement using nuclear and related techniques in soil water management and irrigation scheduling to enhance crop water productivity.
The information covers reactors of all sizes and stages of development for light water reactors, heavy water reactors, gas cooled reactors, fast reactors and innovative small- and medium-sized reactors. ARIS also includes reports on nuclear steam supply system, safety concept, plant performance, proliferation resistance, spent fuel and waste management, and also a complete list of technical data. The information is updated whenever there is any significant change on a specific design.
The Application of Safeguards TO Geological Repositories - ASTOR The main objective of the ASTOR Group of Experts is to support the IAEAs objective to obtain credible assurance that nuclear material and technology associated with geological disposal activities are not diverted from peaceful nuclear uses. This will be achieved through the provision of technical expertise and support in the development of safeguards procedures, measures and technologies to apply safeguards at geological repositories and associated facilities.
It contains information on completed and current projects in the area of Nuclear Legacy of the Cold War in the Russian Federation. The database provides information on the scope and status of the projects, results achieved, organisations and experts involved, relevant documents, reports, photos and web-links.
Two manuals in Postscript are available in this directory. These are:The NNDC Online Data Service Manual and the Citation Guidelines for Nuclear Data Retrieved from Databases Resident at Nuclear Data Centers Network.The Online Nuclear Data Service Manual (C.L. Dunford and T.W. Burrows. NNDC/ONL-/ and IAEA-NDS- Rev. /) has been divided into seven files. There is an additional unpublished document contained in this directory
The database contains evaluated cross sections for reactions induced by light charged-particles with incident energies up to several tens of MeV (maximum MeV). Production cross sections for the most important diagnostic radioisotopes are given, with reactions devoted to gamma emitters, and reactions devoted to positron emitters. Cross sections for beam monitor reactions are given for reactions induced by protons, deuterons, -He, and alpha particles.
CINDA Database, the Computer Index of Neutron Data, contains bibliographical references to measurements, calculations, reviews and evaluation of neutron cross-section and other microscopic neutron data, and spontaneous fission data. It includes also index references to computer libraries of numerical neutron data available from four regional neutron data centres.
It reviews the organizational and industrial aspects of nuclear power programs in participating countries, and provides information about the relevant legislative, regulatory and international frameworks in each country.
A Web-platform on Collaborating Centres (Scope, Listing and an short description on each collaborating centre). An IAEA Collaborating Centre is an institution designated by an IAEA Deputy Director General to assist the IAEA in implementing its programme through an agreed plan of work in a relevant area of nuclear science and technology.
The content is provided by the participants in the various networks. As of October , these communities include bDN, CGULS, DISPONET, ENVIRONET, ICT, IDN, LABONET, MSN, NKM, NNE, SFM and URF.
By bringing together research institutions in both developing and developed countries and sharing resources and expertise, the Coordinated Research Activity (CRA) programme helps foster the exchange of scientific and technical information while achieving a particular research agenda.
FAO, IAEA and IFDC jointly developed this DAPR website. The DAPR website is an interactive resource of information on the use of phosphatic fertilizers, in particular phosphates rock. It also includes a decision support system (DSS) integrating soil, crop, phosphate rock and site factors to predict their relative agronomic effectiveness and economic utilization, so that valuable information can be provided to resource managers including policy makers and farmers. The DAPR website also has a database of phosphate rocks containing the chemical properties of the rocks and their solubility values. It also has a list of phosphorus references/bibliography.
The Desalination Economic Evaluation Program DEEP is a tool made freely available by the International Atomic Energy Agency, which can be used for performance and cost evaluation of various power and water co-generation configurations. The new version, DEEP ., adds a new user interface emphasizing its user friendliness for both newcomers and experts.
The Directory of Radiotherapy Centres (DIRAC) is a continuous update, based on replies to questionnaires circulated by the IAEA among its Member States. It includes data not only on teletherapy machines, but also on sources and devices used in brachytherapy, and on equipment for dosimetry, patient dose calculation and quality assurance. Staff strength at the installations (radiation oncologists, medical physicists, technicians, etc.) is included as well.
Regulatory limits are given whenever available and supplementary information about the facility (country, geographical coordinates, water body into which radioactivity is released, number, names and types of installations) is also included. DIRATA serves to Member States as a technical means for reporting and reviewing within the framework of the Joint Convention on the Safety of Spent Fuel Management and on the Safety of Radioactive Waste Management.
The ENDF/B Pre-processing codes (PREPRO), is a collection of computer codes, which are designed to convert ENDF/B formatted neutron and/or photon data from the original distributed form to a form in which the data can be used in applications. These codes also allow you to view the data.
Experimental and evaluated nuclear reaction data are compiled world-wide in EXFOR and in ENDF format, respectively (see documents IAEA-NDS- and IAEA-NDS-). The ENDVER package can be used to convert EXFOR data into computational C format, display them and compare graphically with the contents of a specified evaluated data file. The package also contains utilities to retrieve selected materials from a master library in ENDF format, extract cross sections (including differential and double differential data) and output them in two-column PLOTTAB "curves" format.
The National Nuclear Data Center maintains and distributes various programs in support of the International Atomic Energy Agency sponsored Nuclear Structure and Decay Data Network. These programs generally use as input files in the Evaluated Nuclear Structure Data File (ENSDF) format.[]
It is aimed at facilitating the sharing and exchange of knowledge and experience amongst organizations and professionals involved with environmental remediation programmes. It constitutes a forum in which expertise, advice and technical guidance are provided. The content is provided by the participants in the Environet network.
The database contains evaluated data for half-lives, properties of ground and excited states of all nuclides and their decay characteristics. The database is used for production of the journal "Nuclear Data Sheets" and different application oriented files and libraries. IAEA Nuclear Data Section (NDS) coordinates the International Network of Nuclear Structure and Decay Data (NSDD)Evaluators by holding biennial meetings. NSDD evaluations for separate nuclides and mass chains of the nuclides prepared by the evaluators are introduced in the ENSDF database at the National Nuclear Data Center, BNL, USA for online access and published in the Nuclear Data Sheets journal .
The EXFOR library contains an extensive compilation of experimental nuclear reaction data. Neutron reactions have been compiled systematically since the discovery of the neutron, while charged particle and photon reactions have been covered less extensively. The library contains data from more than , experiments. IAEA Nuclear Data Section is collecting experimental nuclear physics data (numerical tables with experimental description) from laboratory reports, journal articles and unpublished literature for inclusion in EXFOR. Transmission files are received from co-operating centres of the international network of reaction data centres (NRDC)and are added to database after quality control at IAEA.
FCRIS provides information relating to food contaminants, residues plus chemical and toxicological data on pesticides and veterinary drugs as well as methods of analysis fit for residue surveillance programs.
Participants at the Technical Meeting in October/November (INDC(NDS)-) defined the objectives of the CRP which were the updating and extension of FENDL-. to make it applicable to both fusion devices such as ITER and DEMO and to material test facilities such as IFMIF and these FENDL- data files are available to users by downloading
This Guideline provides guidance and assessment on soil water sensing in terms of Methods, Instrumentation and Sensor Technology under laboratory and field conditions.
Through this system, particpating Member States share operational experiences to improve the safety of fuel cycle facilities. Please go to WBFINAS-ContactPoint@iaea.org to obtain access to FINAS.
It provides information on facilities that irradiate food intended for human consumption. The information includes the facility name, address, country and the type of radiation used (gamma, electron beam or x-ray). Contact details are also provided, including e-mail and website addresses where available.
In judging the adequacy of the nuclear data used as input to design-relevant neutron transport calculations, one finds that there is a very complex relationship between the accuracy of the input data and the accuracy of the calculated results. We conclude that GANDR is now fully practical on a modern computer in the desktop class. A major outcome of this development work is that a functioning and practical prototype of the GANDR system is now available in the IAEA Nuclear Data Section.
In order to obtain access to GovAtom, new users need to undertake the following:Fill in the GovAtom registration form, which is availablehere.Send the registration form, duly authorized (signed and stamped by the Permanent Mission of the Member State concerned), to the Agency. The form can be sent either digitally (to the Agency's official email address:Official.Mail@iaea.org), or via post to the following address: International Atomic Energy Agency Vienna International Centre PO Box Vienna, Austria De-registration (form availablehere) should be completed when individuals with GovAtom access leave the Permanent Mission or the competent authority.
One of the primary purposes of GSAN is to deliver Safety Assessment Education and Training (SAET). The SAET module of GSAN provides general and detailed training in topics of safety assessment.
It is one of the tools used by the Division of Human Health to achieve its mission, which is "To Enhance the Capabilities in Member States to Address Needs Related to the Prevention, Diagnosis and Treatment of Health Problems through the Application of Nuclear Techniques". The Division of Human Health aims at becoming a "Learning Organization" in ways that foster a collaborative learning environment among all participants.
This is a workshop on further needs in the area of Management Systems, Safety Culture, Leadership and Preoperational stages of Nuclear Projects taken at the technical meeting in April at the IAEA in Vienna, Austria
Furthermore, it provides links directly to the electronic resources; access to electronic resources from the Catalogue is available only for authorized Library users. The catalogue contains more than , records. The subject scope covers Chemistry and Materials, Earth Sciences, Life and Environmental Sciences, Nuclear Safety/Radiation Protection and Environment/Waste Safety, Radiology and Nuclear Medicine, Isotopes, Isotopes and Radiological Applications, Nuclear Engineering/Fission Reactors/Waste Management, Nuclear Physics, Nuclear Safeguards and other aspects of nuclear energy: economic, social and legal. Outside researchers wishing to consult the Library's collection may apply for access.
The target group is Trainers in NPP regulation and operations. Two DVDs with Video-Synchronized Power Point Presentations can be requested via this link.
Data collection is a result of merging SigmaBase and NRABASE. It contains most of the available experimental nuclear cross-sections relevant to Ion Beam Analysis. All efforts were made to ensure that the most accurate information was adopted, no guarantee can be given concerning the full validity of the data, and the IAEA accepts no responsibility for usage of IBANDL. Maintaining IBANDL as a dynamically developing collection of the IBA nuclear data significantly depends on the activity of all members of the IBA community. Contributions to IBANDL are welcomed.
The system includes data on sources, the devices housing the sources, and details of manufacturers and suppliers worldwide. If at any time you require more information, please write to ICSRS Contact point.
Information on disinfestation and sterilization, where available, is shown together for each pest species and is accessed through a single search function. IDIDAS entities follow a formal classification of pests descending from Class through Order, Family and Genus to Species and may be accessed through a Taxonomic Tree.
It provides information on the types of food that can be irradiated for human consumption in the countries specified. The information includes country, food class and recommended dose limit.
The INIS collection is freely available world-side since . It offers online access to over . million bibliographic references and , full-text documents. It includes references and abstracts of journal articles, scientific and technical reports, conference papers, books, patents, nuclear laws, regulations, theses and web documents. The scope of the INIS collection covers all areas of activities of the IAEA, including nuclear engineering and technology, nuclear safety and radiation protection, safeguards and non-proliferation, applications of nuclear and isotope techniques, nuclear and high energy physics, nuclear and radiation chemistry, nuclear applications in life sciences, legal aspects, and environmental and economic aspects of nuclear and non-nuclear energy sources.
ITEM MOVED TO ARCHIVE: On April 30, 2018 2:59 pm, Fashion Stylist Online noted this item may be out of stock at Farfetch US because it was not referenced in their latest online catalog. If this item is out of stock at Farfetch US, you may be able to find similar fashions sold there or elsewhere on our Undercover Designer Brand Directory.
This item was published for sale online by Farfetch US on April 30, 2018 1:46 pm and last updated by us April 30, 2018 2:59 pm.
New promo codes and links offering limited time promotions, sales coupons, and special offers on Undercover designer fashions and accessories will be posted on each designer label apparel page. For the latest up to date information on this Undercover Ribbed Beanie Grey | Skullcap, Cap, Hat And Accessory fashion item, including product specifications, ordering options, pricing, shipping details, high resolution pictures, shopper comments, and other sales media, visit the Farfetch US Online Store.
Target Brainstorm One of the hardest program to come up with a sufficient amount of functional targets for in an
Verbal Behavior is behavior that is mediated by another person and includes talking, sign language, using an AAC device, and
Manding and Natural Environment Teaching (NET) are essential parts of an ABA program. Children with autism who are not talking
Educate yourself and learn what exactly a quality ABA program entails. As with any field there are a range of professionals and you want to make sure you choose the right one that is going to provide your child with an effective, ethical program. Know what you are looking for before you go to the next step.
At the very minimum the person you hire to set up your childs ABA program should be a board certified behavior analyst (BCBA). The BCBA will design and oversee your childs program. You can learn more about the certification and search on for a BCBA here. Dually certified BCBA and speech language pathologists are unique as they have expertise and training in both speech and language and applied behavior analysis. For me, the combination has brought so much value to the quality of my work. Make sure you know what you want and what you want to ask the person you are considering.
After you find a BCBA, you will need to hire an instructor for the BCBA to train. Parents I have worked with have had success finding instructors through local universities and posting jobs on Facebook groups such as this one and this one.
The consultant you choose to work with may ask for you to purchase certain items prior to starting the program. Here is a checklist I use with my clients.
The BCBA will conduct an assessment of your child to determine what skills need to be targeted in the program. The assessment will often include an observation of your child, direct work with your child, and parental interview. These are the two assessments I typically use:
After the BCBA completes the assessment, he or she should recommend a specific program for your child. This should include written goals with specific objectives and if applicable, formal behavior intervention plans. Training should focus on teaching the instructors and/or parents to implement the program as designed. This should entail plenty of hands on practice with your child and shaping the person who is working with the childs behavior to become an effective therapist. Also, training should include instruction on how to take data and graph the data to measure the childs progress.
I base my ABA trainings for instructors and parents on Behavioral Skills Training (BST). Behavioral skills training is a method used to teach someone a new skill. This includes instruction, modeling, behavioral rehearsal and feedback. Here is a great article on Behavioral Skills Training.
After the initial training is completed, the BCBA should recommend a schedule for follow up and supervision for the person working with the child. This may occur anywhere from once a week to once every other month depending on the skills of the person working with the child.
This is not necessarily a step, but the most successful programs I consult for are the ones in which at least one of the parents is closely involved in the childs day to day sessions. Some parents I work with help plan natural environment teaching (NET) activities with the instructor, prepare materials for NET activities instructors have planned so no time is wasted and the sessions run smoothly, and some parents even take the data and graph! In my experience, this level of involvement adds significant value and increases the quality of the childs program.
Posted in: Parents of Children with Autism, Starting an ABA program Filed under: ABA, Autism, Expatriate Autism, Parents of Children with Autism, Verbal Behavior
First difference is in the area of omega-6 fatty acid metabolism. Whereas EPA is the inhibitor of the enzyme (D5D) that directly produces AA, DHA is an inhibitor of another key enzyme delta-6-desaturase (D6D) that produces the first metabolite from linoleic acid known as gamma linolenic acid or GLA (6). However, this is not exactly an advantage. Even though reduction of GLA will eventually decrease AA production, it also has the more immediate effect of reducing the production of the next metabolite known as dihomo gamma linolenic acid or DGLA. This can be a disaster as a great number of powerful anti-inflammatory eicosanoids are derived from DGLA. This is why if you use high-dose DHA it is essential to add back trace amounts of GLA to maintain sufficient levels of DGLA to continue to produce anti-inflammatory eicosanoids.
Those foods provide enormous amounts of other nutrients that are good for you. nSo it is way better to eat those foods than to take fish oil. With that said, some people find it very difficult to get vitamin A or vitamin D, and particularly for vitamin A, cod liver oil may be a very important source of that vitamin. Cod liver oil is a form of fish oil that happens to be high in the fat-soluble vitamins. Vitamin A is best found in liver. Its better in my opinion to eat liver once a week, but there are a lot of people out there who are not going to eat liver once a week. So if you are using cod liver oil to get the vitamins that you cant get from foodand I should point out that vitamin A can also be derived from plant foods, but many people genetically or for other reasons dont derive it very well from plant foods.
High blood pressure. Fish oil seems to slightly lower blood pressure in people with moderate to very high blood pressure. Some types of fish oil might also reduce blood pressure in people with slightly high blood pressure, but results are inconsistent. Fish oil seems to add to the effects of some, but not all, blood pressure-lowering medications. However, it doesn't seem to reduce blood pressure in people with uncontrolled blood pressure who are already taking blood pressure-lowering medications.
The various enzymes (COX and LOX) that make inflammatory eicosanoids can accommodate both AA and EPA, but again due to the greater spatial size of DHA, these enzymes will have difficulty in converting DHA into eicosanoids. This makes DHA a poor substrate for these key inflammatory enzymes. Thus DHA again has little effect on cellular inflammation whereas EPA can have a powerful impact.
Drugs.com provides accurate and independent information on more than 24,000 prescription drugs, over-the-counter medicines and natural products. This material is provided for educational purposes only and is not intended for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Data sources include Micromedex (updated Oct 1st, 2018), Cerner Multum (updated Oct 2nd, 2018), Wolters Kluwer (updated Oct 2nd, 2018) and others. To view content sources and attributions, please refer to our editorial policy.
A lot of the benefit of fish oil seems to come from the omega-3 fatty acids that it contains. Interestingly, the body does not produce its own omega-3 fatty acids. Nor can the body make omega-3 fatty acids from omega-6 fatty acids, which are common in the Western diet. A lot of research has been done on EPA and DHA, two types of omega-3 acids that are often included in fish oil supplements.
A report by the Harvard Medical School studied five popular brands of fish oil, including Nordic Ultimate, Kirkland and CVS. They found that the brands had "negligible amounts of mercury, suggesting either that mercury is removed during the manufacturing of purified fish oil or that the fish sources used in these commercial preparations are relatively mercury-free".[66]
The human body can make most of the types of fats it needs from other fats or raw materials. That isnt the case for omega-3 fatty acids (also called omega-3 fats and n-3 fats). These are essential fatsthe body cant make them from scratch but must get them from food. Foods high in Omega-3 include fish, vegetable oils, nuts (especially walnuts), flax seeds, flaxseed oil, and leafy vegetables.
I've done a lot of research on fish oil and Body Vega meets all of the important criteria. They have recommended levels of EPA and DHA and it is molecularly distilled, pharmaceutical grade. The price is reasonable and there are no fishy burps. I tried another brand in the past that met the criteria, but got tired of the fishy burps. I switched to Body Vega a few months ago and have been pleased. So yes, you can find an excellent fish oil without tasting it 30 minutes later. Another good thing about this fish oil compared to one I've tried in the past is that you only need 2 daily capsules compared to 3 with the other brand I tried.
Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) found primarily in fish oil, this is the ultimate form of fatty acid in humans. Most people get far too little of this all-important fatty acid, especially since the conversion of ALA to DHA is slow and minimally yielding. Getting a daily dose of of DHA (600 to 1000 mg) from supplements is preferable to reap the health benefits. You have a choice of taking a fish oil supplement or one derived from algae or krill, a shrimp-like crustacean.
The 'essential' fatty acids were given their name when researchers found that they are essential to normal growth in young children and animals. The omega3 fatty acid DHA, also known as docosahexaenoic acid, is found in high abundance in the human brain.[70] It is produced by a desaturation process, but humans lack the desaturase enzyme, which acts to insert double bonds at the 6 and 3 position.[70] Therefore, the 6 and 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids cannot be synthesized and are appropriately called essential fatty acids.[70]
Most leafy green vegetables have significant amounts of omega-3, and spinach is no exception. Despite its villainous reputation, raw spinach actually has a mild flavor, making it an ideal base for salads or a crunchy addition to sandwiches. Many people add spinach to eggs, soups, or pasta dishes without impacting flavor. If youre dealing with a particularly picky eater, though, try some of the recipes in Jessica Seinfelds Deceptively Delicious  her spinach and carrot brownies are tasty, healthy, and chocolaty to boot!
Omega-3 fatty acids have been found to play a role in atherosclerosis and peripheral arterial disease (PAD). It is thought that both EPA and DHA improve plaque stability, decrease endothelial activation, and improve vascular permeability, thereby decreasing the chance of experiencing a cardiovascular event (41). It was found that EPA supplementation is associated with significantly higher amounts of EPA in the carotid plaque than placebo (P < 0.0001), which may lead to decreased plaque inflammation and increased stability (42). PAD, a manifestation of atherosclerosis, is characterized by buildup of plaque in the arteries of the leg and can eventually lead to complete blockage of the arteries. EPA+DHA supplementation has been shown to improve endothelial function in patients with PAD by decreasing plasma levels of soluble thrombomodulin from a median value of 33.0 g/L to 17.0 g/L (P = 0.04) and improve brachial artery flowmediated dilation from 6.7% to 10.0% (P = 0.02) (43). Patients who had PAD and were supplemented with EPA experienced a significantly lower major coronary event HR than those who did not take EPA (HR: 0.44; 95% CI: 0.190.97; P = 0.041) (44).
The omega-3 index may also be helpful for assessing health risks beyond cardiovascular disease. Studies are currently investigating the relationship between omega-3 index levels and mental health issues, like depression (15, 16, 17), cognitive functioning (18, 19), body weight (20), as well as eye health issues, like macular degeneration (21), to name just a few.
What about blood clotting? Circulating cells called platelets are critical in causing your blood to clot. When platelets are activated, they aggregate and cause clots. If these clots occur in particularly sensitive regions of your body, they can lead to a heart attack or stroke. EPA reduces platelet activation, an early step in platelet aggregation to help to reduce clotting. One study found that EPA was superior to DHA in decreasing platelet activation, a precursor to blood clotting.1
Infant development. There is some evidence that mothers who eat fish or take fish oil supplements during pregnancy may improve some aspects of their baby's mental development. Taking fish oil during breast-feeding does not have this effect. However, feeding infants formula fortified with fish oil appears to improve some aspect of the baby's vision by the age of 2 months.
Metagenics offers a wide range of educational opportunities including webinars, group meetings, and seminars as part of our commitment to continuing functional medicine education. Our goal is to give our practitioners further insight to help address their patients unique health needs for a higher level of personalized, lifetime wellness care. We have been sharing this ever-growing body of nutritional and lifestyle research for over 25 years.
Soy can get a bad rap  and may indeed cause problems for people with certain food sensitivities  but this delicious bean is one of the most powerful (and versatile) ways to add omega-3 to your diet. Whole soybeans (known as edamame) are a favorite protein-packed snack for vegetarians; more processed forms (including tofu, soy milk, and soybean-based cooking oil) make soy infinitely more accessible. For some ideas, check out the 1998 classic, The Whole Soy Cookbook, which outlines how to cook with soy-based products ranging from miso to tempeh and beyond.
A Pregnancy Prerequisite: Omega-3 fatty acids directly affect brain development, making it crucial for expectant mothers. Additionally, research indicates they decrease a mother's risk of depression. When the mother doesn't have enough of these essential fatty acids, the baby borrows from her. Some prenatal vitamins now include omega-3s, so be sure to check the label or grab a handful of walnuts each day.
This idea has since been pretty discredited; we really dont know if the Eskimos got heart disease or not, said Malden C. Nesheim, emeritus professor of nutrition at Cornell University, who chaired an Institute of Medicine committee assessing the risks and benefits of seafood in the early 2000s. Ive been an omega-3 skeptic since doing this study.
Dr. Holub has provided the questions and answers for several emails he has received over the years regarding omega-3 fatty acids for health. If you have a question regarding omega-3, it is likely that Dr. Holub has answered it either here in this section, or elsewhere on the site (e.g. check the scientific overview section for general questions regarding omega-3). To quickly find your answer, please use our search bar located in the top right section of this page. After searching our site, and you still cannot find the answer to your question, we invite you to ask Dr. Holub a question here.
An excessive dosage of fish oil can have adverse allergies and side effects on the body. Furthermore, fish oil can be problematic if you have certain conditions so it is necessary to consume fish oil supplements cautiously. Moreover, it can be consumed in various forms. These include eating the fish directly by baking, roasting, frying, grilling, broiling, or smoking it. It can also be consumed in the form of concentrated dietary supplements like liquid, tablet, capsule, pill, or soft gels. Also, there are various pharmaceutical grades of the oil. It is not necessary to constantly consume pharmaceutical-grade oil or even supplements. You should also consult your doctor to confirm the mode of consuming fish oil and the overall need for it in your diet.
Finally, it is often assumed since there are not high levels of EPA in the brain, that it is not important for neurological function. Actually it is key for reducing neuro-inflammation by competing against AA for access to the same enzymes needed to produce inflammatory eicosanoids. However, once EPA enters into the brain it is rapidly oxidized (2,3). This is not the case with DHA (4). The only way to control cellular inflammation in the brain is to maintain high levels of EPA in the blood. This is why all the work on depression, ADHD, brain trauma, etc. have demonstrated EPA to be superior to DHA (5).
Researchers are taking a hard look at a different sort of balance, this one between possible effects of marine and plant omega-3 fats on prostate cancer. Results from the Health Professionals Follow-up Study and others show that men whose diets are rich in EPA and DHA (mainly from fish and seafood) are less likely to develop advanced prostate cancer than those with low intake of EPA and DHA. (6) At the same time, some-but not all-studies show an increase in prostate cancer and advanced prostate cancer among men with high intakes of ALA (mainly from supplements). However, this effect is inconsistent. In the very large Prostate, Lung, Colorectal, and Ovarian (PLCO) Cancer Screening Trial, for example, there was no link between ALA intake and early, late, or advanced prostate cancer. (7)
In lab experiments, animals given krill showed improved navigation skills. What this means is that they achieved higher levels of cognition and memory required to navigate complex territory.28 In addition, research shows that animals supplemented with krill oil showed significantly fewer signs of depression and resignation. This improvement in mood was equivalent to the effect of the prescription anti-depressant drug imipramine (Tofranil).29
The American Heart Association (AHA) recommends that everyone eats fish (particularly fatty, coldwater fish) at least twice a week. Salmon, mackerel, herring, sardines, lake trout, and tuna are especially high in omega-3 fatty acids. While foods are your best bet for getting omega-3s in your diet, fish oil supplements are also available for those who do not like fish. The heart-healthy benefits of regular doses of fish oil supplements are unclear, so talk to your doctor to see if they're right for you. If you have heart disease or high triglyceride levels, you may need even more omega-3 fatty acids. Ask your doctor if you should take higher doses of fish oil supplements to get the omega-3s you need.
Recent studies have shown that the consumption of fish oil (or, more specifically, the omega-3 fatty acids found in fish oil) can improve fertility in both men and women. DHA, which is a byproduct of omega-3 fatty acids, plays a key role in the mobility of sperm and health of sperm in men. Low blood levels of DHA have been linked to decreased fertility. Animal studies have found that the DHA in fish is vital to changing dysfunctional round-headed sperm into strong swimmers with cone-shaped heads packed with egg-opening proteins. (29)
The bottom line of all that is that there was no clear health benefit from consuming omega-3 fatty acids in food or supplements. There was a suggestion of a possible benefit from LCn3 on cardiac events, but this did not hold up when they took into consideration the quality of the evidence. The better trials, with less risk of bias, tended to be negative.
The American Heart Association (AHA) has made recommendations for EPA and DHA due to their cardiovascular benefits: individuals with no history of coronary heart disease or myocardial infarction should consume oily fish two times per week; and "Treatment is reasonable" for those having been diagnosed with coronary heart disease. For the latter the AHA does not recommend a specific amount of EPA + DHA, although it notes that most trials were at or close to 1000 mg/day. The benefit appears to be on the order of a 9% decrease in relative risk.[106] The European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) approved a claim "EPA and DHA contributes to the normal function of the heart" for products that contain at least 250 mg EPA + DHA. The report did not address the issue of people with pre-existing heart disease. The World Health Organization recommends regular fish consumption (1-2 servings per week, equivalent to 200 to 500 mg/day EPA + DHA) as protective against coronary heart disease and ischaemic stroke.
The most widely available dietary source of EPA and DHA is cold-water oily fish, such as salmon, herring, mackerel, anchovies, and sardines. Oils from these fish have a profile of around seven times as much omega-3 oils as omega-6 oils. Other oily fish, such as tuna, also contain omega-3 in somewhat lesser amounts. Although fish is a dietary source of omega-3 oils, fish do not synthesize them; they obtain them from the algae (microalgae in particular) or plankton in their diets.[22]
(How much omega-3 is necessary to increase ones omega-3 index? Studies show it can take between 1800  2000 mg of EPA/DHA daily to move a persons index by 4  5 percentage points (12). Importantly, this is a much larger dose than youd get swallowing one or two regular fish oil capsules and could well explain why many traditional omega-3 products fail to deliver results.)
ALA is an essential fatty acid, meaning that your body cant make it, so you must get it from the foods and beverages you consume. Your body can convert some ALA into EPA and then to DHA, but only in very small amounts. Therefore, getting EPA and DHA from foods (and dietary supplements if you take them) is the only practical way to increase levels of these omega-3 fatty acids in your body.
The supplements contain omega-3 fatty acids, the polyunsaturated oils prominent in fatty cold water fish like salmon, sardines and mackerel. In many observational studies, people who regularly consumed fish two or more times a week were less likely to suffer heart attacks, strokes and cardiovascular deaths than those who ate fish infrequently or not at all.
The current American diet has changed over time to be high in SFA and low in omega-3 fatty acids (12). This change in eating habits is centered on fast food containing high amounts of saturated fat, which has small amounts of essential omega-3 PUFA compared with food prepared in the home (13). Seafood sources such as fish and fish-oil supplements are the primary contributors of the 2 biologically important dietary omega-3 fatty acids, EPA and DHA (1416). This low intake of dietary EPA and DHA is thought to be associated with increased inflammatory processes as well as poor fetal development, general cardiovascular health, and risk of the development of Alzheimer's disease (AD).
In some cases, fish oil pills may cause loose stools, nausea, diarrhea, and decreased appetite, fat in the stools, vomiting or constipation. These side effects can be minimized by taking a fish oil capsule that is coated, which is designed to help eliminate the "fish burps" many users complain about. Starting with low doses of the supplement and working up to a full dose can also help minimize side effects. You can also pair fish oil supplements with meals so that they enter your body more slowly, minimizing the risk of side effects occurring.
Weve already seen that fish oil can help with depression-like symptoms in rats, but what about people? A study published in the journal Nutritional Neuroscience evaluated the effects of fish oil supplementation on prefrontal metabolite concentrations in adolescents with major depressive disorder. Researchers found that there was a 40 percent decrease in major depression disorder symptoms in addition to marked improvements in amino acid and nutrition content in the brain, specifically, the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. (21)
It is well known that fish oil has the ability to improve vision. It also helps in avoiding age-related macular degeneration. The National Eye Institute at the National Institute of Health in the United States plans to conduct a nationwide study to evaluate the effect of fish oil in treating macular degeneration. This study will provide strong scientific evidence regarding the benefits of fish oil for eye care, thereby allowing government agencies and physicians to strongly recommend fish oil for macular degeneration.
2. Omega-3 normalizes and regulates your cholesterol triglyceride levels. Compared to a statin, both fish oil and krill oil are more efficient in doing this. According to a study comparing the efficiency of krill and fish oils in reducing triglyceride levels,7 both oils notably reduced the enzyme activity that causes the liver to metabolize fat, but krill had a more pronounced effects, reducing liver triglycerides significantly more.
We are now fortunate to understand how these fats work in combination and in isolation, how they are digested, absorbed and utilised in the body, so we are able to tailor different blends of EPA and DHA according to the health benefits we are seeking to achieve. At Igennus, we have long specialised in the role of the omega-3 fatty acid EPA in clinical nutrition, as a powerful tool in the patients toolkit for helping to regulate inflammation by restoring several biological markers, known as the omega-6 to omega-3 ratio and AA to EPA ratio. Before we discuss the therapeutic role of EPA in nutritional medicine, heres a very brief summary of the role of both EPA and DHA in health throughout life.
Fish oil has only a small benefit on the risk of premature birth.[43][44] A 2015 meta-analysis of the effect of omega3 supplementation during pregnancy did not demonstrate a decrease in the rate of preterm birth or improve outcomes in women with singleton pregnancies with no prior preterm births.[45] A systematic review and meta-analysis published the same year reached the opposite conclusion, specifically, that omega3 fatty acids were effective in "preventing early and any preterm delivery".[46]
Some high-quality omega-3 supplements will have lower amounts than EPA/DHA but accompany them with digestive enzymes. While it looks counterintuitive on a nutrition label, this is often done because there is debate about how much of the omega-3s you actually absorb from supplements when taken alone. By coupling omega-3s with a digestive enzyme blend, you are likely able to absorb more of the nutrient without having to consume as many grams.
Maternal nutrition guidelines have always stressed a diet including sufficient caloric and protein requirements, but recently fatty acids have also been deemed important (17). This is partially due to the fact that EPA and DHA supplementation during pregnancy has been associated with multiple benefits for the infant (Table 1). During pregnancy, the placenta transfers nutrients, including DHA, from the mother to the fetus (18). The amount of omega-3 fatty acid in the fetus is correlated with the amount ingested by the mother, so it is essential that the mother has adequate nutrition (19). The 2010 U.S. Department of Health and Human Services dietary guidelines recommend that women who are pregnant or breastfeeding should consume 8 to 12 ounces of seafood per week from a variety of seafood types (12). Ingesting 812 oz of seafood per week, depending on the type of fish, is equivalent to 300900 mg EPA+DHA per day. Unfortunately, this amount is not being met by most mothers in the United States and Canada, which means that infants many not be receiving adequate amounts of these vital nutrients in the womb (20).
Krauss-Etschmann et al. (26)	Double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized	311	DHA+EPA daily with either fish oil with DHA (0.5 g) and EPA (0.15 g) or with methyltetrahydrofolic acid (400 g), both, or placebo, from gestation week 22	Fish-oil supplementation was associated with decreased levels of maternal inflammatory/TH1 cytokines and a decrease of fetal Th2-related cytokines
While I think the article is good, it does not tell the reader that most of fish oil capsules sold over the counter are unregulated, and contain widely different ingredients and potency levels. They are mostly a waste of money. If you have health concerns, you need to consult an MD or a Registered Dietitian. Not a naturopath, homeopath, or other pseudoscience practitioner. Eat a diet rich in whole grains, nuts, and some oily fish. I take a multivitamin supplement made by CVS, formulated for my gender and age. Not from the food supplement shelves, which are unregulated, and might contain anything at all, or nothing but vegetable oil or cornstarch.
This systematic review did find moderate evidence that ALA, found in plant oils (such as rapeseed or canola oil) and nuts (particularly walnuts) may be slightly protective of some diseases of the heart and circulation. However, the effect is very small, 143 people would need to increase their ALA intake to prevent one person developing arrhythmia. One thousand people would need to increase their ALA intake to prevent one person dying of coronary heart disease or experiencing a cardiovascular event. ALA is an essential fatty acid, an important part of a balanced diet, and increasing intakes may be slightly beneficial for prevention or treatment of cardiovascular disease."
The evidence linking the consumption of marine omega3 fats to a lower risk of cancer is poor.[8][13] With the possible exception of breast cancer,[8][14][15] there is insufficient evidence that supplementation with omega3 fatty acids has an effect on different cancers.[5][16] The effect of consumption on prostate cancer is not conclusive.[8][15] There is a decreased risk with higher blood levels of DPA, but an increased risk of more aggressive prostate cancer was shown with higher blood levels of combined EPA and DHA.[17] In people with advanced cancer and cachexia, omega3 fatty acids supplements may be of benefit, improving appetite, weight, and quality of life.[18]
A number of trials have found that omega-3 PUFAs might reduce anxiety under serious stressful situations. Case-controlled studies have shown low peripheral omega-3 PUFA levels in patients with anxiety disorders.27-31 A cohort study found that high serum EPA levels were associated with protection against posttraumatic stress disorder.32 In studies of therapeutic interventions, while a randomized clinical trial of adjunctive EPA treatment in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder revealed that EPA augmentation had no beneficial effect on symptoms of anxiety, depression, or obsessive-compulsiveness,33 a randomized clinical trial involving participants with substance abuse showed that EPA and DHA administration was accompanied by significant decreases in anger and anxiety scores compared with placebo.34 In addition, a randomized clinical trial found that omega-3 PUFAs had additional effects on decreasing depressive and anxiety symptoms in patients with acute myocardial infarction,35 and a randomized clinical trial demonstrated that omega-3 PUFAs could reduce inflammation and anxiety among healthy young adults facing a stressful major examination.36 Despite the largely positive findings of these trials, the clinical application of the findings is unfortunately limited by their small sample sizes.
Second, quality matters. It is important to purchase fish oil from a reputable manufacturer that follows Good Manufacturing Practices (GMPs) and takes the necessary steps to purify the oil. In choosing a brand like Nature Made, the #1 Pharmacist Recommended Omega-3/Fish Oil Brand*, you can rest assured knowing Nature Made has a strong commitment to making quality supplements so you can experience the benefits of fish oil.
Participants treated with a daily dose of 2000 mg or more of omega-3 PUFAs showed a significantly greater association of treatment with reduced anxiety symptoms. In addition, participants receiving supplements containing less than 60% EPA showed a significant association, but not those receiving supplements containing 60% or more EPA. The depression literature supports the clinical benefits of EPA-enriched formulations (60% or 50%) compared with placebo for the treatment of clinical depression.9,13,73-75 This opposite effect of EPA-enriched formations on anxiety and depression is intriguing and possibly linked to a distinct underlying mechanism of omega-3 PUFAs. Exploration of the effects of omega-3 PUFAs on anxiety symptoms is just beginning and studies assessing the dose response anxiolytic effects of omega-3 PUFAs have not yet been performed. Further phase 2 trials of anxiety symptoms among participants with neuropsychiatric illness or physical illness should aim to determine the optimal dose.
The strongest evidence for a beneficial effect of omega-3 fats has to do with heart disease. These fats appear to help the heart beat at a steady clip and not veer into a dangerous or potentially fatal erratic rhythm. (1) Such arrhythmias cause most of the 500,000-plus cardiac deaths that occur each year in the United States. Omega-3 fats also lower blood pressure and heart rate, improve blood vessel function, and, at higher doses, lower triglycerides and may ease inflammation, which plays a role in the development of atherosclerosis. (1)
Once a rubric is created, you will need to link it with an assessment. For example, a course instructor of Theory and Practice of Argument provides students with a discussion topic and asks them to come prepared to present their argument during the next class. This instructor could use the oral presentation rubric, which lives in the Rubric column, to associate this particular rubric with the presentation task.
Those campuses choosing to use our Rubrics LMS Integration (Blackboard or Moodle) will link the rubric with an Assignment rather than an Assessment. These individuals have the ability to:
If you have questions about assessments, assignments, or rubrics, please dont hesitate your contact your consultant! For technical support, you can also reach out to us by submitting a ticket or calling us at 716.270.0000.
Diese Website verwendet eigene Cookies und Cookies von Dritten um die Nutzung unseres Angebotes zu analysieren, Ihr Surferlebnis zur personalisieren und Ihnen interessante Informationen zu prsentieren. Wenn Sie Ihren Besuch fortsetzen, stimmen Sie der Verwendung solcher Cookies zu. Bitte besuchen Sie unsere Cookie Bestimmungen um mehr zu erfahren, auch dazu, wie Sie Cookies deaktivieren und der Bildung von Nutzungsprofilen widersprechen knnen. Mehr Informationen
This is a placeholder page for Joanne Aufiero, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Joanne Aufiero.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Joanne Aufiero. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Joanne Aufiero. We created this page automatically in hopes Joanne Aufiero would find it. If you are not Joanne Aufiero, but are an alumni of Glen Cove High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Glen Cove High School	of Glen Cove, New York
Recently, the Coal Science Research Institute issued a report saying that the effectiveness of coal de-capacity has gradually emerged, and the industry has been optimized and upgraded. It is expected that more than 10 million tons of de-capacity tasks will be completed ahead of schedule in 2018, but it is more difficult to further increase capacity.
The report entitled " The coal industry continues to eepen the supply-side structural reforms " pointed out that since the implementation of supply-side structural reforms in the coal industry in 2016, the industry policy system has been gradually improved, and the effectiveness of de-capacity has gradually emerged. Economic and social risk mitigation, industrial restructuring has achieved remarkable results. The industrial concentration has been greatly improved, laying a good foundation for the transion and upgrading of China's coal industry.
Specifically, from 2016 to 2017, the coal industry has accumulated a total capacity of 440 million tons, completed more than 55% of the 13th Five-Year Plan elimination of 800 million tons of backward production capacity. Compared with the 2016 China Coal Enterprise Scientific Capacity Evaluation Ranking evaluation results, the total scientific capacity of participating mines in 2017 increased by about 10%, the safety and green scores also have improved.
At the same time, industrial restructuring has achieved remarkable results, and industrial concentration has increased significantly. The number of coal mines nationwide has decreased from 10,800 in 2015 to around 7,000 in 2017.
The report believes that China's coal industry has a stable economic operation, stable coal prices, and increasingly improved science and technology innovation systems. The coal industry already has the basic conditions for transion and upgrading.
Deputy director of the Coal Strategic Planning Research Institute of the Coal Research Institute Wu Lixin said that from the trend, the proportion of coal production in the southern region will continue to decline, Hubei, Jiangxi, Chongqing and other provinces and cities may gradually withdraw from coal production. To a certain extent, this indicates that China's coal industry is concentrated in areas such as Shanxi, Shanxi, Menggu with good resource storage conditions, low mining costs and high security.
Wu Lixin emphasized that coal will remain China's main energy source in the coming period. For the needs of national energy security, national economic development, social stability and corporate survival, it is imperative for the coal industry to accelerate the transion and upgrading.
Watch and download Bullett Raja In Movie has genre Action and Movie star cast is Sonakshi Sinha, Saif Ali Khan, Ravi Kishan, Jimmy Shergill, Vidyut Jamwal, Gulshan Grover, Chunky Pandey, Raj
Generally, one of the most popular question and dilemma at the same time for many men is what women want. I, as an escort in Wien, I can tell you that finding out what men want is a difficult task too. However, after a long experience, I can successfully guess what the man next to me wants, though this doesnt make the pleasure of exploring each other less exciting.
Whats important to know is that every man is different and has different tastes. Some men prefer blondes, other redheads or other brunettes. Some like a wild and crazy night, while others just want to relax and to unwind in a pleasant company. Some like to talk during intimate moments or others hate talking at all. But the bottom line is that in essence, men like the same thing as women: to receive attention. Whether you like to admit it or not, men also adore to be spoiled and feel good when a woman gives them her full attention.
Another thing Ive noticed throughout the years is that men in general love to be surprised. Even though the night might start as a chill one, with romantic things and long conversations, you can be sure a truly experienced Wien escort like me will surprise you at some point. Whether it will be a crazy fantasy, a surprise just when you thought you have seen it all or an unexpected sexual surprise, you will just have to come and see it for yourself to believe it!
Remember that its very important to have next to you a woman that has lots of experience and that will know how to recognize even the smallest clues that you enjoy a certain moment or position. More than that, I can challenge your limits and show you things maybe you havent even thought of. Whats certain is that you have nothing to lose, only lots of moments of pleasure to gain and to remember!
As shout out to all the parents who put so much effort into costumes for their little ones. They were all so adorable. Im glad that I didnt have to choose the winner!
This entry was posted in Contest, Halloween, Mini Sessions and tagged contest, costume, dog, grimsby, halloween, hamilton, kid, liz czinege, liz czinege photography, Mini Sessions, niagara, niagara falls, niagara region, ontario, outdoor, photographer, photography, port colborne, portrait, portraits, welland by Liz Czinege. Bookmark the permalink.
Well never post to Facebook, Twitter or Google+ without your permission. Read more in our Privacy Policy and Terms of Services.
We invite you to sign up for a Londolozi Live account and join our growing digital family united by our respect for nature and love of the wild. Membership is free and grants access to the Londolozi community, numerous innovative services and benefits across our digital ecosystem:
Tired of new passwords? Link your social media account of choice for instant, secure access to Londolozi Live.
Tell the community something about yourself and tweak your Londolozi profile. More of a secretive animal? Keep your profile private.
Earn badges for your profile as you interact with Londolozi and the community as you comment, share and explore our online ecosystem. All your activity with Londolozi is now connected.
Earn prowess and rank up as you interact with Londolozi Live and earn a spot on the monthly points leaderboard.
Chat with other Londolozi Live Explorers and with your favourite Contributors from the Londolozi team about their photos and stories from the wild.
Add your favorite photographs from around Londolozi Live to your very own Favorites gallery, using the  button, for others to enjoy.
Buy your favorite photos in full resolution, easily and securely, for download at any time from your Profile Page.
Tell us which of the Leopards of Londolozi you've encountered during your visit! Their cards will move to your profile page collection.
Once purchased, you will be able to download the full resolution, unwatermarked image (around 10Mb) from your profile page at any time. There are also different license options which you can choose from when adding the image to your cart.
The following Members haved favorited this photograph. Visit their profiles to browse their collection of favourites.
After you have added this photograph to your cart and completed checkout, you will be able to download the full, unwatermarked version at any time from your Profile page.
Thank you for purchasing from the Londolozi Fine Art Site! Your order completed successfully and we have emailed you the order details.
Your purchased photographs are available for download in full resolution at any time from the Downloads tab below, here on your Profile Page, alongside information about your orders.
Points are awarded for each of your interactions with Londolozi Live, and for earning new badges and titles.
All Members of the tribe get points (although our in-house Contributors get a lot fewer to keep things fair ;). Points are just for fun for now and there are two kinds:
Want to have your story or photo journal published on the Blog and become a Guest Contributor? Let us know!
Badges are awarded for achieving various things and come with a bunch of points in tow. Here's an example badge:
We've had the pleasure of hosting you here at Londolozi and together we've experienced the magic of the wild and now you're part of the family. You've let us know about your past visits while editing your Profile.
Each badge has a basic version, such as the Londolozi Guest badge above, and then a specialist version:
To see all the badges on offer and find out how to grab them, visit the Badge Showcase or click on any badge you happen to find out there in the wild.
When you first join Londolozi Live you start out with the title of Member. For interacting with the community in various ways, you can easily earn a promotion and earn some points in the process.
On a trip to Londolozi you've been lucky enough to spot a leopard of Londolozi. You've encountered the leopard's profile card on the Blog and pressed the 'Spotted this Leopard?' button to record your sighting.
You can't get enough lion in your day and like to chat about the powerful cats with our Rangers and other enthusiasts on Blog stories that have been filed under 'Lions'.
You've got an eye for the wilderness and have had your photographic journal from your time at Londolozi published on the Blog for others to enjoy. You found out how to submit your story by emailing us.
You've got the gift of the storyteller and have had a tale of your time at Londolozi published on the Blog for others to marvel at around the camp fire. You found out how to submit your story by emailing us.
You recongise the rare privilege it is to be able to experience the untamed beauty of the natural world, and have found an opportunity to give back through The Good Work Foundation, for the sake of others, your children and the wild. You've let us know about your donations while editing your Profile.
You've curated your own Favorites gallery by ing at least 15 photographs which you absolutely love from around Londolozi Live. If your Favorites gallery has caught the eye of the Fine Art site Editor and is featured, you've also earned the esteemed Featured Curator badge.
Check this box if you would like to be emailed if someone replies to your comment on this story. You can unsubscribe at any time by following the 'unsubscribe' link in the notification emails.
It looks like the browser you are using is Internet Explorer version 11 (released in 2013) or below. This browser is outdated and is not compliant with the standard technologies of the web today.
Modern browsers are know as 'evergreen' because they are frequently updated to keep up with the changing web and remain secure. Please consider downloading a modern browser:
You can continue using your current browser to use this site but it will not function or appear as designed and your experience will be negatively affected.
Have you spotted the Mashaba 4:3 Female in the wild during one of your trips to Londolozi or the surrounding area?
You've spotted the Mashaba 4:3 Female in the wild during one of your trips to Londolozi or the surrounding area.
Since 1979 Londolozi has had a love affair with leopards. Over the last four decades, this dynasty has been chronicled by the many guides and trackers, past and present, who have worked at Londolozi.
You can visit the Mashaba 4:3 Female's dedicated profile page to access a rich trove of information about this leopard, including family tree, unique markings, territory maps, timelines and a host of stunning images and videos.
Important Notice: While we verify certain key information (police checks, key qualifications, references) during the on-boarding of each care worker, they represent other information about themselves to customers via their profiles that we do not independently verify. In exercising your choice of care worker and hiring them directly, we recommend that you check their credentials and original documents when you first meet them and provide ongoing supervision. We recommend that care workers take a file of their key documents with them to their first meeting.
Offering an outdoor pool and a restaurant, Hotel Ruinas Resort is located just 1.7 km from Huehuetenango main square. Free WiFi access is available in all areas. Each room here will provide you with
Boasting a garden and free WiFi, Hotel Todos Santos Inn is located in Huehuetenango. The accommodation offers a 24-hour front desk. Quetzaltenango is 47 km from the hotel.
Offering a restaurant, La Chacra de Joel Hotel is located in Huehuetenango. This colonial-style hotel has beautiful gardens. Each room here features traditional dcor, with bright colours and tiled f
Set in Huehuetenango, Hotel Tzolkin features a garden. Both free WiFi and private parking are accessible at this property. Guest rooms in the economy hotel are fitted with a TV.
Situated in Huehuetenango, Fuente Real Hotel has a garden and bar. This 4-star hotel offers a 24-hour front desk, room service and free WiFi. The property features a restaurant. At the hotel, the roo
Just flew back from the Amazon, and boy are my arms tired. Ba-dum-bah. Actually, its my bank account thats feeling weary. Everything in the Amazon is such a long way from everywhere, doing any kind of story there involves ridiculous amounts of time and money, most of it for travel.
For freelancers, travel presents a perilous allure. No fancy expense accounts for us, at least not most of the time. So if youre going to go tramp about out there in the field, you have to make it pay. Sensible enough. But theres a catch. How do you know whats out there, and more importantly, how do you sell whats out there, before youve been out there?
There are two routes out of this dilemma: the pre-sell and the flyer. Well take the flyer first, in Part I, and get to the pre-sale in the next post.
Essentially, with the flyer, you just go and hope. Youve done your homework. You know theres something good out there  an issue that you think needs tackling, a situation youre sure will yield good material  but you havent got enough information to turn it into a compelling narrative, with characters and tension and violence  something you can sell to an editor. But you will.
For me, southern Para is such an area. For those not up on their Amazon geography, the Amazon rainforest is divvied up among a number of Brazilian states (plus about 6 other countries, but for the moment they dont count). Each of the states has a slightly different history, and different settlement patterns, and all this affects what happens to the forest in each state.
Para state, which encompasses the mouth of the Amazon river, is a vast and lightly governed no mans land, where ranchers claim millions of acres for their own on the flimsiest of pretexts, where slave labour is used to clear the forest and sawmills operate in flagrant defiance of the law. A place of epic stories, in short.
So I had a general destination, and I had a news peg  Brazils new forest management law. I did not have a specific destination and a specific situation, but 2 out of 3 was good enough, at least this time.
I teamed up with a colleague to cut expenses and we flew from Rio to Belm (Cost of the flight, about US$300). I checked in with my contacts there  a crazy wire service photog, the PR guy at Ibama, the federal environmental agency, one of the state prosecutors trying to bring some order to the chaos. Two days worth of chatting in all, but out of this came a specific target  one that illustrated all the things I wanted to cover in the Amazon  violence, death, environmental rape, and endless government corruption.
We rented a truck (US$60 per day) and set out for our story. A week later, we had it  a lovely, dramatic scam-filled story illustrating everything wrong with all the new Brazilian government approaches to conserving the rainforest. Bad news for the forest actually, but a great story. Call it the Great Amazonian Lumber Scam. Im going to leave out the details until I get this published, but suffice it say, though we had to flee town at sunset because my colleague had flipped out and begun screaming accusations at a local rancher/politician who also happened to control the local police department (Ill do post on this later, I think, called Choosing your Travel Companions), I had everything I needed for a great story.
I just have to sell it. To that point, I had ponied up the plane fare (say $300),  the truck rental (say $400), hotels ($300), plus booze, food and incidentals ($500). Say a total of around $1500, plus I still had to pay for the flight home. So I have to sell it in a way that makes up for the capital outlay.
A good glossy magazine would be the best option; newspapers pay so little that even selling the piece to three or four of them would only just cover my expenses. The best scenario would be sale to a high paying glossy, followed by re-sales to various papers.
Of course, if Ive gambled wrong and no one cares about this story, Im out the expenses and the 2 weeks in the field it took to dig this info up. Thats the danger of the Flyer. Get it right, you get material no one has. Get it wrong too often, and you go broke.
Ill keep you posted on the fate of the Great Amazonian Lumber Scam as it progresses. When the story appears, Ill link to it here, and keep track of sales as I go on. Well have a record here of whether this flyer paid off.
I'm a high school student doing a project on being a foreign correspondent. For this, I need to have an interview (a blog-ish thing is ok) with a foreign correspondent. I don't know if this is possible, but if you could help it would be amazing.
How do you go about becoming a freelance correspondent? Is it difficult to start doing it? What should you do in High School to prepare for this?
If there's any way you could answer any of those, it would be great. From reading your blogs, this job sounds really interesting, though difficult at some times.
I'm Alisha from Wowzio, and I'm excited to tell you about our new widget platform that helps bloggers increase readership and create more engaged users.
I wanted to reach out to you to ask for your feedback on these widgets (feel free to also install them on your blog, if you feel they are a good fit).
I'm sorry for leaving this message via a comment, it's not at all our intent to spam you ( which is why i'm leaving this comment on an older post and you can always remove this comment ).
I'm Alisha from Wowzio, and I'm excited to tell you about our new widget platform that helps bloggers increase readership by providing engaging widgets containing your blog's rich content. You can check out widgets customized for your blog here:
I wanted to reach out to you to ask for your feedback on these widgets (feel free to install them on your blog, if you feel they are a good fit). I'm sorry for leaving this message via a comment, it's not at all our intent to spam you ( which is why i'm leaving this comment on an older post and you can always remove this comment ). Again, we would love to hear your feedback.
I am a freelance foreign correspondent based in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. I write for newspapers and magazines. I produce radio. I do everything from undercover investigations in the Amazon, to restaurant reviews in Rio de Janeiro. And I put it all here.
Provide information regarding the importance of the transformational leadership theory to research and practice and for responding to the following research questions: 1. 264 l chapter 10 l leadership and management chapter 10 leadership and management 101 introduction to good management th e aim of good management is to provide services to the community in an appropriate, effi cient, equitable, and sustainable manner th is can only be good organizational skills. Leaders who create change and those who manage it how leaders limit success john g bruhn, phd key words: leadership and change, leadership and organizational success, leadership 19/-'ilosophy and change, organizational change ne of the most common and poten- are the north stars of organizations and provide stability and security to members. Successful organizations have leaders who set high standards and goals across the entire spectrum, such as strategies, market leadership, plans, meetings and presentations, productivity, quality, and reliability. Motivation is a goal-oriented characteristic that helps a person achieve his objectives it pushes an individual to work hard at achieving his or her goals an executive must have the right leadership traits to influence motivation however, there is no specific blueprint for motivation as a leader.
2 the activity of leading a group of people or an organization or the ability to do this leadership involves: establishing a clear vision, sharing that vision with others so that they will follow willingly, providing the information, knowledge and methods to realize that vision, and coordinating and balancing the conflicting interests of all members and stakeholders. Outline leadership styles and their application in supporting the organisations mission, objectives and values explain the impact of legislation in providing leadership in the organisation explain the organisations mission, purpose and values. Leadership is an important function of management which helps to maximize efficiency and to achieve organizational goals the following points justify the importance of leadership in a concern initiates action-leader is a person who starts the work by communicating the policies and plans to the. Good leadership is essential to business, to government and to the numerous groups and organisations that shape the way we live, work and play leadership is an important factor for making an organisation successful here we are concerned with the manager as a leader leadership transforms potential.
Whats most challenging about leading organizations today and do the challenges differ around the world our researchers went straight to the source to answer these questions, gathering input from 763 middle- and executive-level leaders in organizations from china/hong kong, egypt, india, singapore, the uk, the us, and spain. Ethics in organizations and leadership janie b butts chapter 4  119  ethics must begin at the top of an organization it is a leadership issue and the chief execu. Get a definition of what leadership is, test your leadership skills now, and learn the skills you need to become a highly effective leader, identifying and developing leaders in your organization 14 the leadership pipeline model.
Organizational culture refers to the beliefs and values that have existed in an organization for a long time, and to the beliefs of the staff and the foreseen value of their work that will influence their attitudes and behavior administrators usually adjust their leadership behavior to accomplish. We have described a number of leadership role-modeling and formal organizational mechanisms to promote innovation when top management reinforces them with commitment and energy to build capabilities for specific tasks, the combination can yield impressive results. Leadership styles leadership style is the manner and approach of providing direction, implementing plans, and motivating people as seen by the employees, it includes the total pattern of explicit and implicit actions performed by their leader (newstrom, davis, 1993.
Leadership, on the other hand, is not a linear process by which organizational direction is set out for followers, but rather an interactive practice that includes participation across levels of position and power. Transformational leadership and organizational culture bernard m bass bruce j avolio as recruitment, selection, and placement within the organization leaders need to be attentive to the conservativeness reflected in beliefs, values, assumptions, rites, and ceremonies embedded in the changes should develop by providing reinforcement. Strategic leadership leadership is an interactive process, the collective energy of a group, organization, or nation is focused on the attainment of a common objective or goal through leadership, clarity of purpose, direction, and means is achieved.
Ethical leadership models ethical behavior to the organization and the community leaders are role models if you want your organization or initiative  and those who work in it  to behave ethically, then its up to you to model ethical behavior.
Self-assessment: (bsxfmi402a) provide leadership in the workplace 21 topic 1: what is good leadership 25 11 principles of good leadership 25 capabilities and role models 28 12 the legislative context for leadership in a not-for-profit organisation 29 national volunteer skills centre (bsxfmi402a.
Leaders, delivering on leadership development programs to fill these ranks will be a critical challenge in employee development must reflect these differences and provide development of both sets of skills to evaluate potential leaders in the organization, a leadership program needs to identify the expected. A leader motivates the organization by creating a unique climate through selective leadership styles (goleman, 2000), which i summarize as the universal principles of effective leadership principle one: a leader needs to impart a vision providing focus to the organization. It has been my experience that many organizational leaders, knowingly or unknowingly, view leadership as a set of specific traits or skills below are a few definitions that are grounded in skills and, to a lesser extent, traits.
This is perhaps the world's most dangerous Road. This the road to Fairy Meadows in the western Himalayas in Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan.
Fairy Meadows is approachable by a twelve kilometer-long jeepable trek, which is perhaps the most dangerous road the world. This road starts from Raikhot bridge on Karakoram Highway to the village Tato.
Further from Tato, it takes about three to four hours hiking on a five-kilometer trek to Fairy Meadows. The grassland is located in the Raikhot valley, at one end of the Raikhot glacier which originates from the Nanga Parbat and feeds a stream that finally falls into the River Indus. Since 1992, locals have operated camping sites in the area.
The mineral is usually observed as isometric or platy, triangular, and corroded grains located along periphery of isoferroplatinum grains. Commonly, the new mineral is mantled and corroded by chengdeite and a solid solution that is intermediate in composition between isoferroplatinum and tetraferroplatinum. Other minerals observed in intergrowths with ferhodsite are cooperite, cuproiridsite, bowieite, and kashinite (laurite and erlichmanite are also mentioned, but only in the English version of the abstract). Opal commonly penetrates along well-developed {111} cleavage fractures in ferhodsite grains varying in size from a few to 100 m with a mean of 3040 m (text); size of grains 1050 m and size of aggregates 4070 or 100 m (abstract). Ferhodsite has a black streak, metallic luster, in reflected light opaque, and light brownish-gray (English abstract) but also grayish-creamy with a brownish tint in Russian text. The micro-indentation hardness VHN20 = 516(15) kg/mm2. The density was not measured; Dcalc = 7.186 g/cm3 (without specifying a composition). Under reflected light the mineral appears brownish gray with very weak bireflectance and weak to moderate anisotropism (gray colors with a cream tint). Internal reflections and pleochroism were not observed. The reflectance values with a 20 nm interval vary from 36.8% (700 nm) to 37.5% (400 nm) for ferhodsite and from 32.8% (700 nm) to 33.8% (400 nm) for the Ir-rich variety described as Ir ferhodsite. The values for the COM wavelengths [Rmax/Rmin (nm)] are: 35.6/33.0 (470), 36.0/33.8 (546), 36.2/34.0 (589), 37.1/34.8 (650) for ferhodsite, and 30.0/27.0 (470), 31.3/27.5 (546), 31.3/28.3 (589), 32.0/29.3 (650) for Ir ferhodsite. The empirical formulas based on 17 apfu are given in the paper separately for each of 19 analyses. The Fe content varies from 2.82 to 3.99 apfu; Rh 0.182.68, Ir 02.12, Ni 0.501.96, Cu 01.64, and S 7.988.05 apfu. The powder Xray diffraction data of ferhodsite are generally similar to those of pentlandite, however differs by an observed displacement or presence in ferhodsite of some lines and by several doublets. The selected lines of the ferhodsite Xray powder diffraction pattern [d  (I%; hkl)] are (lines absent or significantly differ in position or/and intensity compare to pentlandite are in bold): 5.72 50; 111), 3.01 (70; 311), 2.97 (20; 113), 2.81 (30; 302), 2.74 (203; <10), 2.60 (213; <10), 2.50 (20; 400), 2.23(100; 402), 2.21 (30; 204), 1.933 (60, 105), 1.772 (40; 440), 1.367 (30; 614), 1.167 (40; 803). The data was refined in a tetragonal unit-cell with  = 10.009(5) and  = 9.840(8) , V = 985.78 3, Z = 4, space group P42/n (or, possibly, P4/nmm). The mineral is named after its two main elements but the I-rich compositions are referred to as Ir ferhodsite. The type specimen is deposited in the Fersman Mineralogical Museum, Russian Academy of Sciences, Moscow, Russia.
The published description contains several discrepancies between the data given in the title, abstract and in the paper itself as well as between the text and d-spaces in Table 3. Cell parameters in the abstract are given to 3 significant figures and to 2 in the text. Totals for analyses #2, 4, 15, and 19 in Table 2 are not correct. Significantly, the authors do not discuss or group the analyses that range widely and do not specify which particular data were used for the calculated density. The average of 15 analyses (14 from Nizhniy Tagil and 1 from Konder) is [wt% (range)]: Ir 14.1 (029.6). Rh 22.3 (12.431.9), Pt 2.1 (014.5), Fe 19.2 (17.322.5), Ni 7.7 (2.811.2), Cu 5.0 (0.09.6), Co 2.6 (04.8), S 27.1 (25.929.7), total 101.1 for ferhodsite (Rh > Ir pfu) and of 4 analyses of Ir ferhodsite (Ir > Rh pfu) from Nizhniy Tagil: Ir 32.7 (26.037.9). Rh 7.1 (1.712.5), Pt 0.8 (02.1), Fe 18.1 (14.821.4), Ni 7.5 (4.410.7), Cu 8.2 (4.810.0), Co 1.7 (03.7), S 24.2 (23.425.0), total 100.1. The empirical formulae based on 17 apfu for the average compositions are accordingly: (Fe3.35Rh2.11 Ni1.28Cu0.77Ir0.72Co0.43Pt0.11)8.77S8.24 (Dcalc = 6.573 g/cm3) and (Fe3.43Ir1.80 Cu1.36Ni1.35Rh0.73Co0.31Pt0.04)9.02S7.98 (Dcalc = 7.143 g/cm3). Additionally, the deposited type specimen mentioned in the paper (catalogue #93467) considered as holotype is actually the Ir-rich variety but another one (catalogue #93468), considered as co-type (not mentioned in the paper) is an Rh-rich variety (Dmitriy Belakovskiy, pers. comm., 2017). The only reference in the paper is a now dated mineralogy textbook and the only discussion to related minerals is to pentlandite analyses, nor is there any discussion of the pentlandite structure and ionic radii of substituting elements. There is also no mention of a compositionally similar mineral reported from Ethiopia (Cabri et al. 1981) (UM1981- 08-E:FeIrPtRhRu in the IMA list of valid unnamed minerals http:// pubsites.uws.edu.au/ima-cnmnc/Valid2012.pdf) (Smith and Nickel 2007) and another one from the UG-2 chromitite of Bushveld Complex, South Africa (Junge et al. 2014). Another relevant Rh-bearing Ni-Fe sulfide with 24 to 31% Rh reported recently (after the abstracted paper published) from the Coldwell Complex (Ontario) (Good et al. 2017). The names ferhodsite and Ir-ferhodsite are unfortunate since there are clearly compositions with Rh > Ir, Ir > Rh, Ni > Ir or Rh, and Cu > Ir where Fe varies (apfu) from 2.909 to 3.989 for Ir > Rh and from 2.997 to 3.767 for Rh > Ir. There is no evidence that any of these elements occur in specific structural positions, thus there is not enough data to consider whether ferhodsite is actually a single mineral species or several different species. Similarly, one does not know which particular grain was used for reflectance measurements. Criddle and Stanley (1993) include reflectance data for several related minerals, but one is unable to further evaluate the mineral based on the ferhodsite published information.
Our Kentucky grown, farm fresh full-spectrum CBD oil is naturally rich in phytocannabinoids, terpenes, omegas 3, 6 & 9, flavonoids, and other nutrients.
Hemp Herbals Drops have a deep green color and robust, natural & fresh flavor; you can taste the goodness in every drop.
Just as with humans, mammals like dogs, cats, and horses possess an advanced physiological system, the Endocannabinoid System (ECS). Hemp Herbals 4Paws delivers full spectrum CBD for your pets.
Proudly grown, harvested, and CO2-extracted on Kentucky farms that are compliant with the FDA Farm Bill. Our Kentucky partner farms uphold all state and federal standards and restrictions and are 100% compliant with US Federal hemp regulations.
Our full spectrum hemp is proudly grown and manufactured on Kentucky farms from organically-grown, non-GMO industrial hemp that is always free of chemical fertilizers, herbicides, pesticides, contaminants, heavy metals, and mold.
Made with industrial hemp grown exclusively in Kentucky, as part of the Kentucky Hemp Pilot Program on old converted tobacco farms, with sustainable agricultural practices, and processed in FDA registered food processing facilities.
I've tried many nootropic supplements over the years with different results. The ingredients are similar to other products I've tried, but this company must have high-quality sources for their ingredients. I recommend MIND highly.
Take one shot every morning on an empty stomach. As a middle-aged athlete this has been a great anti-inflammatory. I haven't had to take any Advil despite training almost daily in about... 3 months. That's how long I've been doing BODY shots.
BODY is a great product if you are looking to increase your nitric oxide level. One thing I have noticed is that if I take it at night, I always wake up with a flat stomach. I take 2 shots of this product twice daily and I don't plan on missing a day.
I've tried other weight loss brands, but SLIMMER actually works for me. No side effects, and I have a very delicate system. I use it to maintain my current weight. I tend to gain very easily and this product allows me to keep my figure!
Well, I can't tell you if NOURISH is making my 5 year old daughter super healthy :)... but she does like the taste and texture. It's like a light chocolate milk without the sugar and sweet taste.
For years I've battled the liver dumps, aka "dawn phenomenon". My fasting sugar was up to 270 and I felt crappy all day long. My fasting sugars have gone from 270 down to 130, and my liver function numbers are within normal range again!
Works great for lowering my blood pressure, two shots full every morning in a protein shake keeps my numbers down. For me, it's about 10 on both Sys/Dia. I like to mix it with something, any kind of juice works fine
*The information on this website has not been evaluated by the FDA and is not intended to treat, diagnose, cure, or prevent any disease. This information is not intended as a substitute for the advice or medical care of a qualified healthcare professional and you should seek the advice of your healthcare professional before undertaking any dietary or lifestyle changes. This information is for educational purposes only.
HBNaturals hemp products are not for use by, or sale to, persons under the age of 21. These products should be used only as directed on the labels. They should not be used if you are pregnant or nursing. Consult with a physician before use if you have a serious medical condition or use prescription medications. A doctor's advice should be sought before using these and any supplemental dietary products. All trademarks and copyrights are property of their respective owners and are not affiliated with, nor do they endorse, these products. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. These prodcts are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. By using this site you agree to follow the Privacy Policy and all Terms & Conditions printed on this site. Void where Prohibited By Law.
Fresh Catnapper Lift Chair Hi, congratulations back again to our blog, this time around we show a assortment of images we acquire from various websites. preferably you will get enthusiasm from the image on our blog. And now, let we explain about the chair, A chair without a back or arm rests is a stool, or when raised up, a bar stool. A chair with arms is an armchair; one with upholstery, reclining action, and a fold-out footrest is a recliner. A permanently fixed chair in a train or theater is a seat or, in an airplane, airline seat; when riding, it is a saddle or bicycle saddle; and for an automobile, a car seat or infant car seat. With wheels it is a wheelchair; or when hung from above, a swing. An upholstered, padded chair for two people is a loveseat, while if it is for more than two person it is a couch, sofa, or settee; or if is not upholstered, a bench. A separate footrest for a chair, usually upholstered, is known as an ottoman, hassock, or pouffe. Wikipedia. here is the 1st picture:
Think about graphic above? will be that will amazing???. if youre more dedicated and so, Il l provide you with some picture once again below:
So, if you would like get the incredible photos about (Fresh Catnapper Lift Chair), simply click save link to download the images for your personal computer. These are ready for download, if you like and want to own it, click save logo in the post, and itll be instantly down loaded to your computer. As a final point if you wish to secure new and latest photo related with (Fresh Catnapper Lift Chair), please follow us on google plus or save this blog, we attempt our best to provide daily up-date with all new and fresh pics. We do hope you enjoy keeping right here. For many upgrades and latest information about (Fresh Catnapper Lift Chair) photos, please kindly follow us on tweets, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on book mark area, We attempt to give you update regularly with all new and fresh pics, love your searching, and find the best for you.
Thanks for visiting our site, article above Fresh Catnapper Lift Chair published by admin. At this time we are delighted to declare that we have discovered an awfully interesting niche to be reviewed, that is Fresh Catnapper Lift Chair Most people attempting to find information about Fresh Catnapper Lift Chair and definitely one of them is you, is not it?
Shoppingstore, jaipur has been on rediff shopping since 2015 with product in multiple categories like Blankets,Quilts & Comforters, Towels, Quilts, Blankets & Comforters, belts, wallets,
Innovation is our forte and we strive to design and develop Earthrosystem 1 Year RO Service Kit with Inline set, 75 GPD membrane, FR and Other Accessories Solid Filter Cartridge. These are specially designed by the experts for filtration at high pressure. All our offered products are manufactured in compliance with the industry standards. Before the final dispatch, these are checked by the quality analyzers on varied parameters to ensure their defect-free nature. Attributes: Taste Improvement, Bad odor reduction Excellent finish Compact design Robust construction High durability Low maintenance cost. Easy to install Bring home the Earthrosystem 1 Year RO Service Kit with Inline set, 75 GPD membrane and Other Accessories Solid Filter Cartridge. water filter set which takes care of the hygiene and health of your family. A Service kit once installed in water purifier gives a guarantee of safe drinking water, which can be ensured by investing in this product. It is a good value for money product.
Booyahchicago, Delhi has been on rediff shopping since 2012 with product in multiple categories like PC Games, dolls and dolls accessories, PSP, Xbox 360, Playstation 3,
Investigate each unraveling image in Flora?s mind! Attempted murder victim Flora Dale wakes up in the hospital. Uncertain of how she got there and unable to speak to the doctors, she quickly falls back into a deep coma. In her mind, she begins an incredible adventure to uncover clues from her memory about her life and the series of events that led to her attack. Will she solve the mystery? Will she wake up in time to name her attacker?
Capeshoppers, New delhi has been on rediff shopping since 2015 with product in multiple categories like Bike Styling Products, Bike Accessories, Daytime Running Lights, Mobile Holders for Cars, Body Covers for Bikes,
This product can be used as Exterior lamp or increasing the interest of driving and can be installed in your Car or Bike.With a unique design, it looks beautiful and has extreme durability. With super brightness fluorescent lamp, is prettier, brighter, more energy-saved and more environmentally friendly than regular Neon lights. They can give your car a sense of warmth, luxury and nobility. Features: - CCFL: Cold-cathode fluorescent lamps - CCFL lights produce a wider spread as compared to LED lights - Super Bright CCFL Hallo Lights. - Durable. - Waterproof-both for Interior and Exterior of Car Use. - Compatible for all cars and bikes - Color - White Package Contains:- - 2X CCFL lights - Connecting wires. - Inverter Box for power control
Compare it to ... It appears that evidently the quantity of website visitors and pageviews on This website is too small being shown, sorry.
With Lady Charmiam's sponsorship, I will also be holding an inner sculpture exhibit on the Inner Bailey terrace Frey's the 20th of this moon from seven to nine late for those who reside in the Inner Bailey. I will be sending a scroll to the waking households to inform of this update.
Should there be any issues with the times, I could open up sooner or hold it longer based on your availability.
On December 15th of 2012, Grendel's Revenge enabled free accounts for play. This announcement is following in the suit of TEC's own free account announcement, serving as a reminder to any new or returning players that are browsing the forums.
Especially not when you have enemies that can spawn in groups and enemies that can heal others. I get with a leader this is probably a non-issue but if one isn't on to recruit the new player, then it is a huge issue. Pretty sure Wandering monsters start around the same too.
After making a new character to play around with as a social, I want to quit using the character after running into a priest.
I could just run but in a game where we're all monsters, that just doesn't seem right unless it's a part of the character.
I feel that, ideally, combat should be closer to the middle than the far side (50/950). It's the reward you get from combat at those points that makes it feel like it wasn't worth the effort.
If it was easier to level for the first few hundred levels, then harder (much more than it is now, perhaps) as you get closer to max, that would be a bit more interesting. We'd also see people enter into a range of PvP feasibility more quickly since they boost into the hundreds faster.
Blackhand the Orc grumbles: I don't know what to call you. No ugly is that vile, and no proper creature of Uthgol has ever had such a lack of honor!
I'd be fine with just 300/600 or something similar to that with increasing difficulty as you got better equipment and skills.
Leader boosts would make it about that. But we're dealing with a pretty much dead playerbase. So them visiting this type of change in order to maybe pump some life into it isn't a bad idea.
If you want I can log my leader on and be a bonus/BC slave as long as you are either undead or chimera, but I will probably forget I am online and idle out very frequently.
I could be persuaded back, if some of the other older players also come back and make one last ditch attempt at reviving the game
And problems with time zone differences (I'm EST +5) might mean I'm not exactly the most visible/easiest to contact
And time zones is not a problem. I can be online when you need me to be in order to co-ordinate stuff.
One way to handle the approach to 50 and 950 might be a curve, making it increasingly difficult to get close to it.
Japes point towards Studgrob. A single point of light flashes from the middle of Studgrob's body, then starts growing larger until a great dome of bluish-white energy consumes him and his surroundings! 999999 points of damage! Studgrob roars a final time before dying
Whether you are following a special diet program or just want to take it uncomplicated on Turkey Day, try these easy, lighter takes on classic Thanksgiving recipes. Chicken wing is usually 1 of the best dishes to be served in any gatherings with good friends or households. Heart Healthy Household Cooking African American Style consists of recipes for 26 tasty and favorite African American dishes, prepared in a heart healthy way, as effectively as cooking recommendations and heart healthy meals substitutions. Healthy recipes had not acceptable compliance in the past for the reason that individuals typically comprehended that one thing healthy would not taste excellent.
Deliciously Healthy Loved ones Meals includes 40 kid-tested healthy, scrumptious, and speedy recipes, along with cooking recommendations and strategies to get children involved in the kitchen. The classic Hungarian dish becomes a one-dish dinner in this healthier take, which is produced with skinless chicken breasts and brown rice. You manage cook a tasty meals in just 30 minutes, choosing a healthy recipe that can be prepared in incredibly tiny time tends to make it achievable to make healthy food extra usually which is excellent for you and your health.
You can wow your loved ones and amaze your close friends by preparing healthy recipes that are scrumptious and rapid and in the time it requires to alter from your perform clothes into a cooking apron, you might be capable to prepare healthy recipes for diners of all ages, even young youngsters who can understand to avoid obesity by studying all about healthy foods from an early age.
Vibrant pineapple salsa flavored with ginger and Chinese five-spice powder requires this weeknight pork chop dinner out of the ordinary. Various recipes are made to make life a lot easier for active people by employing components such as fresh vegetables and spices for blending to give the nutritional components necessary to hold power levels. Or, try a turkey twist: Add two cups finely minced turkey meat along with the peas.
Eating healthy does not imply taking hours in the kitchen or cutting out selection. If you say you dont have time to commit a number of hours in the kitchen preparing healthy recipes but you want to be positive that you serve your household the finest alternatives accessible, there are lots of healthy recipes written with you in thoughts. Study how to cook the fantastic Christmas turkey this year with this informative recipe. Chicken has been a family members favourite and a cooks standby considering the fact that our earliest days.
The natural Omega-three fats in salmon make it a fantastic choice for a healthy meal that does not want a great deal added fat. I lined up all of my freezer bags across the counter and just dumped the correct amount of veggies for every single recipe in the respective bags (see beneath). It is very very simple to prepare and with some rapid and uncomplicated high-quality recipes you may have a meal with tofu any day within the week.
April 24, 2018 January 4, 2017 Ramon WilliamLeave a commentHealthcarebread, cranberry, irish, paleo, recipes, zucchini
One of the dogs greatest abilities is to be able to adapt to new environments. This takes a tremendous amount of resilience, it is so important to give your new pet time to adjust. Shelter dogs are so unique, their backgrounds are varied and you will need to understand behavior is an ever-changing fluid concept. []
There are so many fascinating aspects to pet ownership it boggles the mind when you try to break down the complexity of keeping a pet. At the core of this desire is the human-animal bond. This is a true desire and meaningful connection between two different species which serves an evolved function of meeting our []
Bizzy Crook is at it again, giving us a two for one deal in the form of a new visual for his tracks Double Cup Love and Only My Way Back.
BBN STEEL main supply c60 steel properties , Inaddition, we specialized in producing are shipbuilding steel, weathering resistant steel, boiler and pressure vessel steel, pipeline steel ans so on. we can also arrange producition according to the following standards - EN10025, EN10028, DIN 17100, ASTM A131, JISG3101, JISG3106...
EN 10277-2: 2008 Bright steel products. Technical delivery conditions. Steels for general engineering purposes: EN 10083-2: 2006 Steels for quenching and tempering.
where a = 0.246 nm. SWNTs are an important variety of carbon nanotube because most of their properties change significantly with the (n,m) values, and this dependence ...
A fullerene is a molecule of carbon in the form of a hollow sphere, ellipsoid, tube, and many other shapes. Spherical fullerenes, also referred to as ...
Henan Bebon International co.,ltd is a steel-bar-specialized factory, located in zhengzhou city, south of henan province. Found in 2000, it takes an area of 520,000 square meters. The main plant has 390,000 square meters.
Sorry for not blogging for ages... I've had a very busy couple of weeks. I've been doing a lot of editing work, and other things too.
Not everything has been a fun thing. We had to say goodbye to a friend who died of cancer a couple of weeks ago. What with his being a biker, though, it was an amazing funeral, attended by lots of his friends on bikes. I rode pillion, so had to overcome some nerves for that. Such a thoughtful day. He had planned for what he wanted for his ceremony, but he had also very much planned to live as well, and I think there's a lot we can learn from that.
I've not had much time to get to the allotment, so things have been growing again... oh my goodness.
Last weekend was the Umbrella Fair on the Racecourse - a wonderful coming together of performers and artists, organised by UFO. I started doing some MCing in the Umbrella Fair Caf on sturday to help advertise Northampton Soup, and then de-camped to the spoken Word Tent to watch some great acts. It was fab to see some folks I hadn't seen for ages.
On Sunday, I was an early act in the Spoke Word tent... doing me comedy 'n poems while the greater part of the audience hovered in the vicinity of the tent flap entrance thing (to run away)... but we got there. I went to the pub for lunch, but came back for The Anti-Poet, who were very good indeed.
This weekend, I've had my birthday (my 4th eleventh one), and I've done my history-based comedy show in Leicester (at the Guildhall in the mayor's parlour again!). This time OH came on the adventure! And one of my friends from uni came to watch, which was brilliant. I've had a lovely, lovely time, but I am quite pooped and ready for bed now.
I came up with a bit of an (I think) ingenious use for those patty pan squashes my brother gave me... they look like pies. Why not make them into an actual pie?
First of all, I cut off the "pie" lid, and scooped out the seeds in the middle (I have no idea if they'd grow again, but I saved some nonetheless).
I scored the flesh slightly to make it cook up a bit mushier, then added a small, chopped clove of garlic, a few roundels of goats cheese and a splash of milk, then grated some nutmeg for extra umami. (Hindsight Tip: I would probably add cream instead, or a bit less milk, then halfway through, spoon some of the cooked flesh into the middle, then top up the liquid - but it still made a tasty gooey pie centre).
For the "chips", I made sweet potato wedges (sweet potatoes from the cheap town grocers, 7 for 1), just roasted in the oven with a spritz of Frylight.
Served with grated carrot salad (dash of smoked paprika, white wine vinegar), oven roasted allotment tomatoes, lettuce and fresh olive oil vinaigrette, a chicken leg for OH and half an avocado for me. Yum!
Trapped in the house by chutney as I was on Saturday, I never made it to the allotment until yesterday, and things have grooooooooown!!!
All apart from the melon. No longer getting twisted. It died... having been convinced it was in a hot Mediterranean country for the first few weeks of its life, things suddenly getting a bit crappy and British again were too much. Also, I should have grown it under cover.
But even as we are still chomping through the marrow my brother grew, the tiny tiddler courgettes on our plot are turning into zeppelins.
I'm doing a lot of sitting in the house, working on books. As for getting out of the house for anything other than the day job, I've got, like, 3 proper gigs coming up... and a handful of open mics. Loads of my mates are at a science fiction convention in Helsinki, doing plays, or are in Edinburgh for the festival. Or Camden for that one. Or off on the first leg of an exciting European tour... So, I'm feeling slightly meh...
My friend and neighbour came round today with a load of plums from his garden tree... and then shortly after came back with a huge bottle of vinegar!
And so without delay, I began the chutney production line: cleaning and sterilising jars, checking for recipes (I went with Good Housekeeping's Plum and Apple Chutney from the 70s). Quick pop to Aldi for more carrots and onions, and I had everything I needed apart from cloves... ah well, just put a bit more all spice in.
3lbs plums, 1lb apples, 1lb onions, 1/2lb carrots... 450g sugar (I don't know why I have both Imperial and Metric there), 225g raisins (donated this week by a friend who is returning to Weight Watchers, where they are an evil 3 points per spoon!!) and 1 and 3/4 pints vinegar looks like this.
Won't take long I thought. I'll just do a bit of editing while that's simmering, then pop to the allotment.
Recipe was supposed to make 5.5lbs. Well, I think I evaporated 2lbs. Just enough to fill all my spare jars, plus enough for this week's sarnies in a pot. I'll put some pretty labels on tomorrow. Or functional, depending on destination.
And things taking longer than they are supposed to is the story of my life, as I wanted to finish that editing job today, and that will need to be tomorrow now.
Fresh strawberries and marshmallows paired with quality milk and white chocolate, topped with milk chocolate curls and red shimmer powder.
Our Bates Stamping software is unique from other bates stamp software, as we are label centric. Easily create a label with our WYSIWYG interface and we will place it on the documents, at a location you specify.
Along with the basic features of software Bates Numbering, Bates Professional 17 provides numerous advanced features, such as:
Automatically convert files to PDF. This includes Excel XLS, Word DOC, Powerpoint PPT, Multipage TIF, TXT, HTML, and most graphics formats
Email Bates Number Outlook Emails including PST, EML, MSG, files. The process automatically converts the e-mail, including attachments, Bates Stamps and saves it as a single PDF file.
Merge The output of any Bates Stamping job can be merged to one PDF file. Add Title Page and/or Table of Contents to PDF file with the click of the mouse.
Directories Bates Stamp a selected folder. You can include all sub-folders. The output can recreate the folder structure or merge the files into a single folder.
Error Files If a document can not be Bates Stamped for any reason the file is skipped and moved to Documents\Bates\2017\ErrorFiles and listed in Documents\Bates\2017\Filelist for that project so you can fix and reprocess without stopping the project.
Rename Output Documents Three levels of file rename, default, simple, advanced. Select how you want file renamed in User Options. Bates Stamp and save renamed files to folder or Merge to one file.
Convert Automatically convert most formats (PST, EML, MSG, DOC, XLS, JPG, PNG, TIF, PPT, TXT, HTML, etc.) to PDF and Bates Number in a single operation
Existing Data Our Database remembers Bates Stamp information in a hierarchical manner (User, Project, Job), including next number. Just select case, add files to continue a bates numbering project with ease.
Value The best Bates Stamp Software program you can purchase with the best Support in the industry. We offer a program to fit your needs and budget. Call us, yes we answer the phone (you will never hear "please listen closely our menu has changed"). We will show you how to increase your productivity and save you time.
It doesnt matter how rarely I post, I cant help but throw out my list of favorite albums each year. What I do hate is trying to order them! I love them all equally!! Well almost. Anyhow, here are the albums that Ive most enjoyed this year in some sort of loose order. If youre on Spotify, I have a Best of 2011 list where you can listen to them all. My username is carmonium23.
Tagged 2011, Albums, Alela Diane, bands, Best, Bon Iver, Braids, Burst Apart, Cults, Dye it Blonde, EMA, Era Extraa, Fading Parade, Favorite, Fleet Foxes, Forest Fire, Future Islands, Go Tell Fire to the Mountain, Helplessness Blues, Native Speaker, Neon Blue Bird, Neon Indian, Nightlife, Ollabelle, On the Water, Papercuts, Past Life Martyred Saints, Phantogram, Slave Ambient, Smith Westerns, Smother, Snowman Absence, Staring at the X, The Antlers, The War on Drugs, Top, Washed Out, Wild Beasts, Wild Divine, Within and Without, WU LYF, Yuck
Its been a long time since Ive made a music post so I decided to make a top 10 list of my favorite albums of the year so far. Narrowing it down was pretty challenging but I think Ive finally done it! I was surprised (and delighted) to see that half of them are from artists that Ive been listening to for years.
Tagged 18 Hours (of love), 2010, Arcade Fire, Autolux, Broken Social Scene, Census, Dance Yrself Clean, Forgiveness Rock Record, Heavy Makeup, Infinity Guitars, Innerspeaker, K-X-P, Latin Lover, LCD Soundsystem, Maniac Meat, Mi Ami, Miami, Music, Ready to Start, Sleigh Bells, Solitude is Bliss, Steal Your Face, Tame Impala, Texico Bitches, The Foals, The Suburbs, This is Happening, Tobacco, Top 10 list, Total Life Forever, Transit Transit, Treats
  ,   .          .     ,       .  -     .      .       . ,     ,       .
Whoever were helping and however large or small the contract, the way we work follows the same four-stage process: Solve, Source, Stock and Supply.
Our approach is simple. First we want to get to know you, in doing so we find out about how you operate, what your business goals are and how we can help. This diagnosis process allows us to fully appreciate any issues you have and actively solve those problems.
We love a challenge, but we love solving them even more. Our work is all about finding, creating and monitoring solutions to whatever procurement challenge you need help with. We start by thoroughly understanding your business, its industry and any problems or issues youre experiencing, and then we look at the specifics of your requirement including factors like product and service needs, budget, supply and logistics.
The solutions we build leave businesses leaner, more streamlined and better protected and prepared, and although no two solutions are the same, the end results are always a revelation.
Twenty years experience and great relationships with trusted partners means were able to track down exactly the products your business needs, whether thats a specific product youve requested or one weve recommended ourselves.
The scope of our networks also means that no product is too weird and wonderful  or difficult to find  for us to source and supply in whatever quantities fit the brief, and at costs that fit the bottom line.
Thanks to our own warehousing capabilities, state-of-the-art online ordering and just-in-time stock control for those that need it, weve got the flexibility and facilities to build the re-supply solution youve been waiting for.
Whats more, well keep you in the loop with detailed stock information available at the click of a mouse. Expect no-compromise stock control solutions, with the major added bonus of radically improved cash flow thanks to just-in-time efficiency and payment terms for the way your business works.
In any type and every size of business, having the right products exactly where and when you need them is a must. At Formkraft were fanatical about accurate distribution and punctual delivery, and we see it as our responsibility to make sure they never become your problem, whether its single or multi-point delivery your business needs.
From carefully selecting couriers we can count on right through to tracking shipments to make sure mistakes are avoided and everything runs like clockwork, we make sure the supply chain is one less thing for you to worry about.
Continuity of label supply is paramount to ensure that products leave the premises punctually in this time-critical business.
GP training. Im currently taking a year out in between ST2 and ST3 doing an OOPE working with Health Education England setting up the new Supported Return to Training programme.
I decided during my F3 and F4 years. I wasnt at all sure what I wanted to do. During my foundation years I seriously considered leaving medicine  to be honest, I considered this most of the way through medical school too, but something kept me there.
In my F3 I was a clinical teaching fellow and working supernumerary on the acute medical unit. I really enjoyed that. I did consider doing CMT or ACCS acute med, but I couldnt face the idea of being a med reg and doing nights and weekends well into my thirties.
I applied to medicine thinking I would be a GP, but I think that was mainly because my mum is one. My experience of general practice through medical school and foundation training was so varied that I kept going to and fro on my decision. I realised recently that I can make of it what I want, and that it will be hugely dependent on the practice I choose to work at.
My main aim in life has always been to have a family. I decided on GP because the training is short, and I was desperate to be in control of my own life instead of being sent to hospitals all over the country  especially as my partner was an EM trainee at the time.
It ticks a lot of boxes for me  control, options for a portfolio career early on, leadership and education roles. I wouldnt say I love being in the GP surgery particularly, but I do enjoy continuity of care, and theres definitely parts of being a GP which suit me.
For me my life outside of work has always been more important so finding a career that wouldnt completely take over my life was the main deciding factor.
I also loved my ST1 GP placement which confirmed for me that I do enjoy general practice in the right environment.
I havent done any! I resat finals in 4th year. Im dreading postgraduate exams, which is possibly why I have avoided them for so long Im booked onto a course about how to revise for the AKT.
I have done a post-graduate certificate in medical education, but as this was coursework and essays it reminded me of school and I thoroughly enjoyed it! It was much more opinion-based than fact-based, so suited the way I think better.
Im currently OOPE working in HEE so Im in the office 9-5, attending meetings and working on projects.
I enjoy seeing the same patient several times, particularly seeing when I have had a positive impact. I like using time as a diagnostic factor, something we dont often have the privilege of doing in hospital medicine. I like the autonomy and being part of a team where theres less of a hierarchical structure. I like that people tell me everything about their life and trust me with the innermost details of their problems, often things they havent shared with anyone else. I like seeing a whole family and seeing the connections between them.
But it can be difficult, sitting in a room by yourself and having to make decisions in a short space of time. I also dont like patients coming with preconceived ideas of how I should treat them.
Im not a fan of the attitude other doctors and healthcare professionals have towards just GPs. Being undermined or unappreciated in hospital posts or when calling for advice, or referring. Hospital doctors often dont realise that while they only need to know about their speciality, were expected to know everything about every speciality. When we refer or ask for advice, its because they have more knowledge in that area, not because were stupid.
From my perspective, its being able to control my own life and have a portfolio career early on in my career compared to my hospital colleagues.
Honestly, I havent had that many yet  Ive only done 6 months of GP as a trainee and 4 months as an F2, Im sure theres a lot to come! Id say most of my challenges as a doctor have been communication issues, either with staff or with patients and relatives.
What do you think are the most critical personality traits that a doctor should possess for a career in GP?
Some senior GPs may say that the GP training programme is not long enough to get a broad-enough experience in the 3 years of training, what do you think?
I have to say Im glad Ive done a few extra years during my journey to being a GP. I dont think its necessary, but it is useful to have a bit more life experience and patient experience. I believe theyre continually looking into ways of making the GP training programme fit for purpose. There are ways of targeting our training better, rather than making it longer. Service provision in a hospital post isnt useful training if all the shifts you do are nights on the labour ward
Another concern of many trainees is that General Practice doesnt offer the same research and academic opportunities in comparison to hospital specialties. What are your thoughts on this?
I completely disagree  there are lots of opportunities out there and with the government so keen to increase community-based care, there are a lot of opportunities to set up new ways of working and collaborate with secondary care to create and learn new things. You just need to look out for them, or take the initiative!
Yes and no. Its a hard time to be in the NHS full-stop. The pressure on GPs is intense. However, this means theres a lot of opportunity for innovation, and its easier to bargain with practices to create jobs that fit you as they are desperately in need of GPs.
Whats your number one piece of advice to junior doctors who are considering applying for GP training?
Dont rush, take your time, do a taster week, do an F3 or F4 or F5. Learn about yourself and use that knowledge to help you decide what is the right career for you. Consider careers advice or coaching (available through your Professional Support Unit usually or privately).
If you believe that life as a Junior Doctor doesn't need to be so full of frustration and admin and that as a profession we can achieve more when we come together then join more than 10,000 other Junior Doctors on Messly.
What To Do If You Have to Cancel a Vacation No matter how thoroughly you plan your trip, last-minute changes can happen. Follow these tips and they may help you avoid paying full cancellation fees.
No matter how thoroughly you plan your trip, last-minute changes to your personal schedule still happen. If you need to alter or cancel your travel plans a headache, and a lot of lost money, can be next.
While some cancellation fees are unavoidable, there are a few simple things to keep in mind when these things happen. Follow these tips and they may help you avoid paying full cancellation fees.
When booking big ticket items for travel make sure you read the fine print. This includes their cancellation policy. For hotels, I usually book with Hotels.com  this is because their cancellation policy includes general refunds at most hotels. I go a step further (per usual) and always make a note on my calendar on the last day it is free to cancel.
For flights, you should know, federal law states you have 24 hours to cancel your flight from the time you book your flight if you book it at least seven days before the departure date without having to pay a fee. This only applies to flights booked through the carrier itself, not flights booked through third-party websites.
Just like most industries, time is money  so whatever you do, dont put it off. The minute you know you cant go, start making calls to cancel all your plans. Begin with the big-ticket items, flights and hotel reservations, and work your way down to smaller things like tours and restaurant reservations.
Its important to start early because if the hotel, resort, or cruise line has time to resell your tickets you have a higher chance of receiving a refund.
Even if you think a reservation is hopeless, it doesnt hurt to ask. Recently, I had to cancel a trip due to a vaccination error (that was completely my fault). I had to cancel my entire trip and found out the night before! Instead of giving up, I called and explained the situation. The hotel gave me a full refund because they receive tons of walk in service and since it was high season they knew they would sell the room immediately. Pleasant surprise, that I didnt see coming.
Notice I said start making calls, not sending emails. Talking to a person, and especially the right person, can make a huge difference in getting a partial or even full refund.
You want to speak to someone in management, as high up as possible. Remember, a manager is much more likely to waive a cancellation fee or refund your money than an hourly employee. When you first call youre probably getting a normal employee, ask to speak to managers and slowly move your way up the chain of command.
As you are speaking to different employees remember to be EXTREMELY polite. Anger in these situations, will get you nowhere. Most hospitality workers want you to come back to their resort, or use their tour company for when you do visit and will work hard to give you the fairest refund possible  if you are nice.
If you manage to score any sort of refund write down that confirmation code and keep it somewhere safe. Keep an eye on your bank accounts or credit card statement and only discard the code after the money has been refunded for a couple of days.
If a vendor cant refund your cash, your next inquiry should be about any sort of alternatives other than money. This may be in the form of a voucher, or rain-check.
That same trip I had to cancel because of vaccinations I had tons of tours booked. Although I wasnt able to get a refund for them they did promise to reschedule all the tours when I did get a chance to come. Just like confirmation codes I had them send me that in writing. I kept the emails and when I did go a couple of months later I rebooked all the tours!
In the future, think about add insurance onto big-ticket items like hotels and flights. Most of the time, insurance policies cost a mere 3-4% of the total cost of your trip. They will make getting a refund for last minute changes much easier and fast.
When traveling, you want to make every dollar count. Make sure you know the best way to exchange foreign currency and stay tuned for my next article which will detail all the tricks that will save you money.
Tags: avoid cancellation fees, booking a trip, cancel travel plans, cancellation policies, have to cancel a trip, have to cancel a vacation, how to cancel a vacation, tips for cancelling a vacation
Terms, conditions, features, availability, pricing, fees, service and support options subject to change without notice.
The beauty of a personalized home is that it reflects the buyers individuality, but when design trends take hold and become standard, its sometimes difficult to be truly different. Granite countertops are a case in point. Where granite was once what everyone wanted for kitchen countertops and was readily available, its popularity is now fading a bit, opening up the possibilities for new and diverse materials. Countertops made of metal, marble, Silestone, quartz or reclaimed wood are now popping up for consideration in new kitchen design. And light and bright kitchens have the most modern feel, right? Not so fast say industry experts, citing the movement toward brown, deep blue, charcoal and sage as part of the kitchen palette. So, what do you think about wallpaperin or out? The answer is IN, but the look is so much more modern than what you might expect.
What better location to put your personal stamp on a new home than in Shavano Highlands, a gorgeous new Denton Communities gated residential development on North Loop 1604 near Shavano Park. Spectacular luxury homes from four preferred builders entice buyers with highly desirable features including energy efficiency, premium materials and top quality craftsmanship throughout, plus the opportunity for personalization.
Shavano Highlands is close to top schools in the Northside Independent School District: Blattman Elementary, Rawlinson Middle School and Clark High School. Popular recreational activities, notable restaurants and upscale retail centers are also nearby. The community meets all of the criteria for a central location that offers the ultimate in convenience. Buyers are also drawn to the beautifully designed luxury homes with amazing vistas and estate lots with mature trees. Visit the amenities-filled model homes and meet with the builders representatives to choose the floorplan that best suits your familys lifestyle.
The David Weekley Homes Windrose model at 17727 Horseman Road shows off the innovative designs and highly livable spaces characteristic of the builders homes in Shavano Highlands.
From the exquisite exterior to the appealing interior, the David Weekley Homes Windrose model at 17727 Horseman Road shows off the innovative designs and highly livable spaces characteristic of the builders homes in Shavano Highlands. The model has four bedrooms, four-and-a-half baths, a study and upstairs game room. The gourmet kitchen has a huge island thats great for food preparation and quick family dining. This home is built for entertaining with its enclosed outdoor courtyard with a fire pit, and a covered back porch featuring a fireplace and complete outdoor kitchen. Theres also a 3-car garage. Prices start at $476,990.
Luxurious details are found throughout Monticellos spacious four bedroom model at 18107 Abingdon Place.
For the last 25 years, Monticello Homes has been building luxury homes in the greater San Antonio area. Monticello Homes offers award winning designs, luxury features, quality craftsmanship, and a stream-lined homebuilding process to our homeowners. Luxurious details are found throughout the spacious model at 18107 Abingdon Place. The open floorplan has four bedrooms, game room, flex/bonus room and a spacious study. The home features wood flooring on most of the first floor, a 54 linear fireplace in the great room and a Thermador cooktop with Bosch appliances in the kitchen. A thoughtfully planned outdoor living space in the back is prime for parties and entertaining. Prices start in the $580s for Monticello Homes floorplans in Shavano Highlands.
The Rialto Homes model is located at 3726 Coggeshall and features stone archways in the entry and living area and a vaulted cedar-wrapped beam ceiling in the master bedroom and study.
Rialto Homes emphasizes flexibility and choice in designing distinctive, finely detailed Shavano Highlands homes to suit each familys unique needs. The Rialto Homes model is located at 3726 Coggeshall and features stone archways in the entry and living area and a vaulted cedar-wrapped beam ceiling in the master bedroom and study. A large, curved kitchen island in granite is both stunning and functional and complements the Bosch stainless steel appliances. The home incorporates numerous energy efficient features. Prices start from the high $500s.
This Japhet Builders model at at 17822 Bellini Hill incorporates natural materials such as hardwood floors, stone walls and granite counters.
A prestigious builder of beautiful San Antonio residences since 1974, Japhet Builders is dedicated to creating the ideal home for families in Shavano Highlands. The Texas contemporary model home is located at 17822 Bellini Hill and incorporates natural materials such as hardwood floors, stone walls and granite counters. High ceilings with abundant lighting create an airy and spacious interior. Japhet Builders homes in Shavano highlands are available in the $540s and up.
Entering Shavano Highlands, visitors have easy access to the beautifully landscaped gated entrances from Loop 1604 on Shavano Ranch Road. Destination dining and shopping are nearby at The Shops at La Cantera and The Rim. Entertainment venues such as Topgolf and iFly are just minutes away, as are numerous top-rated golf courses, including La Cantera Golf Clubs Palmer Course and Resort Course, SilverHorn, Cedar Creek and Canyon Springs. Shavano Highlands residents are eligible for membership at the conveniently close Shavano Park Tennis Club. Family fun awaits at Six Flags Fiesta Texas and SeaWorld San Antonio, located within easy driving distance of Shavano Highlands. Shavano Highlands is also within a few miles of the San Antonio International Airport.
Once part of the expansive Stowers Ranch, Shavano Highlands is located along Salado Creek, which will provide easy access to the Salado Creek Greenway, a section of the Howard W. Peak Greenway Trails System encircling the city. The 320-acre Eisenhower Park, a designated natural area with hiking trails, picnic pavilions and a playground, is also nearby.
Denton Communities has developed and designed upscale residential communities such as Shavano Highlands in the San Antonio area for over 70 years. Our unique approach to thoughtful preservation of mature trees and consideration of topography has created an exemplary community reflective of residents lifestyles and values, said Brenda Armstrong, Director of Marketing for Denton Communities. We performed detailed analysis and engineering for planning and construction of each phase in the Shavano Highlands neighborhood, which homebuyers certainly notice and appreciate.
Reconnect Browse live models. To play with my body and with your mind! Browse my video gallery. I'm so incredibly naughty You wouldn't believe it! Do You think I'm attractive? You are welcome to the intense pleasure!!!!!!!
Its that time of year again where everything gets seriously fuzzy, and it usually starts with snuggling up in a faux fur jacket. I own quite few of them and theyre everything I wear during Winter season. I love the way they turn every outfit into something special. They just give a little extra to every look. Ive seen a lot styles, lengths, materials this season and so many different colours. There was one faux fur jacket I still remember, a ombre one with rose, yellow and pastel blue. Ive never found that one online but still dreaming of it.
how to dress sophisticated wondering how some women always look so pulled together shines in this department and its no may be a woman of many dress sophisticated.
sophisticated chic dress code uk fashionista mini house of fashion suave and,sophisticated dress or ship for wedding guest silk revolve smart code,jumpsuit blue sexy classy sophisticated style dress smart casual code resort party uk,sophisticated office party dress code or ship uk,sophisticated dress or ship profile of classy woman in and sandals walking code party uk,7 office wear ideas how to not dress boring work sophisticated suave and code designs,how to look sophisticated and corporate yet modern hip elegance dress code smart suave,dress sophisticated on a budget definition up games sweetheart short ball gown jeweled beaded white tulle,sophisticated navy blue mother of the bride dresses dress or ship on a budget uk,sophisticated casual dress code how to fashion style magazine for wedding chic.
As it turns out, the rumors about carrots are true: they help your eyes and improve vision. They contain beta-carotene, a form of vitamin A. Not only does this give carrots their eye-catching color, it helps your eyes function at  Continue reading 
Archives Select Month November 2018 (7) October 2018 (4) September 2018 (3) August 2018 (2) July 2018 (4) June 2018 (3) May 2018 (2) April 2018 (2) March 2018 (3) February 2018 (2) January 2018 (6) December 2017 (6) November 2017 (14) October 2017 (11) September 2017 (7) August 2017 (11) July 2017 (9) June 2017 (8) May 2017 (7) April 2017 (8) March 2017 (9) February 2017 (8) January 2017 (10) December 2016 (10) November 2016 (12) October 2016 (8) September 2016 (11) August 2016 (12) July 2016 (13) June 2016 (12) May 2016 (12) April 2016 (13) March 2016 (12) February 2016 (16) January 2016 (11) December 2015 (12) November 2015 (10) October 2015 (7) September 2015 (6) August 2015 (5) June 2015 (5) May 2015 (5) April 2015 (5) March 2015 (6) February 2015 (8) January 2015 (1) December 2014 (1) November 2014 (2) October 2014 (1) September 2014 (1) August 2014 (3) July 2014 (3) June 2014 (3) May 2014 (2) April 2014 (1) March 2014 (3) February 2014 (4) January 2014 (1) December 2013 (5) November 2013 (2) October 2013 (4) September 2013 (4) August 2013 (8) July 2013 (2) June 2013 (8) May 2013 (3) April 2013 (4) March 2013 (15) February 2013 (7) January 2013 (14) December 2012 (7) November 2012 (12) October 2012 (17) September 2012 (14) August 2012 (15) July 2012 (9) June 2012 (9) May 2012 (14) April 2012 (6) March 2012 (9) February 2012 (8) January 2012 (7) December 2011 (8) November 2011 (5) October 2011 (6) September 2011 (8) August 2011 (4) June 2011 (1) May 2011 (4) March 2011 (1) February 2011 (3) November 2010 (1)
The owner of this website, Pro-Count, Inc., is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking guestdietblog.com to Amazon properties including, but not limited to, amazon.com, endless.com, myhabit.com, smallparts.com, or amazonwireless.com.
Views expressed in the articles here are those of the respective authors, and do not necessarily reflect those of the owner of this website.
This site receives many comments, almost all of which are spam, most of which are automatically deleted.
The comments that pass the automated spam checks are moderated to insure that they are on-topic and add something to the conversation.
Kurt Vile reveals his ultimate professional goal and discusses the first time he realized music could be his life. Comedian and director Bobcat Goldthwait talks about being a real-life Forrest Gump. Sort of.
[S437] Will, John Polhill, (written on 23 August 1611 and proved in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury by Edward Polhill, son of the deceased, on 23 September 1611, registered copy;), PROB 11/118.
6th grade science worksheets atoms on energy to free 8th scientific method,3rd grade science worksheets free 2nd educational 6 electricity for graders figurative,science worksheets grade awesome physical 5 canada 5th scientific method 7th online,4th grade science worksheets free for download them and try to solve 6 pdf first printable,fun science worksheets for graders images grade 6 energy 3rd free with answer key,grade 5 science worksheets canada 8th with answer key 4th on energy free printable,2nd grade science worksheets first on the sun 5 alberta worksheet lovely best education images,7th grade science worksheets with answer key 6 matter activity for high school printable 8th atoms,grade weather worksheets 5th science on the human body 2nd force and motion 8th matter,grade 5 science worksheets human body 6th atoms 8th scientific method best image collection.
This product will guarantee satisfaction today will come. Fashion Sunglasses Women Colorful Designer Vintage Sun Glasses Lady Round Shades Street Style Frames Eyewear Another popular product in the category. ##keywords## Now that our online trading partner, the number one online store in the region, is launching a great promotion for customers who order through the Internet. Fashion Sunglasses Women Colorful Designer Vintage Sun Glasses Lady Round Shades Street Style Frames Eyewear This is easy to use, free shipping nationwide, and you can choose to pay for goods at the destination. I do not have to risk being tricked to pay first and then the other is not like the ads to hurt.
It's worth it. Some of you buy brand name perfume. Buy skin cream. Buy cosmetics at many stores if we take the name of the product we buy. If you want to find the price and compare the price of the online store, you will get the answer to the price savings and if you buy many products.
If you buy a department store expensive goods and do not have other products that you want. But change to buy online through the online store system you can buy at a cheaper price. The rest of the remaining orders will also be available. Change the traditional buying patterns or look for traditional products and then buy. Fashion Sunglasses Women Colorful Designer Vintage Sun Glasses Lady Round Shades Street Style Frames Eyewear Not difficult Try the website service. We offer a wide range of products. Our shop is an online store that offers a wide range of products to facilitate your purchase. The price is good. Also help delivery to home. Just click to buy, then pay for goods and wait for goods at home immediately. It is not difficult to send a purchase. Also respond to the buyer good. For customers who want to order. Products through online store system, we sell. Fashion Sunglasses Women Colorful Designer Vintage Sun Glasses Lady Round Shades Street Style Frames Eyewear And many more..
You can visit to buy. Fashion Sunglasses Women Colorful Designer Vintage Sun Glasses Lady Round Shades Street Style Frames Eyewear Our stores Or choose other products in our shop as well. Open 24 hours.
Rachelle has been a Medical Assistant at SFMC for 7 years. The last 5 years she has also been the lab manager. She gained her Medical Assistant credential from Empire Business College (California) in 1995. She is a native of Valley Ford, California, but has made her home Shoshone. She is a active member of the community and deeply cares for the patients that come to the clinic. She is certified in phlebotomy, EKG, drug screenings, CPR, and our Continuous Glucose Monitoring Sensor.
Rachelle sits on the Lincoln Country Recreation Board. In her spare time she enjoys reading and following her daughter around to various sporting events.
Watch full movies online free on Yify TV. Yify is a simple way where you will watch your favorite movies.
Your home is your castle, your escape and your biggest investment. And whether its a modest ranch or a two-story Tudor, it deserves the finest exterior siding on the market. Thats why homeowners and professionals turn to Mastic Home Exterior products. With beauty thats more than skin deep, backed by a history of industry-changing innovation and proven quality, its not just a smart choice for a virtually maintenance-free finish. Its the best.
Our warranties set the standard for providing confidence in what you're purchasing. If the products are defective, we will repair, refinish or replace them. These products are covered for as long as you live in and own your home, and if you sell your home, the warranty is transferable and the new owners are covered for 50 years from the date of original installation. See the specific terms of our warranty below.
I went to Craft Edge http://www.craftedge.com/download/download.html and hit the download button for my version. It was pretty quick and painless.
I just purchased a new computer running Windows 7 OS. I had previously purchased SCAL 2.0 for my old Vista OS computer. So, I installed the latest version of SCAL on the new computer and it appeared that everything installed correctly. However, when I select "cut with Cricut" it hangs up at "Checking Mat..." In order to stop the process I have to right click on the SCAL icon and select "close window". Upon doing this the SCAL opens again and gives me the error "an error occurred while trying to cut". Did I do something wrong with the install? I have no idea why it won't work on my new computer...help! I should also mention that I downloaded the USB drivers. I have an Intel Core i3 CPU processor and I verified that I have the correct Cricut firmware.
Have you tried to update the firmware on your Cricut machine using the trial version of Design Studio? Sometimes that fixes the problem.
Also, there may have been a problem with the installation and activation. Did you get a message saying it was complete when you activated your SCAL software on the Craft Edge website?
Yes I did get a confirmation of activation note. and no the problem has not been fixed. "still freezes a Checking Mat"
Read this topic. There is a post with a picture. You might want to check your computer and see if there is an Exclamation mark anywhere on your drivers.
I upgraded to SCAL2 and now I cant find my old svg files?? I also installed Ad Lib?/ Can anyone help. The files I did find were not correct the shapes were skewed???
an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking
1994 honda civic fuse box diagram This schematic diagram serves to provide an understanding of the functions and workings of an installation in detail, describing the equipment / installation parts (in symbol form) and the connections.
1994 honda civic fuse box diagram This circuit diagram shows the overall functioning of a circuit. All of its essential components and connections are illustrated by graphic symbols arranged to describe operations as clearly as possible but without regard to the physical form of the various items, components or connections.
The James Madison vs Richmond game is up for 3:00 PM EST later today evening. The match will be going down at the E. Claiborne...
The Stony Brook vs Richmond match will be tipping off at 7:00 PM EST later today evening. The game will be happening at the E....
The Albany vs Richmond is scheduled for 3:00 PM EST later today. It will be happening at the E. Claiborne Robins Stadium in Richmond, Virginia....
My friend gave his son an at home dna test, and it came back the boy wasn't his. The boy told his mother so she got mad and took him for even more child support. He took those test results the judge wouldn't even look at them, and wouldn't order an official dna test either. He told me while she walked out the courthouse she said, that's why you're paying for a kid thats not even yours bitch. right in front of the courthouse. He won't even talk to the boy. I think thats wrong especially since that's the only man he knows as his father, and the boy is a teenager.
what I love in these situations is that the mom's never tell the children that "yeah..I lied to your father for x amount of years and he thought alluyuh were his till last week and now i'm tryna take him for the majority of his funds because i'm mad at him that he found out". How come mom's never say this....and do the children (that are old enough to understand 15 and above) even ask? Or do they just takes moms word that dad done lost his mind and all of a sudden don't love them anymore?
I understand his anger. I mean...it sucks that the child has to suffer because mom is trifling but he prolly looks in that childs face and sees the mother. It ain't right but I understand it.
Again laws need to change with the times. These courts know that alot of these cases are unfair and fucced up. But then again...why should they care? Don't the courts get a cut when a dudes check has to be garnished?
Thats messed up. I believe you about the judge not even bothering to look at the DNA results. I know a few people who went in with receipts and the judge wouldn't bother to look. They clump all men into one ain't ish pile. As far as they are concerned 100% of the men that walk in that courtroom are deadbeats. I kind of understand because there are so many deadbeats but there are exceptions to the rule. These things aren't judged on a case by case basis.
I wouldn't be surprised if the boy turned out to be his cousins. Yrs later he found out she was hoeing around with other people including his cousin, and some of his friends.
if the government is mandating that a man must take care of kids b/c that is the only father they have known then they need to mandate fines for the mother as well
How the hell does the real father and the mother get away for not taking care of their responsibilities.
idc if he is the only father they have known. oh well, go on a quest to find your real father once you become an adult.
and at home DNA test are NOT recognized in court. I know a multitude of men that have used those w/o the mother knowing. 2 of them found out the kid was not theirs. its sad.
yall are making this about the mam getting paid, but what about the kids? a whole life and all of a sudden your dad doesn't want to take care of you anymore? thats low.
it's a complicated situation for sure and the mom shouldnt "win" but 16 years is a long ass time. if you raised kids as your own, you are obligated to and responsible for them.
Yeah, it doesn't change how he feels about them, but at the end of the day those other fathers should be providing for "their" children. That's the logic of it.
he is their father. he should continue providing for them. how can you care and want whats best for them if you want to withdraw any type of support from them?
SOUNDS LIKE THE MAIN TYPE OF SUPPORT FOLKS ARE HARPING ON IS FINANCIAL SUPPORT. He can be there emotionally if he chooses but to say i must pay for kids i did not father. HELL NO. let the mother and the kids figure it out.
I have two bundles of 22" kinky curly and the matching 14" lace that I am looking to part with. One bundle still the tag from the vendor. It was an impulse buy. I prefer to keep my coarse Yaki. Lace uncut on closure. None were ever used. I am having issues with this pre Atari form and can email pics to serious inquiries only. $300. Will priority mail after completed via PayPal.
I have just purchased Heat Free hair (for kurls) looking forward to installing. Anyone tried this hair?
Hair I will not be repurchasing is Jace Beauty DBN curly hair, it sheds so badly, so bummed that I paid good hard cash to that company. It took 7 weeks to arrived after it was meant to be a 3 week turnaround, I couldn't cancel my order which I found so frustrating as they delayed my order ....by far the worst hair company I have dealt with. Won't be doing business with them again.
I know you asked her, but if you'll look on HF's website under the reviews for the wefted for kurls collection, you'll find one by me on June 21, and another July22.
The hair ended up being a hot mess for me. It shed a lot, I ended up taking it out after 3 weeks. To the vendors credit they did ask me to send the hair back so they could inspect it and maybe replace it, but to be honest just did not want another bundle from them.
I really like Kamari hair, so far my favourite vendor. I ordered the curly and have no problems with it, and really like the vendor, so I would order from them again.
So a few weeks ago I ordered 3 bundles of Malaysian Kinky Curly hair from a Chinese vendor and I just got around to making my u-part wig out of it. I used almost all three bundles of the hair except for a little piece of a bundle. All the bundles were 20 inches and I told the vendor I wanted a natural #2 color or something closest to it. I didn't get a closure, because I wanted leave out this time. This is my 2nd ever hair purchase (the 1st was from an American vendor) and I am satisfied thus far. This is also my second time making a u-part wig. After research I decided to purchase a Japanese swim cap to make this wig and I am so glad I did! They are the BOMB lol! I will update after I have worn the hair for awhile. Also I sealed all my wefts]
The closure I got doesn't really match with the rest of the hair since I got it from a different place, so if you're selling a closure or know where i can buy one that matches wit this curl pattern, let me know
I think this is one of those situations that you don't know what you will do until your are in that situation.
hypothetical question based off the story i posted, when asked if he would do it again, he said yes he would.
I agree. Every situation's not going to be the same. I could go in saying that I'd gladly lose a leg to save a life and end up losing my life in the process.
yeah but my point is his reaction was normal because there was no perceived danger in helping but its different when you "know" youre going to lose a leg.
if you asked me would i give up a kidney for someone i knew who was going to die if they didnt get one. i could tell you without a doubt (been there) no i would not.
Sure, Robot Wars is fun, but it's got nothing on the real life, fighting, robot mechas that look as if they came straight out of Avatar, Pacific...
Basic Color Categories Every language in the world has a word for the different colors right? We would believe the answer is "yes," and that's true for many...
For people that have heard of Elon Musk, multi billionaire, business magnate, CEO and founder of Tesla Inc. and co-founder of SolarCity knows that he is not...
Should a city be designed for the people living in it or for the people traveling through it? The infrastructure of most major cities have been more...
Have you ever thought that you might be carrying a future masterpiece in your pocket? Too often people want to think that art is for other people,...
The Greek experimental artist Petros Vrellis has become known as the man who thought of A new way to knit. Vrellis, who has been a part of many...
Looking for a puzzle for the mind; that is also a game with a lesson? Look no further than the Empathy Game. To play there must be...
Recording artist and owner of Little Pine restaurant, Moby, sat down to discuss the vision he had for his vegan restaurant, a vision for both beauty and...
Everyone loves to laugh. The Expert is a short film from 2014 is a witty and sadly semi-realistic office parody that will have you laughing in no...
Sunspring, a short science fiction film that's not entirely what it seems. It's about three people living in a weird future, possibly on a space station, probably in...
Giants stalk the shifting sands as the lost city of Stylos awakens from its deathless slumber. The Fourth Age of Man is at hand! All that stands between the gigantic hordes of Stylos and their conquest of the world is your band of adventurers. Sinister traps, implacable foes, and the crushing tread of the dread Colossus all lurk within these pages, eager to test the courage and cunning of even the most accomplished adventurers.
Tenkars Tavern: This is a bit of a thinking players type of adventure, because when you think about it, the usual method of sword and spell is probably not the most effective manner to take down a 300 tall undead titan. I like adventures that make you think. No worries, still plentyof other stuff to kill or be killed by.
RPGNow fan review: Subtlety this aint, but the previous DCC adventures should have told you that. Instead, DCC presents us yet another momentous world-shattering epic adventure that should keep your players busy. Or, at least, very very dead.
If you're curious about what a truly nurturing community of believers is like, then you should come to the Join Us section to find out how you can get involved. We hope you join us.
Find out about the Episcopal church and the rich history of this wonderful organization on our Episcopal Church page.
Klayton E. Nelson was Lecturer in Viticulture and Assistant Viticulturalist in the Experiment Station, Davis; Maynard A. Amerine was Professor of Enology and Enologist in the Experiment Station, Davis.
Fine sweet table wines of the Sauternes type owe their quality to a fungus, Botrytis cinerea Pers., which causes the affected grapes to, shrivel and the percentage of sugar per unit of volume to increase. The quantity of wine produced is relatively small, but its quality is proportionately high.
Although the fungus occurs wherever grapes are grown, climatic conditions favorable to its development prevail in only a few limited regions in Europe. Since California does not provide a suitable field environment for this desirable development of B. cinerea, a plant experiment was designed to provide the necessary conditions of temperature and relative humidity. Harvested grapes were placed on wire trays and sprayed with an aqueous suspension of the spores of the fungus. Most favorable results were obtained when spraying was followed by a 1- or 2-day infection period at 68 F and 95 to 100 per cent relative humidity, then by a dehydration period of 6 to 14 days with a temperature of 68 F and 50 to 70 per cent relctive humidity. Musts with Ballings of 30 to 40 were produced, and yields ranged from 50 to 100 gallons per ton (fresh weight).
In California, wine production from grapes infected with B. cinerea would have to be carried out under carefully controlled conditions, and the output would thus be limited. However, the findings of this study indicate that eventually California wine growers may be able to add a new and desirable wine type to their present production.
Greger Max. Notes on the pure or natural wines of Hungary, their properties and uses. 1881. London: Max Gregor, Ltd. Printed by Jas. Truscott and Son. 70p. (See p. 19, 29-32.)
Hilgard E. W. Report of the viticultural work during the seasons 1887-93, with data regarding the vintages of 1894-95. 1896. Sacramento, California: State Printing Office. 466p. (See P. 395-397.)
After a brief Labor Day weekend road trip to Madison, I am addicted to Bishop Allen and the Broken String. I was able to see them in concert in early August, but I hadn't had much of a chance to listen to the album beforehand. Now, I can't get it out of my head.
Glory Martial Arts offers multiple location options to its members! With our Altamonte Springs location, we make it convenient for everyone in the area to train! Located inside the Gateway Crossing plaza just off of Maitland Blvd and State Road 434, we make it easy to access us from anywhere in Central Florida!
If youre ready to learn Kickboxing, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Mixed Martial Arts or just want to get in amazing shape, you need to stop in for your free trial today!
If you live anywhere near Central Florida, including Maitland, Altamonte, College Park, Lake Mary, Sanford, or Winter Park, then this location will suit you perfectly!
With classes for adults & kids, we welcome all skill levels and cant wait to help you start training today!
Last week, our family experienced the joy of welcoming a new baby girl into our home. Everyones doing great and her older brother and sister are already thrilled to have another little one join the team. The feeling of wonderment and overwhelming love that accompanies a new birth never ceases to amaze me, and I was once again awestruck by the strength and courage displayed by my wife throughout pregnancy, labor and delivery. Now the really hard work begins.
Three years ago we had zero kids, now we have three. All of them stay at home with us, so life feels like a little person amusement park 24/7. Our son became obsessed with dinosaurs a few months ago, so hes constantly pretending to be different extinct prehistoric beasts, each with its own distinct roar and disposition. His younger sister is absolutely fearless, a trait that was readily apparent since her first crawls. Divert your attention for a moment and shes climbed atop the highest possible thing within arms reach. A couple of days ago a storm rolled through town. Myself and the kids had a blast flopping around in the snow while my wife nursed the littlest one inside.
Ive barely read any news since the birth. While its been nice to take a break from tweeting and writing, watching two toddlers is no vacation. Sitting at a desk all day is easy work compared to what my wife does. I probably wont be publishing anything substantial until after Thanksgiving, as my current priority is to help out as much as possible until we figure out how to handle two toddlers and a newborn.
Author adminPosted on November 13, 2018 Categories MKTags finance, news, postsLeave a comment on A New Baby
As always, if you appreciate my work and want to contribute to independent media, consider becoming a monthly Patron, or visit the Support Page.
Jair Bolsonaro Is Elected President of Brazil. Read His Extremist, Far-Right Positions in His Own Words. (Deeply disturbing, The Intercept)
Energy Giants Choose Nuclear Option in Elections Biggest Fight Over Fossil Fuel (Every American should read this, but especially if you live in an oil and gas state, Capital & Main)
In short, every major political institution has been increasingly discredited as Brazil has spiraled deeper and deeper into a dark void. And from the abyss emerged a former army captain and six-term congressman from Rio de Janeiro, Jair Bolsonaro, with the slogan Brazil above everything, God above everyone, and promises to fix everything with hardline tactics.
 From todays Intercept article: Jair Bolsonaro Is Elected President of Brazil. Read His Extremist, Far-Right Positions in His Own Words.
Its been only a little over two years since the people of Great Britain surprised the world by voting to leave the European Union. Just a few months later, this nascent trend of political shock continued with the election of Donald Trump.
This tectonic shift toward political upheaval has continued to spread throughout much of the world, with Italy and Brazil being two more recent examples. That something very major and very global is happening is undeniable at this point, yet everyone seems to have their own pet reasons for why its occurring. I continue to stick to the same thesis Ive had for nearly a decade, which is that the dominant global economic/financial paradigm led and managed by the U.S. has failed and is now experiencing a slow, painful and dangerous death.
This reality was temporarily papered over by the shady and extremely corrupt financial bailouts of a decade ago. An event that focused all government resources on rescuing the already rich and powerful, while keeping bank executives out of prison.
Author adminPosted on October 29, 2018 Categories MKTags finance, news, postsLeave a comment on The Consequences of System Failure
CIA Director Briefs President on Audio Purportedly Capturing the Killing of Jamal Khashoggi (The Washington Post)
Britain Has Sold Its Soul to the House of Saud. Shame on Us (Good links and stats in here, The Guardian)
The Thucydides Trap: Are the U.S. and China Headed for War? (Must read piece from 2015, The Atlantic)
Author adminPosted on October 27, 2018 Categories MKTags finance, news, postsLeave a comment on Liberty Links 10/27/18  The Tragedy of Saudi Arabias Yemen War
Unbelievably  Rothkopf has the audacity to criticize Trump for having repeatedly shown great fondness for foreign leaderseven despots and known murderers, human rights abusers and criminals, while Rothkopf himself is literally a paid agent working to disseminating propaganda for one of the most repressive regimes on the planet, one that does much of the Saudis dirty work for it in Washington. And the fact that the Daily Beast makes no disclosure of any of this is what makes this practice  having paid lobbyists and consultants for foreign regimes and corporations masquerade as objective and neutral analysts of the news  such a massive journalistic scandal and fraud.
Much of the American public despises mainstream corporate media, but rather than engage in some self-reflection and admit failure they just complain about Trump. Its critical we recognize that mass media in the U.S. is very much part of the very same discredited establishment its supposed to report on, thus its response to justified criticism is likewise establishment-esque. Blame the readers, blame Trump, blame anyone but themselves.
This is why mass medias gotten even worse since Trump was elected  not an easy feat. Its been obsessed with a Russia-Trump collusion tale that appears to be going nowhere, while simultaneously cheering on Trumps worst instincts such as when he bombs Syria. Moreover, one thing the U.S. media definitely seems to have no interest in doing is disclosing when its commentators and pundits are paid shills for foreign governments, defense contractors and other unmentionable interests.
Author adminPosted on October 22, 2018 Categories MKTags finance, news, postsLeave a comment on U.S. Media Refuses to Inform the Public When Its Commentators and Pundits are Paid Foreign Agents
Saudi Account of Khashoggi Killing Is Widely Denounced (Three weeks and this is the best lie they could come up with? NBC)
After UAE Murder Squad Revelations, How Many More Private U.S. Hit Teams Are Under Gulf Regimes? (Truly despicable, Zerohedge)
Top Afghan Police Chief Killed in Shooting, U.S. General Unhurt (No end in sight for Americas longest war, Reuters)
Owen Jones Leaves a Telegraph Editor with so Little Credibility, the Guy Deletes His Twitter Account (Amazing, The Canary)
Enough with the ICO-Me-So-Horny-Get-Rich-Quick-Lambo Crypto (Cypherpunk legend Tim May on the state of crypto currency, Coindesk)
What Is the NPC Meme? Liberals Rage at Cartoons Mocking Their Scripted Thoughts (The meme wars continue, Breitbart)
Author adminPosted on October 20, 2018 Categories MKTags finance, news, postsLeave a comment on Liberty Links 10/20/18  Saudi Account of Khashoggi Killing Is Widely Denounced
The roots of that lobbys rise to prominence in Washington lie in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001. As you may remember, with 15 of those 19 suicidal hijackers being citizens of Saudi Arabia, it was hardly surprising that American public opinion had soured on the Kingdom. In response, the worried Saudi royals spent around $100 million over the next decade to improve such public perceptions and retain their influence in the U.S. capital. That lobbying facelift proved a success until, in 2015, relations soured with the Obama administration over the Iran nuclear deal. Once Donald Trump won the presidency, however, the Saudis saw an unparalleled opportunity and launched the equivalent of a full-court press, an aggressive campaign to woo the newly elected president and the Republican-led Congress, which, of course, cost real money.
As a result, the growth of Saudi lobbying operations would prove extraordinary. In 2016, according to FARA records, they reported spending just under $10 million on lobbying firms; in 2017, that number had nearly tripled to $27.3 million. And thats just a baseline figure for a far larger operation to buy influence in Washington, since it doesnt include considerable sums given to elite universities or think tanks like the Arab Gulf States Institute, the Middle East Institute, and the Center for Strategic and International Studies (to mention just a few of them).
It appears Saudi Arabias preparing to spin a tale about the murder of Jamal Khashoggi for the purpose of providing Donald Trump with cover to pretend nothing happened and get back to business as usual. Apparently, the Saudis plan to claim he was killed by rogue agents in a botched interrogation. No word about why it took them two weeks to admit this, why they blatantly lied about him leaving consulate and whether or not the body was hacked into pieces with a bone saw.
Its been clear from the beginning that Trump would like this to go away as quickly as possible in order to keep the money flowing to defense contractors, as you can see from the clip below.
Author adminPosted on October 16, 2018 Categories MKTags finance, news, postsLeave a comment on Saudi Arabia Considers Itself Untouchable Due to Oil and Money
Liberty Links 10/14/18  Turks Tell U.S. Officials They Have Audio and Video Recordings That Support Conclusion Khashoggi Was Killed
Turks Tell U.S. Officials They Have Audio and Video Recordings That Support Conclusion Khashoggi Was Killed (The Washington Post)
Author adminPosted on October 14, 2018 Categories MKTags finance, news, postsLeave a comment on Liberty Links 10/14/18  Turks Tell U.S. Officials They Have Audio and Video Recordings That Support Conclusion Khashoggi Was Killed
And we recently discovered, if it was not known before, that no amount of power can withstand the hatred of the many.
Americans are brought up to believe all sorts of myths about the country we call home. Were told our economy is a free market meritocracy governed by the rule of law. Were told our civil liberties, enshrined in the Bill of Rights, are inviolable and protected by the most powerful military in the world. A fighting force entrusted with the admirable and monumental task of defending freedoms at home, and democracy and human rights abroad. Were told we exist in a system of self-government, in which our votes matter and our voices heard. In practice, none of this is true.
The fact of the matter is American citizens in 2018 are just a nuisance for the real power players. Useful as consumers, but increasingly problematic as larger numbers start to ask questions about how things really work. For far too long, weve been ignorant and willing accomplices in our own bondage. This allowed the concentrated and unaccountable power that really calls the shots to go for broke in recent decades, with unsurprisingly tragic results.
Only recently have things started to shift. Increased levels of barbarism abroad and corruption at home during the 21st century  under both Republican and Democratic administrations  have shaken many Americans from a long stupor. Irrespective of where you sit on the political spectrum, most people know somethings not right. People dont agree on the details of whats wrong, and theres certainly no consensus on solutions, but increasing numbers of us know somethings very broken.
I try to look at things from a big picture perspective, and from that angle I see too many people focused on the symptoms of cultural decay versus root causes. Not enough people seem to be taking a step back to see that at the core of todays broken socioeconomic and political paradigm is an American citizenry fundamentally entangled in various abusive relationships with power. This post will highlight three of these relationships. The first with government itself, the second with central banking, and the third with the dominant political parties.
Author adminPosted on October 9, 2018 Categories MKTags finance, news, postsLeave a comment on Americans are Stuck in Abusive Relationships with Power
The Big Hack: How China Used a Tiny Chip to Infiltrate U.S. Companies (I have so many questions when it comes to the huge claims made in this article, Bloomberg)
Bolton 2.0: Trumps Tough Guy on Iran Picks His Battles (This guy is completely obsessed with Iran, The Hill)
Author adminPosted on October 6, 2018 Categories MKTags finance, news, postsLeave a comment on Liberty Links 10/6/18  The Big Hack: How China Used a Tiny Chip to Infiltrate U.S. Companies
Are you looking for the Fall skin care tips? Fall is the season of new transition, a season to overcome the dirty sweats from your armpits and change your skin care regimen. After a cracked and damaged skin due to summer, its time to recover the skin and prepare it for winters. We would suggest adding some oil to moisturize and exfoliate the skin to overcome the dryness and get a healthier and glowing skin. In this article, we are sharing some (autumn) Fall skin care tips to stimulate your beauty and defend your skin against Fall elements.
The two-month trade deficit of 409.5 million was 19 million up from the same period last year. Exports were 4.159 billion in February, up 15.6% from the same month a year earlier. Two-month exports rose 17.5% to 8.281 billion. Imports were 4.41 billion, up 14.6% year on year in February and amounted to 8.69 billion in two months, 16.9% more than in the same period last year.
Completion of the Paks II project, the expansion of Hungarys Paks Nuclear Power Plant, may be postponed until 2032, instead of the official 2026-27 deadline, according to a report by Hungarian daily newspaper Npszava.
The volume of construction output was 25.8% higher in September 2018 than a year earlier based on raw data, according to monthly figures from the Central Statistical Office (KSH). Output increased in both main groups of construction: in the construction of buildings by 22.2%, and in civil engineering works by 30.5%.
CEE Transport, the majority owner of Hungarian road haulage firm Waberers, confirmed its continued support for the company after an earnings report published Friday showed "weaker profitability," Waberers said in a disclosure published on the website of the Budapest Stock Exchange (BT) on Monday.
Around three-quarters of Hungarians consciously take steps to protect their bank card data online, with nearly two-thirds making backup saves of their digitalized data, according to a representative online survey by insurance company Generali.
More than 61% of Hungarian households owned a plasma or LCD television set in the first half of 2018, compared to 54% in the corresponding period of last year, according to a summary of data on household consumption published by the Central Statistical Office (KSH), Hungarian news agency MTI reported.
Businessman Zsolt Nyerges on Saturday announced the sale of construction firm Kzgp to Duna Aszfalt, owned by Lszl Szjj, state news agency MTI reported. The sale represents another step in the gradual takeover by Fidesz-connected businesses of assets formerly owned by former Fidesz treasurer Lajos Simicska.
The National Bank of Hungary (MNB) allocated HUF 20 billion of monetary policy interest rate swaps (MIRS) designed to flatten the yield curve at a bi-weekly tender last Thursday, the central bank reported on its website.
The Corinthia Hotel Budapest has announced its Royal Wedding Show and Exhibition, to be held in the hotels ballroom on Sunday, November 18, inspired by the latters great popularity as a wedding venue, according to a press release sent to the Budapest Business Journal.
Swisscham Hungary, the Swedish Chamber of Commerce and the Danish Business Club are organizing a Lego factory visit to the firms Nyregyhza plant on November 20, according to a press release sent to the Budapest Business Journal.
Raiffeisen Bank Hungary has announced the appointment of kos Jakab as head of corporates, markets, and investment banking, according to a press release sent to the Budapest Business Journal.
Kinga Hetnyi, Managing Partner, Schoenherr Hetnyi Attorneys at Law and Adrin Menczelesz, Associate, Schoenherr Hetnyi Attorneys at Law
If you've devoured the last morsel of your savory book, but have a stomach that yearns for more, "Behind the Story" will be a most delightful surprise.
Enjoy this basket full of hand-picked treats, compiled as an easy, concise, info-rich serving just for you! You'll be on a VIP tour where we will take you by the hand to show you what is behind the curtains, what is "Behind the Story".
This is the second such companion book I've read in this series, and I'm anxiously awaiting more. Kudos to the author for enhancing my reading experience of great novels!
My brother has almost all the Behind the Story books because he and his wife are avid readers and he lent me this one since I am such a Clancy fan.
The original book suddenly became much richer and more enticing after I finished this Behind the Story, I HAD to open up the original book once more!
The thought of writing about the migration came to Isabel Wilkerson when she read Richard Wrights autobiography entitled, Black Boy. What was strange about it is that she was inspired by what she read in the footnotes. She felt that the passage that moved her was a story by itself and she wanted to write about that particular passage. (4)
Richard Wright was an African-American author. Generally, his works had racial themes, mostly involving the experience of African-Americans during the late 19th to mid 20th centuries. He grew up in Jackson, Mississippi. As early as 15 years old, he was able to write his first story entitled, The Voodoo of Hells Half-Acre. The story was published in Southern Register, a local newspaper that had black patrons.
Richard Wright moved to Chicago in 1927, then to New York in 1937. In New York, he became the Harlem editor of the Daily Worker. The Daily Worker was the newspaper published in New York by the Communist Party USA
if you're a real literature junkie or a diehard fan of the novel (I am both) it's really a must read. Highly recommended.
Disclaimer: This work is not meant to replace, but to complement the original work. If you've loved the novel, then this is the book for you. It is educational in purpose, entertaining in nature, unauthorized and unofficial. It is a digestive work produced to stimulate the appetite and to encourage readers to appreciate the original work even more.
Please review our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. There we discuss who we share information with, how we use the information collected from you, what information protection services we have in place, and more. We want to make sure you have a full understanding of how we collect and process information.
Please click I accept below if you would like to receive promotions and discounts in the forms of Push Notifications, Emails, and SMS. You can unsubscribe from these at any time on the profile page.
I agree to the terms & conditions and privacy policy * Please accept to proceed further I would like to receive new deals and promotions through email, SMS and push notifications
Unsubscribe me from all other stores with Touch2success (* To unsubscribe from specific takeaways please log in and visit your profile page)
Frylite are delighted to announce our sponsorship with Dergview FC pitch at Darragh Park Castlederg. George McCay Sales Manager at Frylite is pictured with Harold Baxter President of Dergview FC Ltd.
With its lovely new signage to celebrate our 30th celebrations we are sure to get noticed on the roads throughout Ireland.
Over 40 businesses were recognised at the inaugural Midlands 103 Hospitality Awards last night at the Midlands Park Hotel in Portlaoise.
Luxie Splendor can make cruelty-absolutely free make-up brushes to develop the look you desire. All brushes are made with synthetic bristles which can be extremely-comfortable to your contact.
Nicely, now you're in luck! No more searching through pages of posts to locate the coupon or maybe the offer. Only go the put up to the Hip Listing and entry it at your usefulness.
Just after viewing merchandise depth pages, glimpse below to seek out a simple solution to navigate again to webpages you are interested in.
When logged into your account, you will notice the HIP List icon at The underside of every write-up Should you be viewing Hip2Save.com in traditional watch.
BooginHead was Started by a Mother who became disappointed when her son would throw his sippy cup to the ground. These feeding accessories are intended to make life less complicated for both Little ones and fogeys. Obtain a grip on sippy cups, pacifiers, teethers and toys  the PaciGrip securely clips on to your little one particulars shirt and the SippiGrip generates a solid, non-slip hold when connected to superior chairs, strollers or automobile seats.
Jammy Beans new Tremendous-soft, cotton silk sleep shirt doubles as cozy loungewear. The load of the fabric enables you to rework the shirt into many appears to be by rolling the sleeves to various lengths, knotting the aspect or tucking it in. Offered in two dimensions within an array of colors. Transport is $4.ninety five.
woodulisten are wonderful, natural sounding Bluetooth speakers within a carved beechwood shell that attribute Genuine Wi-fi Stereo Technology. Use individually or pair with each other for a wonderful audio working experience. The rechargeable batteries last up to six hrs. Transport is $four.ninety nine.
Offered in boutiques and shops, Bourbon and Boweties jewelry is handcrafted by household-dependent makers from the Tampa Bay place. You will discover about twenty kinds in a variety of on-craze neutrals in bangles and beaded bracelets to use on your own or to stack for your own personal design. Transport is $6.95.
Satisfy the mandatory apparent bag coverage thats required to enter sporting arenas and concert venues. These superior-excellent obvious vinyl bags are perfect for video game day, travel or everyday stylish. Make a choice from 5 designs. Shipping and delivery is $five.
Accessory Concierges lush fake fur scarf provides a stylish, heat and cozy collar to any outfit dressy or everyday. The pull by way of style can make it very easy to fashion. Decide on six colors. Restrict three for every purchase. Shipping and delivery is $4.ninety nine.
Attain a salon-excellent, check details sleek glance rapidly and simply. The Power Main technologies provides the power and heat of traditional straightening equipment for one stroke top quality general performance from root to suggestion to straighten hair.
From function to weekends, these on-craze Daring floral and color-block Lulu Dharma totes easily carry your stuff in model. The thick poly canvas material is water-resistant and straightforward to clean.
Amelia Roses bestselling wrap bracelets are actually offered inside of a shimmer fashion. The extended duration right away offers a layered search or don it to be a necklace.
This sounds-lessening, sleep-inducing sound machine enables you to just take Charge of your slumber environment regardless of where you are. Marpacs white sound equipment masks noises that disturb or distract for enhanced slumber and focus.
Welcome to Eric the Epicure, where all things epicurean are fair game. I am a food, wine and travel writer from Los Angeles, and you can find links to my articles on my blog, as well as random ruminations about what's new, what's next, and what's for dinner.
Hello everybody I have been on a short hiatus from my instructional posts as we went through the busy season of the pool year. As the year winds down I will have more time and you can expect my bi weekly articles to be back on track. The first week of April we had our national championships at the Delta Hotel in Mississauga, Ontario. Among the many friends I saw there was Chris McKenzie, a professional golf instructor now living in Alberta. In one of our conversations, Chris shared with me an analogy pertaining to the mental game and I would like to share it with you today.
The basis of the theory is to not put unrealistic expectations on ourselves. This is something that I think a lot of pool players do. I am not relating the expectations to the overall outcome because of course we all expect to win but more to the overall in game performance that may or may not lead to the winning outcome. The theory asks us to imagine a jar of about 20 black and white pills, if you like you can even imagine those pills as different shades of black and white. Now imagine that for each shot you take on the pool table you are randomly choosing a pill from that jar. The whitest pills represent a perfectly executed shot, then there are darker white pills that represent a shot executed at an average level. For example you pot the ball but your shape is not perfect. Secondly there are the black pills, they represent things like misses, positional errors and fouls.
The goal of the theory is to raise awareness that EVERYBODY has some amount of black pills in their jar. For example on a tough long pot on the nine ball a world class pro might have 4 black pills out of 20, a semi pro might have 7, an amateur could have 10 or more. Even if you literally choked to the point where you just couldn't make the ball the theory asks you to not blame yourself. Rather to be realistic about the fact that at this point in your game you are either not comfortable enough in the situation, there are problems in your fundamentals that give you a lack in confidence or a number of other things that lead to you having a certain number of black pills in your jar. The more bad ones you have the more likely you are to pull one out, the key is to figure out why you have the black pills in the jar and work on the areas that will lower them.
I think if you at least think about this periodically it can help you stay calm in a match, not getting to the point where your performance is compromised because you are flustered mentally. One of the worst things a player can do is to be in their chair with a scowl on their face because they feel embarrassed or upset about making a mistake. The theory asks you to rationalize that if you have 10 black pills out of 20 there was a fifty percent chance that you would not execute and there is no need to be upset or to carry a negative emotion along with you in the match. If you can just sit down and have a little laugh about it and say well I just pulled another black one gotta get rid of those, it will help you to stay positive.
For me at the Canadian Championships this year most of my black pills were on the break and in long potting. The potting was skewed because there were only ceiling lights at the venue and no direct lighting over the table but I rationalized that the lighting gave me a larger number of blacks and tried my best to accept it. I finished second in the 8 ball and the 10 ball divisions and I think the #1 reason I did well is because I stayed calm, not all because of this theory of course but I did think about it quite a bit during the tournament.
This is a theory courtesy of Dr. Rick Jensen, he is a professional speaker who helps businesses attain goals and works with the P.G.A as a sports psychologist. Here is a sample from one of his seminars:
Effectiveness results (intention to treat analysis set) of Urban Training intervention at 12months in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) patients
We sucessfully completed the first stage of the "My World" project at St Christophers School and the Pheonix School. Now looking forward to the autumn term where we should be making more fantastic little films. The kids and teachers alike got a great deal from the weekly sessions and its great that our funding will stretch to one more term. We might be able to get some clips and photos up here soon.
The bad news is, our recent funding bids for other projects have been unsuccessful, but all is not lost. We are still on track for a very ambitious project (sorry for being a little secretive at the moment but all will be revealed soon...)that will happen in the next few months.
Sharon learnt today that she has been picked to be one of 12 woman social entrepeneurs that will be mentored over the next six months to enable their businesses to gain investors. The mentoring project is called "Make a Wave", run by Ogunte and sponsored by, amongst others, the RSA. The ambitious project that we have in mind for ESP has potential and we're all very excited by what lies ahead.
Coupled with a possible funding pilot project with another organisation we believe that we are going to make a huge difference to the cultural output of the region and be creating quite a few jobs on the way.
We are not affiliated with Apple computer, Inc. or any of the Apple's group of companies. Apple, the Apple logo, and all other Apple products and services are trademarks or registered trademarks of Apple computer, Inc. in the USA and other countries.
We're excited to announce that Fortnite and the NFL are teaming up for the ultimate football face-off. Starting November 9 at 7PM ET you'll be able to purchase NFL themed Outfits from the Fortnite Item Shop.
The adventure of powerchair football in Spain began in Cox  Alicante in October 2013. Vicente Maci was the founder of the first club in Spain  the Club de deportes adaptados Furia.
Later, with the help of volunteers, the Powerchair Spain Association was created to help and to advise all those who want to form a club in their city. Since 2014 we are part of FIPFA and our main goal is to reach everyone and create a network of nationally recognized clubs.
Today, it is difficult to talk about tournaments or competitions at the national level since we do not have enough economic and logistics structure to promote this sport.
We have enhanced this sport through clinics and international exchanges and we have been able to enjoy our first competition in Switzerland this year (2017 Genevas cup). The experience was incredible and unforgettable.
We would love to be able to formalize meetings for newly created clubs in Europe and enjoy this sport together and live great moments of coexistence.
Since our beginning, we have organized several meetings with French teams, the most important being the visit of the French National team as it prepared for the World Cup in Florida.
We greatly appreciate the other teams that helped us in the beginning and we are totally open to help and to give visibility to this great sport. In the future, we would like to prepare courses in Spain for referees, coaches, etc., as well as some sports camps focused on powerchair football.
...Don't know what language you made plotic in, but in C# it would be "CultureInfo.InvariantCulture" with "System.Globalization;" loaded..
Hmm, happened to open the .ini... noticed the "[Config] DecimalSymbol=." though changing it had no effect
So I've finished adding the decrease calculations. Unfortunately, that change has also seen the run times for just a plot more than double. I'm going to see what can be done to optimize that before releasing a new version.
You will notice the run time for the bursts is quite longer. Currently that is just something that you will have to tolerate for the sake of accurate plots.
Big thanks to all whom worked on this project... I remember 2.03 wasn't working for me but, the new v2.07 worked with no issues.
PS: Could not find the M16A3 (maybe it was the M82A3?). Another error that I've seen so far is the M16A4 Attachments. It gives you the option of using both the Heavy Barrel and Laser Sight -:'o- hehe
FYI the error is still there, even tried changing all keyboard/system/numeric languages to English.. The only language remaining would be to change the operating system to English, but it's a Swedish only version, although all the system and numeric languages *should* have the same effect.. Though it's Win7, so who knows if it even did anything at all ;>
Another error that I've seen so far is the M16A4 Attachments. It gives you the option of using both the Heavy Barrel and Laser Sight -:'o- hehe
Just uploaded 2.08, I fixed the grouping of the attachments and added the RecoilDecrease option to the silent run ini for that calculation.
I am getting the same thing when i switch my format settings to Swedish (Finland). It's tagging the first file pull, matching the stack I would suspect in that area. I'll see what I can do to work around that.
2.09 is up. I was able to run a plot without issue while having my region settings still set to Swedish. Hopefully you can run it now.
Thanks for the tip on System.Globalization.CultureInfo.InvariantCulture. I had tried it earlier, but when we switched to spinners for the numbers, that problem went away.
Simulation starts and the default looks good, almost identical to the pic posted on page 6, a little bit more accurate perhaps... Though when attachments are added it all goes to hell ;o *shrugs*
Same story on all weapons, although different on each attachment *shrugs* Perhaps some more decimal bugs... How nice it would be if all computers in the whole world read code the same ;>
Yeah... I forgot to convert the attachment values... which I found out today when I attempted to run a plot with an attachment... 2.091 has been uploaded and it should fix that. Let me know if that is working correctly.
Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Category:Theoretical_computer_science_conferences&oldid=288937121"
This content was retrieved from Wikipedia : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Theoretical_computer_science_conferences
Kimberly Denise Jones (born July 11, 1974 or 1975),[2] known professionally by her stage name Lil' Kim, is an American rapper, songwriter, record producer, model, and actress. She was born and raised in Brooklyn, New York, living much of her adolescent life on the streets after being expelled from home. In her teens, Jones would freestyle rap, heavily influenced by fellow female hip-hop artists like MC Lyte and The Lady of Rage. In 1994, she was discovered by fellow rapper The Notorious B.I.G., who invited her to join his rap group Junior M.A.F.I.A.; their debut album as a group, Conspiracy, generated two top 20 singles in the United States and was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
Lil' Kim's debut studio album, Hard Core (1996), was certified double platinum by the RIAA, has since sold more than 6 million copies worldwide,[3] and spawned three successful singles: "No Time", "Not Tonight (Ladies Night)", and "Crush on You". Her following albums, The Notorious K.I.M. (2000) and La Bella Mafia (2003), were also certified platinum, making her the only female rapper besides Missy Elliott and Nicki Minaj to have at least three platinum-certified studio albums. In 2001, she was featured on the single "Lady Marmalade" (a remake of the 1975 hit single of the same name, originally recorded by LaBelle), alongside Ma, Pink and Christina Aguilera, which went to number one on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100. In addition, the remake won two MTV Video Music Awards including Video of the Year, and a Grammy Award for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals at the 44th Grammy Awards in 2002. In 2005, she served a yearlong prison sentence for lying to a jury about her friends' involvement in a shooting four years earlier. During her incarceration, her fourth album, The Naked Truth, was released to positive reviews from critics. She returned to the public eye in 2009 with an appearance on Dancing with the Stars.
Throughout her career, Lil' Kim has sold more than 15 million albums and 30 million singles worldwide.[4] Her songs "No Time", "Big Momma Thang", and "Ladies Night" were listed on Complex Magazine's list of the 50 Best Rap Songs By Women.[5] In 2012, Lil' Kim was listed on VH1's 100 Greatest Women In Music list at number 45, the second highest position for a solo female hip-hop artist.[6] Lil' Kim has been called "the fiercese, most provocative and most infamous female rapper" by AllMusic,[7] and one of the top 50 greatest MCs of all time in the book There's a God on the Mic. Aside from music, Lil' Kim is also known for her risk-taking and luxurious approach to fashion that inspired many artists; she has been cited as a fashion icon.[8][9] She has been called one of the most influential rappers of all time, often referred to as the "Queen of Rap" and "Hip-Hop Goddess".[10][11][12][13]
Jones was born in the BedfordStuyvesant neighborhood of the New York City borough of Brooklyn, the second child of Linwood Jones, a former U.S. Marine,[14] and Ruby Jones (later Ruby Jones-Mitchell).[15] She has one older brother named Christopher.[16] As a child, Jones attended Queen of All Saints Elementary School in Brooklyn.[17] At the age of 9, her parents separated, and Jones was raised by her father, with whom she had a tumultuous relationship.[17] After being kicked out of her house by her father, Jones dropped out of high school and started living out on the streets.[18]
While still a teen, Jones met The Notorious B.I.G. a.k.a. Biggie Smalls (real name Christopher Wallace), who was a key figure in both her personal and artistic life, particularly after Wallace gained popularity and influence through his relationship with Bad Boy Records, founded by Sean "Puff Daddy" Combs.[19] Jones attended Sarah J. Hale Vocational High School for two and a half years. Many of her friends also went there and she would often skip school to hang out with them. Since her school work wasn't being completed, the decision was made for her to transfer to Brooklyn College Academy to finish her remaining year and half of school.[20] It was the same school that fellow rappers Nas and Foxy Brown also attended.[21]
In 1994, B.I.G. was instrumental in introducing and promoting the Brooklyn-based group, Junior M.A.F.I.A., which included Jones, who adopted the stage name Lil' Kim and was only 19 at the time. The group's first and only album, Conspiracy, was released to mediocre reviews and moderate sales on August 29, 1995 and debuted at number eight on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart, selling 69,000 copies in its first week of release. Wallace wrote (and ghostwrote) most of the album's material.[22] Three hit singles came from Conspiracy: "Player's Anthem", "I Need You Tonight", and "Get Money".[23] The RIAA certified Conspiracy gold on December 6, 1995. "Player's Anthem" and "Get Money" were certified gold and platinum respectively.[24] Lil' Kim's increasing popularity as a member of Junior M.A.F.I.A. allowed her to start a solo career shortly after the Conspiracy album was released, and she began working on what would become her debut album Hard Core by late 1995.
After a year with Junior M.A.F.I.A., Lil' Kim began a solo career by making guest performances on R&B albums and recording her debut album, Hard Core, which was released in November 1996. The album debuted at number 11 on the Billboard 200, the highest debut for a female rap album at that time,[25] and number 3 on Billboard's Top R&B Albums,[26] selling 78,000 copies in its first week of release and has sold over 5 million copies worldwide.[22] Hard Core was certified double platinum by the RIAA on March 14, 2001 after having been certified gold on January 6, 1997 and platinum on June 3, 1997.[27] The album's lead single "No Time", a duet with Combs (who would later change his stage name to "P. Diddy" and then "Diddy"), reached the top spot of the Billboard Hot Rap Tracks chart[19] and was certified gold by the RIAA.[27] The following single, "Crush on You", reached number 6 on the Hot 100 and number 2 on the rap chart.[28] A remix of the album's track "Not Tonight" saw Lil' Kim team up with Missy Elliott, Angie Martinez, Da Brat and Left Eye of TLC. The song was part of the soundtrack to the Martin Lawrence movie Nothing to Lose, nominated for a Grammy Award, and certified platinum.[27] In one stockholders' meeting of Warner Bros. Records, activist C. Delores Tucker criticized the label "for producing this filth," referring to perceived graphic sexual content in Lil' Kim's lyrics, and labeling them "gangsta porno rap".[29] In 1997, Lil' Kim promoted Hard Core by performing on P. Diddy's "No Way Out" tour.[30] The tour continued through to 1998 and became one of the highest grossing hip-hop tours of all time, grossing an estimated $16 million.[31] That same year, she launched her own label Queen Bee Entertainment. From 1998 to 2000, Lil' Kim continued her road to stardom under the management of B.I.G.'s best friend, Damion "D-Roc" Butler's "Roc Management", touring and modeling for various fashion and pop culture companies including Candie's, Versace, Iceberg, and Baby Phat. and even though she had not had an album of her own released, she was seen on dozens of remixes and guest appearances on other artist's records.
On June 27, 2000, Lil' Kim released her second album The Notorious K.I.M. The album marked a new image and revamped look for the rapper. Despite the limited success of its singles, the album debuted at number 4 on the Billboard 200 and number 1 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, selling 229,000 copies in its first week.[22] It was certified platinum by the RIAA, four weeks after its release.[27] It was on this LP that the well-known hip-hop feud between Lil' Kim and Foxy Brown escalated. In 2001, Lil' Kim teamed up with Christina Aguilera, Pink, and Ma to remake "Lady Marmalade", which was originally written about a bordello in New Orleans and performed by the group Labelle (which included diva Patti LaBelle) 25 years earlier. The song was recorded for the Moulin Rouge! film soundtrack, released in April 2001, and stayed number 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 for five weeks. The song also went to number 1 in 50 countries around the world. This was a big accomplishment for female rap, as well as for Lil' Kim, who scored her first number 1 Hot 100 hit[citation needed] and became the second solo female rapper in history to hit number one on the Billboard Hot 100 charts.[32] "Lady Marmalade" also garnered Lil' Kim her first Grammy Award. The second single, "Kimnotyze", was released as the lead single of record producer DJ Tomekk's compilation album Beat Of Life, Vol 1. It was released in Switzerland, Austria and Germany only. The song was successful, becoming Lil' Kim's third consecutive top 10 hit in Germany after her number 5 hit "Lady Marmalade".
In 2002, Lil' Kim recorded a new entrance theme for then World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) Women's Champion Trish Stratus entitled, "Time to Rock 'n Roll", which was used during broadcasts, until Stratus' retirement. The single was released on WWE Anthology, a compilation of entrance theme music to various professional wrestling superstars.[33] Lil' Kim released the buzz song "Whats The Word" in mid-2002. Despite not having an official release, it went on to peak at number 9 on the Bubbling Under R&B/Hip-Hop Singles chart.[34] It would later be released on the Japan edition of her third studio album, La Bella Mafia, as a bonus track.