I have recently posted the following article "The Nature of the Sun's Influence on Climate Change" here
Summary - The sun is a major influence on climate change on Earth in that it provides solar irradiance that warms the planet and a far reaching magnetic field that shields Earth from the effects of galactic cosmic rays, which cools the planet. The magnetic field wrapped in the solar winds modulates the flux rate of cosmic rays which affects cloud formation and thereby the planet's global albedo. Past studies have shown a relationship between the flux rate of galactic cosmic rays and low-level ocean cloud formation. Recent experimental studies have confirmed the causal mechanism behind this process. This paper looks at the relationship between the solar magnetic field (as expressed in "AA Index") and ocean surface temperature over the period from 1880 A.D. to present and finds this relationship is best expressed by a natural logarithmic function.
Lord Christopher Monckton has the most trenchant short critique of the global warming fraud I've ever read. Monckton is a former Margaret Thatcher advisor, and is fighting the good fight as vigorously and honestly as anyone in the world. Lord Monckton writes that the whole global warming campaign is "a foofaraw of pseudo-science, exaggerations, and errors." A "foofaraw" indeed.
Here's the newest fraud: A Science magazine article claims that IF you believe the grossly alarmist assumptions of the UN "consensus" panel on human-caused global warming, all of the American Southwest has to come to a screeching halt! America is running dry! Stop all human development in New Mexico, Arizona, and Texas. You're burning up the planet!
But of course the premise itself is dubious and completely politicized, a gross abuse of climate modeling driven by socialist ideology. From false premises you can arrive at any false conclusion you want.
It'll be interesting to see whether Senator McCain will now demand that we halt all new building and agriculture in Arizona. Phoenix has to freeze in place. Next door, Las Vegas has to shrink. No more folks must be allowed to come to Arizona from Mexico --- or New York. What about it, Senator? It's global warming!
But will Texas go along? Will Dallas become a ghost town? How about northern Mexico, right next door? No more building, no additional farming, let the people starve? Stop having children?
This is shameful. Pathological pseudo-science is now metastasizing. The editor of Science is himself a climate modeler, who seems to have no conscience about abusing climate models without a shred of real-world evidence. This cancerous abuse of science will continue to discredit the science establishment in the United States and around the world. And it should. It is utterly mendacious and abusive of real science.
The political motivations behind the global warming fraud have never been more obvious. Abolish Texas! This is very nasty anti-Americanism with a pseudo-scientific gloss. For shame.
Dr. E. L. Charmagny of the Indiana Institute for Science positively identified cooler temperatures as part of global warming. "The recent cold snap in America's midwest area proves that global warming is real," said Dr. Charmagny while enjoying a hamburger sandwich at a local McDonald's restaurant. He explained, "People don't understand that global warming takes many forms, including global cooling, an important part of global warming."
He cited as an example that when he was young winters were "a lot harsher", remarking, "It was very cold for days on end, and there was lots of snow. That's a scientific fact, I remember it! Now it's clearly warmer."
"Young punks nowadays take time off from school if there's two inches of snow on the ground. They need to have those iPods taken away from them, that'll teach them something."
Dr. Charmagny went on to explain that the cool weather in the Midwest is the Earth's 'sympathetic' reaction to global warming. "It gets so warm, that when it gets cold, it gets really cold. It's like when it's quiet after a lot of noise, it seems especially quiet. Again, that's a scientific phenomenon you can read about in any school kid's science book. If these little brats even read their schoolbooks. Brats."
There was some coverage of the chaos caused in central and southern China by their heaviest snowfalls for decades - but little attention was paid to the snow that last week carpeted Jerusalem, Damascus and Amman, none of them exactly used to Dickensian Christmas card weather. Similarly, Saudis last month expressed amazement at their heaviest snow for many years, in Afghanistan snow and freezing weather killed 120 people and large parts of the United States and Canada have been swept by unusually fierce blizzards.
Last autumn the BBC and others could scarcely contain their excitement in reporting that the Arctic ice was melting so fast there would soon be none left. Sea ice cover had shrunk to the lowest level ever recorded. But for some reason the warmists are less keen on the latest satellite findings, reported by the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) on the website Cryosphere Today by the University of Illinois.
This body is committed to warmist orthodoxy and contributes to the work of the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. Yet its graph of northern hemisphere sea ice area, which shows the ice shrinking from 13,000 million sq km to just 4 million from the start of 2007 to October, also shows it now almost back to 13 million sq km. A second graph, "Global Ice Area", shows a similar pattern repeated every year since satellite records began in 1979; while a third, "Southern Hemisphere Ice", shows that sea ice has actually expanded in recent years, well above its 30-year mean.
Still more inconvenient was the truth about an image that has been relentlessly exploited to promote this panic over the "vanishing" Arctic ice. It is the photograph of two polar bears standing forlornly on the fast-melting remains of an iceberg which has been reproduced thousands of times to show that there will soon be no bears left (ignoring evidence that their numbers have risen recently). Now, thanks to a Canadian journalist, Carole Williams (on NewsWithViews.com), we can read the story behind this picture, which was taken in 2004 just off Alaska by a marine biologist, Amanda Byrd. As Ms Byrd is happy to point out, the bears were in no danger so close to the coast (they can swim 100 miles). She wanted a photograph more of the "wind-sculpted ice" than of the bears.
The image was copied by another member of the crew and passed on to Environment Canada. Then it was eagerly adopted by the warmist propaganda machine - above all by Al Gore, who used it to powerful effect as an emotive backdrop to his highly lucrative lectures." Their habitat is melting," he likes to declaim, "beautiful animals, literally being forced off the planet."As the old joke has it, it seems those famous bears were not drowning after all, they were just waving. But the BBC is no more likely to tell us that than it was to lead the news with last week's snow in Jerusalem.
I think you may find the little graph I have just produced of interest. It illustrates an intriguing mini-phenomenon: since 1998, `global warming' appears to have - wait for it - stopped. The data is taken from the UK Met Office's `HadCRUT3' dataset, a globally-gridded product of near-surface temperatures, consisting of annual differences from 1961-90 normals. The full data set is available here, covering the period from 1850 to the present. The coloured ribbon shows the best estimate data from this set. But, what does it mean?
Of course, little can be gleaned from such a short data run of only 10-years ["`Global warmers' also please note, thank you"], but the temperature anomaly has clearly dipped, and then flat-lined below its 1998 anomaly peak - and for nine years now. In other words, since 1998 there has been no global warming [not even any `global warming']. Yet, atmospheric CO2 has continued to rise, from c. 368 ppmv in 1998 to c. 384 ppmv in November, 2007 [see: `CO2 Signals From The Past', February 1]. Moreover, politicians persist in claiming that temperature is rising faster than at any other time in the history of the whole Earth..... but then, we always believe our politicians, don't we?
So, does this mean to say that other factors may actually be driving climate and temperature? Oh me, Oh my! What a shock! Perhaps with all those shredders in our offices and homes, there are just too many tiny bits and bobs of credit cards floating up into the air and cooling the atmosphere? Or, weddings may have increased in number, and particulate confetti is having an unknown effect? Or, then again, the rise out of the `Little Ice Age', which ended c. 1880, might just be stuttering a tad? Who knows?
Time to get my skates on. But, whatever it is - for the moment, at least - Global Warming Has Stopped! Shout it from the rooftops, from your PCs, and from your Apple Macs.
The major objection that Greenies such as Dessler raised to the "400+ climate skeptics" report released by Inhofe was that some of the academic skeptics included were "not qualified" to comment on climate issues. So their outrage at DiCaprio's lack of climatological qualifications is to be expected -- or is it?
Hollywood actor Leonardo DiCaprio has been invited to the Scottish Parliament to speak about climate change.The Oscar nominated actor - whose films include Titanic, Blood Diamond and The Departed - is also a passionate environmental campaigner. Green Party MSP Patrick Harvie has written to DiCaprio, inviting him to come to the Holyrood and speak to MSPs about the threat of global warming.
In his letter the Glasgow MSP told the actor that the Scottish Government had recently began discussions on a proposed Climate Change Bill. Mr Harvie explained that while these included "ambitious long-term targets" for reductions in carbon dioxide emissions the Greens wanted further action.And he said: "It would be a great help were you able to speak to other members of the Parliament about the urgency of the threat we face."
A Green Party spokesman said they were currently waiting on a response from DiCaprio.The actor produced, co-wrote and narrated the documentary film The 11th Hour, which looks at how human actions have affected the environment.
Today people worship actors, but former times saw them as lowlifes, as unstable people driven to pretense and false dealings. In other words, as hypocrites. It's heresy to say so but former times might have had a point.
Who's our congressman?" asked mama polar bear during a light lunch on an ice floe somewhere off Alaska. "Beats me," said papa polar bear. "Pass the walrus calf."
"I want to send a letter complaining about Joey being attacked again by those government wildlife scientists," said mama polar bear.
"Let it go," said papa polar bear. "Your brother still stinks of humans. But at least the sedation's taking longer to wear off this time, so he hasn't been his usual testy, cranky self."
"You'd be stressed too if you were chased by a helicopter, shot with a tranquilizer dart and had 'X19788' tattooed on the inside of your mouth when you were only 5 years old," said mama polar bear. "At least now he can no longer claim that first encounter was an alien abduction," said papa polar bear. "Cool it, kids," said grandpa polar bear. "Those scientists are just doing their job -- like the ones we saw on '60 Minutes' two weeks ago. "If it weren't for their longitudinal studies, we wouldn't know how many of us live up here or that anthropomorphic global warming is a threat to our iconic existence."
"Well, I'm sick of being harassed," said mama polar bear. "For my entire life they've been drugging us, weighing us, checking our fat content -- poking into our sex lives. Now they've got Scott Pelley of CBS flying around with them." "At least they're not putting radio collars on us or painting numbers on our backs," said papa polar bear. "Or shooting us anymore," reminded grandpa polar bear. "In my day, we had a lot more than mad scientists, biased TV reporters and melting pack ice to worry about. We were daily target practice for sports hunters or bored sailors.
"I bet there weren't 8,000 of us left in the whole Arctic in 1970. Now that we're protected, the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service estimates we're up to 25,000 -- though 60 percent of us live in Canada, those hosers."
"I'd rather take my chances with hunters than put up with this darn population explosion," said papa polar bear. "You can't go 20 miles without bumping into a mother and her spoiled cubs. Go into town for a little Dumpster diving, and it's so crowded you gotta take a number."
"Quit griping, son," said grandpa polar bear. "Our species has finally hit the jackpot. Humans were our only enemy. Now we're the official mascots of the climate-change industrial complex. We're as charismatic as whales. We've got lobbyists all over Washington."
"It won't last," said papa polar bear. "Wait till everyone finds out the ice cap naturally gets thinner or thicker all the time. Wait till they all realize we can swim 30 miles before breakfast. Wait till they see two-thirds of us haven't died by 2050 because of a little global warming.
"But what if '60 Minutes' turns on us and catches us eating baby seals?" asked mama polar bear. "Don't be such alarmists," said grandpa polar bear. "Al Gore will never let it happen. "The mainstream media, politicians and school kids have been completely suckered. We're apex victims of modern mankind. Senators from New Jersey are working to put us on the Endangered Species list. Congress is talking about doing a study to make sure we won't be hurt before they allow those new oil and gas leases to be auctioned in the Chuckchi Sea. It's only a matter of time before we get Pell Grants for polar bears.
"So stop worrying, kids," said grandpa polar bear, slipping off the ice floe for a little five mile swim. "We've never had it so good."
Yesterday's green propaganda teach in demonstrated campuses are as much about indoctrination as discovering truth from the interplay of diverse viewpoints. Global warming issues took over lecture halls in colleges across the country Thursday, with more than 1,500 universities participating in what was billed as the nation's largest-ever "teach-in."
Organizers said the goal of the event, dubbed "Focus the Nation," was to move past preaching to the green choir, to reach a captive audience of students in many fields who might not otherwise tune in to climate change issues
The reporter got it right when she mentioned that students are a captive audience, forced to listen to and accept the perceived wisdom, similar to but without the harshest consequences of any Communist re education campaign. According to a student organizer
"It's about infusing sustainability into the curriculum of higher education, so students can graduate prepared to deal with the world they have been handed,"
By infusing the one thought propaganda within the curriculum captive students not only have no opportunity to learn other points of view they won't even realize there are other opinions. Perfect mind control.
Therefore, the 23 year old student organizer is totally wrong--once the students graduate and are out in the real world they will be very unprepared to deal with the world the university has handed them. For this they and their parents sacrificed?
AIM have done a very thorough job of demolishing the Warmists. The introduction to their big article is below:
In the past several months, a new "crisis" has heated up the controversy over man-made global warming. A few major-media writers and TV personalities are actually reporting statements by credible scientists who are challenging the assumption that carbon dioxide is the primary force causing global warming.
There's a real possibility that big-name journalists will break ranks and pursue their next Pulitzer Prize by exposing the lack of scientific consensus on CO2 as a planet-heating pollutant. That would create a crisis of confidence among the activists, researchers and global-governance apparatchiks who want a global carbon tax to build their political and financial power base.
As an agricultural journalist, I find this a fascinating new development in the climate controversy. I've studied weather and climate for more than 50 years. In the early 1970s, I wrote a short book, Tomorrow's Wild Weather, which warned what could happen if there was a long-term continuation of the cooling trends in the mid-latitudes since the 1930s.
As climatologist Reid Bryson advised me at the time, a cooler climate in temperate zones would have been serious for world agriculture: Westerly winds would intensify, making U.S. weather more extreme. Africa's Sahel desert would expand much farther southward, spreading famine across northern Africa. The data looked ominous: Average temperature in the 48 U.S. states had fallen by more than six-tenths of a degree Celsius since 1930.
This cooling attracted widespread press coverage and even some political pressure-to reduce "aerosols" or fine particles of pollutants which must be making our atmosphere more opaque. But the "New Ice Age" scare faded as more refined data emerged and the longer-term, slow recovery from the Little Ice Age resumed.
I've continued to follow the climate controversy, especially since the 1997 UN Framework Convention on Climate Change. Since that conference, billions of dollars in government funding have generated floods of research data, a myriad of computer models, political posturing and the Kyoto Protocol.
Most of that data is freely available to scientists and others on the Internet. Using it, hundreds of highly qualified climatologists and other scientists outside the fraternal network of the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change have challenged climate prediction models and other assumptions of the IPCC's reports. While there's consensus that climates change over time, climatologists are sharply divided over the interactions of the many potential causes. As research emerges, CO2 as a primary warming force becomes harder to defend with hard data.
These challenges are starting to fracture the UN's pretext for global governance over carbon emissions-including imposition of carbon taxes and "carbon credit" trading supervised by UN agencies. Giving the UN a legal right to impose a carbon tax- "cap and trade" in UNspeak-would provide an income stream to UN agencies which would greatly increase political power of UN bureaucracies. And their track record with large amounts of money, such as the Iraqi Oil for Food program, is not encouraging. However, if the scientific case for CO2 as a primary climate pollutant crumbles, so could a global carbon tax.
Individual climatologists have disputed conclusions of the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change even before the first IPCC Assessment Report in 1990. The IPCC has issued a series of reports, each focusing on CO2 as the primary "greenhouse gas" causing the continuing warming recovery since the Little Ice Age.
One of the first organized scientific counterattacks sounded on April 6, 2006. Sixty accredited experts in climate and related scientific disciplines signed a letter to Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper, urging that billions of Canadian tax dollars appropriated to implement the Kyoto Protocol on climate change "will be squandered without a proper assessment of recent developments in climate science." They wrote that if today's extensive climate knowledge and measuring capabilities had existed in the mid-1990s, the Kyoto treaty "would almost certainly not exist, because we would have concluded it was not necessary."
That scientific challenge received little prime-time media attention. The Canadian government's administration and legislature mostly ignored it.
Then, in March 2007, the UK's Channel 4 broadcast a biting documentary, The Great Global Warming Swindle. It debunked most of the major arguments of Al Gore's Oscar-winning video, An Inconvenient Truth. For example, the Antarctic ice core data dramatized in Gore's show actually reveal that increases in CO2 have generally followed increases in temperature. The lag is typically on the order of 800 years.
The Swindle documentary roused furor and scorn among carbon-as-cause believers, who attacked Channel 4 as offering a "great propaganda gift" to "climate-change deniers." But the credibility and rationale of scientific sources on the documentary endured the attacks. No factual challenges were forthcoming against the scientists' arguments.
The controversy over this TV show, the first journalistic challenge against CO2 as primary world thermostat, may have encouraged others in the scientific community to point out that despite roughly $50 billion for climate-change research over several decades, the case against carbon dioxide faces more uncertainty as the evidence grows, not less.
One such challenge comes from Dr. Bob Carter, Research Professor at James Cook University and paleoclimate analyst with more than 30 years' experience, including 95 research papers.
In an Accuracy in Media guest column in April 2007, Carter emphasized: "The evidence for dangerous global warming forced by human carbon dioxide emissions is extremely weak. That the satellite temperature record shows no substantial warming since 1978, and that even the ground-based thermometer statistic records no warming since 1998, indicates that a key line of circumstantial evidence for human-caused change-the parallel rise in the late 20th century of both atmospheric carbon dioxide and surface temperatures-is now negated."
This challenge and others from eminent scientists roused the carbon theorists to their ramparts. On the website www.realclimate.org, Gavin Scmidt and Stefan Rahmstorf presented a 1980-2006 chart of global temperature showing that the trend of deviation from "normal" in that 26-year period remains up. But they made no attempt to explain why shorter-term deviations vary more widely than the longer-term anomaly, which puts the globe at about 0.4 degrees Celsius above its long-term "normal" using the GISTEMP Land-Ocean Index computed by the Goddard Institute for Space Studies.
Throughout 2007, hundreds of highly qualified climate scientists individually challenged the presumption that global regulators can, and must, manage the world's thermostat by curbing 50% - and possible eventually 100%-of man-made carbon dioxide emissions.
The most lively media arena for the CO2 emissions controversy the past two years has been, by far, among Internet websites and blogs. The Science and Public Policy Institute (http://scienceandpublicpolicy.org) offers a wide-ranging forum on the science of climate change. Websites like the SPPI bypass major-media gatekeepers and the UN organizers, who carefully monitor any non-governmental organization wishing to attend an IPCC climate conference. Example: At the November 2000 Conference of the Parties (COP6) climate parley in the Hague, Netherlands, the only non-governmental organization to oppose the Kyoto Protocol was Sovereignty International (www.sovereignty.net).
The websites provide newspaper, radio and TV reporters a rich diversity of data and analysis on the issue. Usually, any posted article contains an opportunity for immediate rebuttal. These websites may embolden scientists to speak out more frequently in a forum unconstrained by peer review.
The volume of new climate data is accelerating, which means that media-amplified claims like the linkage between climate warming and hurricanes can be challenged more quickly. For instance, the SPPI site points out 35 factual errors in Al Gore's documentary, "An Inconvenient Truth."
On Dec. 20 2007, the biggest-yet assembly of scientists challenging the Kyoto pretext of CO2-as-villain was posted by Marc Morano on the minority page of the U.S. Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works. This extensive digging by Sen. James Inhofe's staff summarized comments from over 400 prominent scientists who disputed some aspect of man-made global warming in 2007. These scientists' observations fill some 120 pages when printed out from the website. But they hardly made a ripple on prime-time TV news.
This Senate site says, in part: "Over 400 prominent scientists from more than two dozen countries recently voiced significant objections to major aspects of the so-called "consensus" on man-made global warming. These scientists, many of whom are current and former participants in the UN IPCC (Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change), criticized the climate claims made by the UN IPCC and former Vice President Al Gore."
Sen. Inhofe's staff observes, "Even some in the establishment media now appear to be taking notice of the growing number of skeptical scientists. In October, Washington Post Staff Writer Juliet Eilperin conceded the obvious, writing that climate skeptics "appear to be expanding rather than shrinking."
In all the political brouhaha over `global warming', and despite the 35 per cent rise in the concentration of atmospheric carbon dioxide over pre-industrial conditions [from 1832 ice-core records of c. 284 ppmv to c. 384 ppmv in November, 2007), we too often forget that atmospheric CO2 levels remain at their lowest for 500 million years.
The above graph has been taken from `Atmospheric carbon dioxide levels for the last 500 million years' by Daniel H. Rothman (Massachusetts Institute of Technology), published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences 99 (7), April 2, 2002, pp. 4167-4171. The graph shows the fluctuations in the partial pressure of atmospheric CO2 (pCO2) over the last 500 My (million years), employing certain methodological improvements introduced by Rothman in his paper.
The grey bars at the top of the graph represent cooler periods in the Earth's history; the white spaces between are warmer periods. The time scale embraces minus 500 million years from the present, and includes the following geological periods: Ordovician, Silurian, Devonian, Carboniferous, Permian, Triassic, Jurassic, Cretaceous, and Tertiary.
"The last 500 million years of the strontium-isotope record are shown to correlate significantly with the concurrent record of isotopic fractionation between inorganic and organic carbon after the effects of recycled sediment are removed from the strontium signal. The correlation is shown to result from the common dependence of both signals on weathering and magmatic processes. Because the long-term evolution of carbon dioxide levels depends similarly on weathering and magmatism, the relative fluctuations of CO2 levels are inferred from the shared fluctuations of the isotopic records. The resulting CO2 signal exhibits no systematic correspondence with the geologic record of climatic variations at tectonic time scales."
"Using a variety of sedimentological criteria, Frakes et al. have concluded that Earth's climate has cycled several times between warm and cool modes for roughly the last 600 My. Recent work by Veizer et al., based on measurements of oxygen isotopes in calcite and aragonite shells, appears to confirm the existence of these long-period (~135 My) climatic fluctuations. Changes in CO2 levels are usually assumed to be among the dominant mechanisms driving such long-term climate change. It is therefore interesting to ask what, if any, correspondence exists between ancient climate and the estimate of pCO2 in Fig. 4 [the Figure shown above]. The gray [sic] bars at the top of Fig. 4 correspond to the periods when the global climate was cool; the intervening white space corresponds to the warm modes. The most recent cool period corresponds to relatively low CO2 levels, as is widely expected.
However, no correspondence between pCO2 and climate is evident in the remainder of the record, in part because the apparent 100 My cycle of the pCO2 record does not match the longer climatic cycle. The lack of correlation remains if one calculates the change in average global surface temperature resulting from changes in pCO2 and the solar constant using energy-balance arguments. Superficially, this observation would seem to imply that pCO2 does not exert dominant control on Earth's climate at time scales greater than about 10 My. A wealth of evidence, however, suggests that pCO2 exerts at least some control [see Crowley and Berner for a recent review]. Fig. 4 cannot by itself refute this assumption. Instead, it simply shows that the `null hypothesis' that pCO2 and climate are unrelated cannot be rejected on the basis of this evidence alone."
Of course, this study also rightly stresses its focus on long-term geological cycles. Nevertheless, it demonstrates well our current position with respect to geological time. Where carbon dioxide is concerned, we remain at a low ebb. Moreover, if for long geological periods the `null hypothesis' that pCO2 and climate are unrelated cannot be rejected on the basis of such evidence, how certain are we that comparable constraints might not apply at much shorter time scales too? I only ask?
You see, I just have a hunch that water vapour and the hydrological cycle are more significant drivers at all time scales, with temperature and carbon dioxide `piggy-backing' on these rather than presenting a merely simplistic, if beguiling, correlation.
Common sense should tell us that good policies produce more in benefits than they cost us. Unfortunately, common sense has left the building when it comes to climate policy. Asserting (somewhat absurdly) that America's economic and geopolitical competitors, such as China and India, are just waiting for "U.S. moral leadership," several voices are renewing their call for domestic cap-and-trade legislation to control greenhouse gases.
But cap-and-trade schemes are fundamentally flawed, and particularly ill-suited to greenhouse gas control. The current poster child for cap and trade is the Warner-Lieberman Climate Security Act of 2007 (S. 2191). If enacted, Warner-Lieberman will cause economic harm without producing any environmental or climate-protective benefits. This is the hallmark of irrational policy.
First, let's look at the likelihood that the legislation's goals can be met. Economist Margo Thorning observed in Congressional testimony, "In order to meet the emission reduction targets in S. 2191, U.S. per capita emissions would have to fall by a total of 13.8 percent over the 2000-2012 period, an additional 20.2 percent from 2012 to 2020 and a further 27.6 from 2020 to 2030. In other words, the required reductions in per capita emissions are about 25 to 35 times greater than what occurred from 1990 to 2000. The technologies simply do not exist to reduce total (and per capita emissions) over the next 17 years by the amounts mandated in S. 2191..." Thorning is not alone in this belief: in a 2004 Science article, a team of 18 prestigious scientists observed that meeting projected growth in energy demand while sharply curbing greenhouse gas emissions requires carbon-free technologies that "do not exist operationally or as pilot plants."
Now, let's look at the costs. Economist Anne Smith testified to Congress that her state-of-the-art economic modeling estimates that Warner-Lieberman would cause net reduction in 2015 GDP of 1.0% to 1.6% relative to the GDP that would otherwise occur. That loss rises to the range of 2% to 2.5% after 2015. Smith found that the annual loss in GDP would increase to the range of $800 billion to $1 trillion, which is serious money. By 2020, Smith estimates losses of 1.5 to 3.4 million jobs -- and that is net jobs, after adjusting for the new "green" jobs that might be created by the bill.
None of this is surprising as experience has shown cap-and-trade schemes are fundamentally flawed. Here are four reasons. First, capping carbon essentially puts a regulatory drag on economic growth. When the economy grows, energy demand rises, which means the demand for the limited number of carbon permits would rise, strangling growth in its cradle.
Second, everyone involved in a cap-and-trade system has incentives to cheat. Companies have incentives both to overstate historical emissions, and to exaggerate the benefits of new technologies to generate bogus emissions that become ready cash. Experience in both the US and Europe shows that firms usually get away with it: validating historic emissions is nearly impossible. And governments won't look very hard - wanting to appear green, they have strong incentives to turn their eyes away from carbon credit malfeasance.
Third, cap-and-trade creates a perpetual group of rent-seekers - those raking in profits in new carbon trading - who will call for ever-tighter caps, and who will staunchly oppose any other approach to dealing with greenhouse gas emissions. Once a company holds millions of dollars in carbon credits, they can be expected to spend large sums of money lobbying against anything that would devalue their new currency.
Finally, carbon cap-and-trade will raise the costs of energy, goods, and services. If that does not happen, there is no incentive for anyone to cut back on energy use, and the attendant emissions it produces. This could be offset, in theory, if the carbon permits were all auctioned off, and the revenues used to lower other taxes. But no emission trading system has ever auctioned off a majority of permits, and Warner-Lieberman is no exception: at first, it auctions only a trivial share of emission permits, and even when that ramps up decades hence, the revenues are used as a wealth-redistribution tool focused mainly on funding dubious energy research schemes rather than protecting the overall economy from the impact of higher energy prices.
The post-Bali refrain is that the US should "lead" by enacting carbon cap-and-trade. Apart from the silliness of assuming that our economic and political competitors are waiting on the US for "moral leadership," carbon cap-and-trade is simply bad policy: its costs are high, and benefits non-existent. Rational climate policy would consist of a short-term focus on adaptation, and a longer-term effort to reduce greenhouse gas emissions via a modest revenue-neutral carbon tax.
Participants in President Bush's international climate conference this week in Hawaii should know that the "solution" to global warming -- expensive energy -- slows economic growth, at enormous human cost. In fact, evidence suggests that policies to fight global warming are worse for human welfare than rising temperatures.
By now it is common knowledge that climate change is caused by the combustion of fossil fuels, which releases heat-trapping greenhouse gases into the atmosphere. But fossil fuels generate 85 percent of the world's energy because they are the cheapest sources of energy on earth. So a move towards green energy is a move away from cheap energy.
Not everyone admits the stark economic realities of fighting climate change. Representative from the European Union, for example, seem oblivious to the costs of the policies they propose. During negotiations last December in Bali, Indonesia, EU officials demanded that the world commit to steep reductions in greenhouse gas emissions, with the goal of limiting global warming to 2 degrees Celsius.
According to the International Energy Agency, the costs of meeting the EU's proposal are staggering. The IEA says that it would require the construction of 30 new nuclear power plants, 17,000 wind turbines, 400 biomass plants, two hydroelectric dams the size of China's Three Gorges Dam, and 42 coal fired power plants equipped with still-experimental systems to sequester their carbon-dioxide emissions undergroundeach year from 2013 to 2030.
Of course, alternative energy sources cost more than conventional generation from fossil fuels -- that's why a green energy future is an expensive energy future. Expensive energy, however, is inimical to economic well-being. Consider America's economic malaise during the Carter administration, which was caused in large part by the precipitous increase in the price of oil resulting from the 1973 OPEC oil embargo
Don't be fooled by politicians like California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, who claim that curbing global emissions will boost economic growth by creating a thriving "green sector." For each solar panel technician gained, a coal miner -- and much more--are lost, because higher energy prices means less of everything made from energy, which is...everything.
Economists agree that an abrupt transition to a clean energy future would cost the global economy scores, even hundreds, of trillions of dollars. Numbers, no matter how eye-popping, are only an abstraction of the human consequences of a low growth/expensive energy future. Greater wealth yields more medical care, less exposure to the elements and better nutrition-all of which save or prolong human life. By extension, slow growth kills, because it deprives the poorest of the means to ward off cold, sickness and disease.
So what's worse: the warming, or the policy? Danish statistician Bjorn Lomborg applied a cost/benefit analysis to climate change mitigation measures like the Kyoto Protocol, and found they were a tragic waste of money. According to his research, we could spend a fraction of the cost of climate policies on immediate problems, like HIV or malaria, and save millions more lives than global warming would take.
In a 2007 study, Yale economist William Nordhaus demonstrated that the package of policies advocated by Al Gore would leave the world $44 trillion worse off at the end of the 21st century, or about double the cost of doing nothing about climate change. That's a killer deal, literally.
To be sure, global warming is real, and the climate will slowly change. But that doesn't mean that international officials in Hawaii should ignore the costs of controlling the planet's thermostat; otherwise, they risk prioritizing atmospheric chemistry over global poverty.
As I arose this morning to go work out, the temp was again -14. That's inside a major city, and it was much colder out in the boonies. I've seen worse and survived, but I really could get along quite nicely with less frigid temps. So, certainly, could my 18-year-old car. Where in hell is that dreaded, inevitable global warming the politically-correct sheep keep harping about?
Allow me to tell you where that global warming is. It's in the planet's nature, and we don't know squat about that. We do know that planet temps vary in cycles, but how and why is complex. It will be warmer sometime, and it will be generally colder sometime, but we puny humans can't predict it with any certainty. One thing I am sure of, though, is that we humans, short of balls-out nuclear war, cannot affect global temperatures to any significant degree. Everything we do together, worst-case, good or bad, is nothing compared to one volcanic eruption or a big forest fire, and those happen with or without our permission or intent.
Meanwhile, we're screwing up a lot by forcing nonsensical false-solutions on the world's population. By forcing, and subsidizing, ethanol on ourselves, we're driving up the cost of grains around the world, costing all of us even more money for food, and actually causing starvation. Ethanol is a solution to nothing, but we could kill ourselves trying to make it so. Cropland is being switched to corn, to feed the subsidized ethanol factories. That drives up the cost of corn, which drives up the cost of everything else produced from corn. Land that once was used for other crops is now planted in lucrative corn, creating shortages of other crops and driving their price up as well.
Can we not see when we are being bamboozled? Can we not even get suspicious when we see a TV ad of little kids mouthing global-warming fears for an organization lusting for your contributions? How gullible can we be? Global warming is being pushed by groups who get rich off your contributions, by scaring the crap out of you. They make you feel responsible for the weather, and some of them were doing it with global COOLING scares in the past.
I don't know what will replace gasoline as fuel in the future, but from what I do know, there is plenty of oil around the globe. I suspect someone will come up with a better, cheaper fuel in time, but ethanol sure as hell isn't it, and by forcing ethanol down our carburettor throats, we're reducing the incentive and ability to find good solutions. In short, we're in the process of killing ourselves.
There are all sorts of conferences with all sorts of purposes and the Heartland Institute is arranging a conference called "The 2008 International Conference on Climate Change" in New York. The purpose of the conference is to highlight the fact that there is a variety of views on climate change among scientists -- and to debate and discuss those views. And the Greenies seem to be afraid to participate -- knowing of course how many holes and frail assumptions there are in their arguments.
So The Greenie "Real Climate" site has slammed the conference by saying that it is not a routine general meeting for members of a scientific discipline but rather a more publicly available talking shop. It appears that according to them there is only one sort of conference! They also quite plainly imply that scientists who do not agree with them are not real scientists! A nice little circular argument implied there, I think. Below is the response (Comment 47) by James M. Taylor of the Heartland Institute to the Greenie article:
The anonymously authored Real Climate article above is a disappointing smear job - i.e., you have nothing to say substantively, so you attempt to smear your intellectual opponents. Many of the world's leading climate scientists from some of the world's most prestigious universities will be giving presentations. Rather than behaving like children and throwing mud at them, perhaps you might behave like adults and discuss the science. Of course, that will never happen because open and honest debate is what you fear most.
I never thought I would see the day when scientific debate and inquiry, conducted by some of the most credentialed scientists in the world, would be considered a bad thing. But that is what happens when people are afraid of the truth.
Al Gore in one day rakes in more honorarium money than all of our speakers combined. Nevertheless, we have offered to pay his usual honorarium to speak at our conference, but have not heard back from Mr. Gore. We have invited Real Climate's Michael Mann to come and speak at our conference, but Mr. Mann also has failed to respond to our invitation.
Unlike Real Climate, we do not attempt to stifle scientific inquiry. Instead, we encourage it. We are equal opportunity investigators of science. As the Real Climate article above notes, we have invited many members of Real Climate to come and give presentations. It is odd that Real Climate is invited to discuss the science in a professional, scholarly environment, yet throws stones from afar, where they do not have to subject their claims to scientific scrutiny.
Perhaps Real Climate will abandon their fear of public discourse, and will reconsider their decision to decline our invitation to speak at the conference. After all, isn't honest and open scientific discussion a good thing? Please send me an email at taylor@heartland.org and, as my prior emails indicate, I would be happy to add you to our conference lineup.
The level of chutzpah in your comment is breathtaking. Our 'substantive' additions to the scientific knowledge is well attested to by our publications in the peer reviewed literature and is subject to scientific scrutiny every day. I will even venture to make a prediction that the number of peer-reviewed papers on climate science we have collectively authored in the last 5 years will be substantially more than all of your speakers put together. Honest and open scientific discussion is greatly to be wished for, and in fact, happens all the time. I don't recall ever bumping into you at a real conference (AGU/AMS/EGU), but should you ever go, you'll see it how it works first hand. Your institute plays no role in that because your approach is the anti-thesis of scientific inquiry - your conclusions have been decided before you look at the evidence. When you decide to stop abusing the scientific process for political gain, then perhaps we can talk.
In saying: "Your conclusions have been decided before you look at the evidence" Schmidt is in fact of course describing the Greenie procedure. Good ol' Green/Left "projection" again. And getting papers published in journals where the editors and referees agree with you is both a doddle and no proof of anything. It is exposure to people who DISAGREE with you that is the real test and the Greenie scientists will not be in that. James Taylor further emailed Marc Morano as follows:
I would really prefer to keep the conversation with them constructive and professional, but the nasty, unprovoked, ad hominem attack they posted on their website against scientists who disagree with them was simply uncalled for.
By the way, I attempted to post a follow-up comment on their blog, but they have cut me off and refuse to post my comments. How typical of their tactics! If they are going to have a "closed" blog that does not allow dissent, they should at least be intellectually honest enough to identify it as such. Seeing as Gavin and company refuse to post comments from people who disagree with them, I will share my attempted post with you:
Gavin, I am disappointed, though not surprised, that you and your Real Climate fellow activists have refused our invitation to speak at the climate change conference (see 47, above). I can make a pretty good guess as to why. Less than a year ago, on March 14, 2007, Real Climate's Gavin Schmidt and two other global warming alarmists debated global warming against three skeptical scientists in front of the prestigious Intelligence Squared debating society in New York City. A poll of audience members prior to the debate found that the audience believed by a 2-to-1 margin (57 percent to 29 percent) that global warming is a crisis. After a lengthy debate in which all panelists had a chance to present their evidence and answer follow-up questions, the audience voted by a 46 to 42 percent margin that global warming is NOT a crisis.
Better for Real Climate activists to remain in your self-contained blogosphere and classlessly sling mud than to run the risk of another public embarrassment in a fair and honest scientific debate, right Gavin?
In my opinion, intelligence is a necessary part of a scientist's innate equipment, but intelligence alone is insufficient. Insight and character count too, for without them a scientist lacks judgment, the absence of which will eventuate in self-deception. Bad character leads to worse, until it undermines and defeats intelligence. I offer Gavin Schmidt as evidence for the validity of my opinion.
I might finally note that the Leftist "Think Progress" site has also weighed in with typical intellectual depth. They seem to feel that they have uttered a damning indictment by trotting out their usual boilerplate that the conference is funded by "Big oil". Getting the Green/Left to rise above ad hominem smears and actually debate the issues really is a Herculean task!
The Heartland Institute organizes a climate conference in March that is, unlike the conferences that you usually hear about in the media, open to climate skeptics and experts regardless of their political opinions or overall sentiments about the relationship between Nature and the human civilization. The organizers have sent invitations to many kinds of climate experts, including some of the well-known champions of the climate alarm. These invitations have provoked a hysterical reaction at RealClimate.ORG.
The profoundly concerned scientists describe all the scientists who will attend - before they actually know who they are - as being corrupt by the "evil" oil industry, not being scientists at all, as people being paid concrete amounts of money to fabricate papers and talks, and so on. Their talks are described as "tobacco science". RealClimate.ORG even recommends their readers conspiracy theories from two hardcore smear ecoNazi websites, ExxonSecrets.ORG and SourceWatch.ORG, that pre-emptively throw mud at very concrete people who might (or might not) attend.
What about the remaining 450 scientists at the updated Inhofe's list? Are the environmentalist whackos fast enough to create a similar Goebbelsian web page about every scientist who says the obvious, namely that the dangerous global warming orthodoxy is a hoax? Do they actually believe that they can eliminate the opposition as completely and effectively as NSDAP did without actually having police and other arms under its control?
The RealClimate "group" explains that the participants are not scientists at all - before they actually know who is attending - and they encourage the participants to skip the talks and enjoy a nice hotel in New York instead. They wouldn't hear any science at all, so it is important that the participants can't hear the talks...
Their smear job is so blatant, hateful, and inconsistent with any kind of a reasonable, balanced, open-minded, or scientific analysis of a question that I can't really believe that there exist people who are intelligent enough to learn how to read but moronic enough to be influenced by this incredibly cheap propagandistic porn.
The Heartland Institute conference is clearly not designed as a cutting edge conference that is expected to lead to some revolutionary scientific results. No truly groundbreaking discoveries have been made in climate science for many decades and it is unlikely that some of them will occur in a foreseeable future. Climate is just too messy and there are too many moderately important small insights about it. On the other hand, there are scientists - such as Richard Lindzen, Roy Spencer, Henrik Svensmark, and numerous others - who understand the climate much better than most people, including many active participants of the "climate debate", and who have a lot of things to teach others.
The real problem here is a political one - there exist powerful forces that don't want other people to learn what is actually known about the climate, not even some of the basic results and numbers. There exist organizations and their ad hoc unions that prefer constant lies to be promoted by the media and myths to thrive among ordinary people.
They have certain reasons to make people believe that the temperature of the second millenium looked like a hockey stick - even five years after the papers were shown to be bunk and their main author a crackpot in statistics. They want everyone to believe that the carbon dioxide was driving temperature during the ice ages and interglacials - many years after it became absolutely clear that the causal relation behind the correlation goes in the opposite direction.
They want everyone to believe that small changes of the temperature can exterminate polar bears and other species even though the actual scientific evidence shows that it can't, that the Solar activity doesn't have any impact on the terrestrial climate even though there is extensive evidence that it does, that small warming creates catastrophic hurricanes even though all links of this type have been shown erroneous. They want everyone to believe that there is a scientific consensus about this scientific discipline and this consensus can settle the debate and justify arbitrarily oversimplified conclusions - even though there is clearly no consensus and even if there existed one, it wouldn't mean anything and it would certainly not justify any oversimplification.
Indeed, the official goal of the organizers of the conference is a political one - to inform the world about the real state of affairs, namely that many qualified experts who have carefully thought about these questions simply disagree with the global warming orthodoxy. Individual participants may have purer (or, on the contrary, more material) reasons to attend. At all conferences, it is always like that, to one extent or another, and the "group" is simply not saying the truth if they pretend that pure scientific curiosity is behind all of their conferences. But I think that it is good that the Heartland organizers honestly state what is their goal because the goal of analogous alarmist conferences is also political (while many of their attendees have material reasons to attend) but this fact is being routinely obscured.
There is another difference that RealClimate.ORG points out: that the preferred speakers are recommended by the organizers or sponsors while it is usually a scientific committee that does it at "ordinary" conferences. Unlike RealClimate.ORG, I am not so sure which of these two arrangements is superior.
I have learnt a great deal about the work in committees - most of them were impotent, constantly stuck bodies composed of people driven by their extremely narrow-minded personal interests and desire to look politically correct and coincide with whatever opinion is felt to be dominant according to the wind that is just blowing right now. Whenever the question was whether an adjacent discipline would be allowed an extra funding or job, the dominant argument was always the pockets of the participants. 90% of the arguments offered at certain committees' meetings were driven either by material interests of participants or the creation of their fake "nice" image.
Yes, with these memories in mind, I would probably prefer a semi-informed CEO of ExxonMobil to make the choice but I am not sure whether he or she is actually the person who will do it. ;-) In fact, I doubt it.
At any rate, I recommend all big shots and medium shots ;-) regardless of their position within the environmentally political spectrum to attend, learn a lot, and teach others - climate realists and climate alarmists alike - a lot.
The Canadian Space Agency's radio telescope has been reporting Flux Density Values so low they will mean a mini ice age if they continue.
Like the number of sunspots, the Flux Density Values reflect the Sun's magnetic activity, which affects the rate at which the Sun radiates energy and warmth. CSA project director Ken Tapping calls the radio telescope that supplies NASA and the rest of the world with daily values of the Sun's magnetic activity a "stethoscope on the Sun". In this case, however, it is the "doctor" whose health is directly affected by the readings.
This is because when the magnetic activity is low, the Sun is dimmer, and puts out less radiant warmth. If the Sun goes into dim mode, as it has in the past, the Earth gets much colder.
Tapping, who was originally from Kent, says that "Typically as you go through the ten or eleven year solar activity cycle you see the numbers go up or down. The lowest number is 64 or 68. The numbers 71 or 72 are very low, but they usually start to go up. We are at the end of a cycle, but the numbers still haven't gone up. We have been joking around coffee that we may be seeing the Sun about to shut down." (To date Tapping has been far more concerned about global warming.)
According to NASA, "early, well-documented records indicate that the Sun went through a period of inactivity in the late 17th century" from about 1645 to 1715, during the Maunder Minimum.
"This period of solar inactivity also corresponds to a climatic period called the Little Ice Age when rivers that are normally ice-free froze and snow fields remained year-round at lower altitudes." It was called the Maunder Minimum, after Edward Maunder, a British accountant who saw a sunspot "like a tack in the Sun" while he was walking home, and subsequently made counting and analyzing sunspots, rather than money, his life's work. There have been other Minimums. The Dalton Minimum of 1800 to 1810 was that period when Napoleon had his unfortunate encounter with the Russian winter.
If the Sun's magnetic activity does not increase, and it goes dim for an extended period, it will get quite chilly. In the meantime the Canada Space Agency, the Royal Observatory Greenwich and the US Air Force Solar Optical Observing Network are all keeping an eye on the Sun.
Top Republicans have called for an investigation into the recent purchase of carbon offsets, which were part of the Democratic leadership's "Green the Capitol" initiative. In a letter sent Thursday, Reps. Joe Barton (R-Texas) and John Shimkus (R-Ill.) asked the Government Accountability Office (GAO) to look into "questionable purchases of carbon offsets" reported this week in The Washington Post.
Republicans are criticizing the venture, which paid farms in the Midwest $89,000 to take steps to reduce the amount of carbon in the atmosphere and was intended to compensate for the possible pollution that members of Congress contribute to the environment. Thursday's letter was the second request sent this month to GAO Comptroller General David Walker regarding the carbon offsets purchases from Barton, the ranking member on the Energy and Commerce Committee, and Shimkus, ranking member on the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee. "The investigation should look at relevant spending authorities, financial controls, and related due-diligence behind the purchases, and whether this taxpayer outlay will actually reduce greenhouse emissions," they said in the letter....
The congressmen's first letter this month, sent on Jan. 14, called the relatively new field of purchasing carbon offsets "good faith transactions," saying there are "no proven safeguard(s)" to make sure offset companies, like the Chicago Climate Exchange that the House used, fulfill their promises. "We don't want carbon offsets to become the 21st century version of snake oil and patent medicine," Barton and Shimkus wrote.
Pielke could have added to his comment below that if the 8 years of recent global temperature stability is too small a slice of time to justify reliable generalizations, the roughly two decades of warming in the late 20th century is also too short a time-period to tell us anything. Yet it is that period which the Greenies have repeatedly hung their hat on.
Last week scientists at the Real Climate blog gave their confirmation bias synapses a workout by explaining that eight years of climate data is meaningless, and people who pay any attention to recent climate trends are "misguided." I certainly agree that we should exhibit cautiousness in interpreting short-duration observations, nonetheless we should always be trying to explain (rather than simply discount) observational evidence to avoid the trap of confirmation bias.
So it was interesting to see IPCC Chairman Rajendra Pachauri exhibit "misguided" behavior when he expressed some surprise about recent climate trends in The Guardian:
Rajendra Pachauri, the head of the U.N. Panel that shared the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize with former U.S. Vice President Al Gore, said he would look into the apparent temperature plateau so far this century. "One would really have to see on the basis of some analysis what this really represents," he told Reuters, adding "are there natural factors compensating?" for increases in greenhouse gases from human activities.
He added that sceptics about a human role in climate change delighted in hints that temperatures might not be rising. "There are some people who would want to find every single excuse to say that this is all hogwash," he said.
Ironically, by suggesting that their might be some significance to recent climate trends, Dr. Pachauri has provided ammunition to those very same skeptics that he disparages. Perhaps Real Climate will explain how misguided he is, but somehow I doubt it.
For the record, I accept the conclusions of IPCC Working Group I. I don't know how to interpret climate observations of the early 21st century, but believe that there are currently multiple valid hypotheses. I also think that we can best avoid confirmation bias, and other cognitive traps, by making explicit predictions of the future and testing them against experience. The climate community, or at least its activist wing, studiously avoids forecast verification. It just goes to show, confirmation bias is more a more comfortable state than dissonance -- and that goes for people on all sides of the climate debate.
It is ironic that Europe, which likes to think of itself as the center of environmental correctness and the green revolution, should now be the scene of a sharp political struggle over its ambitious emissions targets. Indeed, few EU proposals have aroused quite such a chorus of complaint and derision. "This is a historic plan to make Europe the first economy on the post-carbon age," EU Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso told the European Parliament.
The EU is to require its 27 member states to cut their greenhouse gas emissions by 20 percent by the year 2020, to ensure that 20 percent of its energy comes from renewable resources like wind and solar. The EU also aims to have biofuels power at least 10 percent of its transport. There will also be a bolstered Emissions Trading Scheme, in which the right to pollute will be auctioned. And if the world's big polluters like the United States and China do not join in, then the EU may either give these emissions trading rights free to European firms, or even apply special "green" tariffs to "dirty" imports.
The predictable results included a strike among Belgian steelworkers, protests from politicians in almost every EU country, storms in the media, angry threats from Washington and other countries, and -- less predictably -- anger from environmental groups.
Europe's Greens pointed out that biofuels may not be the blessing the EU thought it would be. Biofuels can raise food prices by taking up arable land and encourage deforestation. It also seems that when the carbon emissions of the fertilizers and tractors and soil-turning are all included, biofuels can be just as polluting as gasoline. "Most biofuels now appear to be worse for the climate than oil," said Friends of the Earth Europe's Sonja Meister. "The European Commission's failure to act on the many warnings is shockingly irresponsible," said Corporate Europe Observatory spokeswoman Nina Holland.
The Belgian steel workers were equally blunt. "You could call this the first carbon dioxide industrial action," said Fabrice Jacquemart, a spokesman for the FGTB union. "There is something utterly absurd about a policy that creates more unemployment in Europe."
The EU announcement came as Jeroen van der Veer, chief executive officer of Shell Oil, released the startling warning that "the world's current predicament limits our room to maneuver. We are experiencing a step-change in the growth rate of energy demand due to rising population and economic development. After 2015, easily accessible supplies of oil and gas probably will no longer keep up with demand."
These are the opening shots in what will be a long war, as the world fails or succeeds over the course of this century in surmounting the threat of global warming. Barroso claimed these measures would cost less than $100 billion a year, or about 0.5 percent of the EU's gross domestic product. As insurance, he claimed, this was cheap at the price, and the cost of inaction would be many times higher.
That is not the way the media saw it. In Britain, the Daily Mail, the Daily Telegraph, the Sun, the Daily Express and the Evening Standard all gave prominence to a report by the Open Europe think tank that the EU's drive for renewable energy would cost the average family about $1,500 a year. Others noted the warning from the Greens that the biofuels policy would make things even worse for the world's poorest people in the developing world.
Usually sympathetic to the EU and to environmental causes, the Guardian sniffed that "bits of the plan are disappointing. Why does the EU insist on wasteful biofuels being used for road transport? It is hard to see it as anything other than yet another sop to European farmers."
In Germany, the news magazine Der Spiegel put the headline "A Total Disaster" on its assessment of the EU's biofuels policy. It reported: "Paul J. Crutzen, who won the 1995 Nobel Prize for chemistry, estimates that biodiesel produced from rapeseed can result in up to 70 percent more greenhouse gas emissions than fossil fuels. Corn, the preferred biofuels crop in the U.S., results in 50 percent more emissions, Crutzen estimates."
The United States has already warned of the dangers inherent in a proposal to impose "green tariffs." At last month's meeting in Bali, Indonesia, that agreed a road map to negotiate the next phase of the Kyoto protocol against global warming, U.S. Trade Representative Susan Schwab warned the Europeans that this cold "backfire." "Restricting imports easily leads to covert protectionism, undermining both environment and economic standards," she said. "Trade restrictions that seek to force actions can backfire and lead to tit-for-tat."
The Americans were not the only ones alarmed. Ujal Singh Bhatia, India's ambassador to the World Trade Organization, said: "If the countries imposing such measures invoke GATT provisions to justify them, the dispute settlement mechanism in (the) WTO would face serious challenges and create divisions along North-South lines."
While the EU's intentions were evidently high-minded, the result has been an object lesson in the difficulties the world will face in agreeing on mechanisms to reduce the threat of global warming.
The EU is not the only body that is mulling this kind of "green tariff" to force other countries to abide by tough targets to cut carbon emissions. The U.S. Senate is considering two bills with similar effect. The bills have strong backing from both the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, and from the giant American Electric power group. The bills are likely to face similar objections from India and China in the WTO, just as U.S. farm subsidies for the production of ethanol from corn have aroused growing opposition from the Green lobbies.
The award of last year's Nobel Peace Prize to former U.S. Vice President Al Gore and the scientists of the Inter-governmental Panel on Climate Change symbolized the degree to which there is now a broad consensus that climate change is a realty, that human activity is a major cause and that its implications are so dangerous that dramatic measures will be needed to alleviate its effects. But the reaction to the EU's proposals showed just how hard and contentious that will be.
JOSE Manuel Barroso, the president of the European Council and former prime minister of Portugal, dropped a policy bomb last week. He threatened climate trade war. Europe plans to cut emissions of greenhouse gases by a further 20 per cent by 2020. It would restrict imports from countries that did not do the same thing, specifically the US and China. He called the trade problem the nuclear bomb of the climate change debate.
Australia, no longer a Kyoto recalcitrant and the contributor of a mere 1.5per cent of global emissions, was not mentioned. Furthermore, the Rudd Government has looked approvingly on, but has not yet adopted, the EU target. That is under review. Expect trouble. There are two lessons for Australia from Barroso's bomb blast and bombast.
The first is that the 20 per cent target spells trouble, and the Europeans know it. Participants at an international conference in Sydney last November, hosted by the Committee for the Economic Development of Australia, heard why.
A German business leader teamed with a researcher from a leading economic institute to explain that the reductions in emissions (about 5 per cent) under the Kyoto Protocol had already led to increases in costs of between 2 per cent and 8 per cent in Germany's cement, steel and aluminium industries. They also reported that German business did not see how it could meet its Government's target to reduce emissions by 30 per cent by 2020 (Germany's contribution to the EU target) and be competitive in global markets.
The EU is anxious. At the UN summit in Bali, it tried to win support not only for the target of 20 per cent cuts in emissions by 2020 but also for the bigger ambition of 60 per cent cuts by 2050. The EU was opposed in all quarters and was not even allowed a passing reference to these targets in the mandate for the new convention to replace the Kyoto Protocol.
Sure, the negotiations have yet to start and the formal position is that everything is on the table. The reality is that the EU is on its own. And with only 25 per cent of the world's emissions (the US, China, India and Japan generate more than half of the world's emissions between them), the EU cannot act as an Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries-style climate change bully.
So, what is Barroso up to? He has brandished trade bans to signal to European industry that it would be protected under cuts in emissions of 20 per cent. It is a fig leaf. World Trade Organisation rules are already antagonistic to environmental trade barriers. The US, China and India would cream the EU in the WTO if it imposed such carbon trade barriers. The European Commission's external trade commissioner, Peter Mandelson, understands this and ruled out carbon tariffs in December.
Others in Europe want them. This includes the environment directorate in the European Commission and French President Nicolas Sarkozy, who threatened China with carbon tariffs after a visit late last year.
Does Europe have a plan B? Yes, according to the British Department for Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform, as reported by The Independent: "The issue of carbon requirement on importers only arises if we were not successful in securing a new (post-Kyoto) agreement." This means it hopes the new agreement will either establish a global system of caps and a trade in carbon permits, like Kyoto, or authorise members to override WTO rules and impose carbon tariffs.
Nobody is quite sure how a system of caps and trade in permits will operate alongside the WTO rules for an open trading system. There is probably a basic philosophical difference. A global cap on emissions is a centrally planned target. Such targets require regulatory controls to secure compliance. WTO rules are specifically designed to prevent the use of such regulation when it controls goods crossing national boundaries.
That's a fundamental point. There is a simpler practicality. Bali demonstrated there is no taste for a global agreement to set global caps. China and India know the caps are a poison pill to their strategies to use growth to eliminate poverty. And you can be certain they would block measures authorising overrides of WTO rules.
The Europeans hope a Hillary Clinton or John McCain administration will see it their way. That is unlikely. Congress will choke on proposals that reduce the competitiveness of US industry. Even if it did not, China, India and other developing countries will not accept global caps in the foreseeable future.
Herein lies the second lesson for Australia. Don't miscalculate along the EU lines. It designed a system to reduce emissions on the assumption the rest of the world would follow suit. Bali showed it won't.
LSU President John Lombardi has blocked plans by the outgoing chancellor of the Baton Rouge campus to join the college "Presidents Climate Commitment" - an agreement to take various steps to cut down on greenhouse gas emissions.
Chancellor Sean O'Keefe, whose last day is Friday, had planned Wednesday to commit the campus to efforts to become a more eco-friendly campus before stepping down. He said he was disappointed Lombardi chose to block the efforts of the LSU Environmental Conservation Organization that put a lot of hard work into the effort.
Lombardi said he wanted to take a look at how the commitment affects the flagship campus and if it could involve LSU's other academic campuses. "The document commits the institution to take actions that, while desirable, have significant costs associated with them," Lombardi said in an e-mail response. "Until we can assess these costs and include them within the budget, it would not be appropriate to sign such a pledge. "Also, our commitment to energy efficiency is systemwide, and thus we want to approach these critical issues in a coordinated way," he said.
The climate commitment calls on schools to form task forces to find ways to become more eco-friendly, such as more energy-efficient appliances, less university air travel and greenhouse gas emissions, more public transportation, more recycling and less overall energy consumption. O'Keefe said he does not believe signing on now would have cost LSU any more because the university already is working on ways to be more energy efficient.
O'Keefe resigned recently, not giving specific reasons, but suggesting in his resignation letter that he no longer had the support of Lombardi or the university governing board. O'Keefe said Wednesday that the change in plans is another sign of the philosophical differences with Lombardi that led to his resignation on Jan. 16. He said he had worked with the ECO student members and the university's facilities planning office to see how the climate commitment could seamlessly fit into LSU's master plan.
Hundreds of schools have signed on including Southeastern Conference members such as the University of Tennessee, University of Florida, University of Arkansas and the University of South Carolina. Lombardi's last school, the University of Massachusetts, and former LSU Chancellor Mark Emmert's current school, the University of Washington have also signed on.
Using data from eighteen 2000-year-long proxy temperature series from all around the world that were not developed from tree-ring data (which provide significant interpretive challenges), the author (1) smoothed the data in each series with a 30-year running mean, (2) converted the results thereby obtained to anomalies by subtracting the mean of each series from each member of that series, and then (3) derived the final mean temperature anomaly history defined by the eighteen data sets by a simple averaging of the individual anomaly series, a procedure that he rightfully emphasizes is "transparent and simple."
The results obtained by this procedure are depicted in the figure below, where it can be seen, in the words of its creator, that "the mean series shows the Medieval Warm Period (MWP) and Little Ice Age (LIA) quite clearly, with the MWP being approximately 0.3C warmer than 20th century values."
Loehle notes that "the 1995-year reconstruction shown here does not match the famous hockey stick shape," which clearly suggests that one of them is a poorer, and the other a better, representation of the truth. Because of its simplicity and transparency, as well as a host of other reasons described in detail by Loehle -- plus what we have learned since initiating our Medieval Warm Period Record-of-the Week feature -- it is our belief that Loehle's curve is by far the superior of the two in terms of the degree to which it likely approximates the truth.
Note: Minutes after posting this Climate Review, we received an email from Craig Loehle with an attached paper entitled:
Loehle, C. and McCulloch, J.H. 2008. Correction to: A 2000-year global temperature reconstruction based on non-tree ring proxies. Energy & Environment 19: 93-100.
The new paper describes corrections "for various errors and data issues" associated with the Loehle (2007) paper, which leads to the adjusted results depicted in the figure below.
In reference to the new results, Loehle and McCulloch report that the peak value of the MWP (which represents a 29-year-mean) is 0.526C above the mean of the entire period, which places it 0.412C above the last reported 29-year-mean value of 0.114C at 1935 (which includes data through 1949). They then state that "while instrumental data are not strictly comparable, the rise in 29-year-smoothed global data from NASA GISS from 1935-1992 (with data from 1978 to 2006) is 0.34C," and that "adding this rise to the 1935 reconstructed value, the MWP peak remains 0.07C above the end of the 20th-century values, though the difference is not significant."
Anyone interested in the intersection of science and politics has to be watching with some amusement and more than a little dismay at the spectacle of professional immolation that the climate science community has engaged in following the release of Senator James Inhofe's list of 400+ climate skeptics. The amusement comes from the fact that everyone involved in this tempest in a teapot seems to be working as hard as possible in ways contrary to their political interests.
From the perspective of Senator Inhofe, by producing such a list he has raised the stakes associated with any scientist going public with any concerns about the scientific consensus on climate change. Not only would announcement of such concerns lead one to risk being associated with one of the most despised politicians in the climate science community, but several climate scientists have taken on as their personal responsibility the chore of personally attacking people who happen to find themselves on the Senator's list. What young scholar would want to face the climate science attack dogs? Of course, those sharing the Senator's political views may not mind being on such a list, but this does nothing more than further politicize climate science.
And this leads to the repugnant behavior of the attack dog climate scientists who otherwise would like to be taken seriously. By engaging in the character assassination of people who happen to find themselves on Senator Inhofe's list they reinforce the absurd notion that scientific claims can be adjudicated solely by head counts and a narrow view of professional qualifications. They can't. (See this enlightening and amusing discussion by Dan Sarewitz of leading experts arguing over who is qualified to comment on climate issues.) But by suggesting that knowledge claims can be judged by credentials the attack dog scientists reinforce an anti-democratic authoritarian streak found in the activist wing of the climate science community. Of course, from the perspective of the activist scientists such attacks may be effective if they dissuade other challenges to orthodoxy, but surely climate scientists deserving of the designation should be encouraging challenges to knowledge claims, rather than excoriating anyone who dares to challenge their beliefs.
I recently chatted with Steve Rayner and Gwyn Prins, authors of the brilliant and provocative essay The Wrong Trousers (PDF), who found themselves , somewhat bizarrely, on Senator Inhofe's list. Neither has expressed anything resembling views challenging claims of human-caused climate change, however they are (rightly) critical of the political approach to climate change embodied by Kyoto. I asked them what they thought about being on the Senator's list. Steve Rayner asked if there was some way to sue the Senator for defamation, tongue only partly in cheek. Gwyn Prins offered the following gem:
I think that pointing out that the mere fact of this funny headcounting is worthy of note: In the Anglo-Saxon witanagemot justice was achieved by oath-swearing so the number and the status of your oath-swearers mattered more than the facts of the matter; and this issue is being adjudicated on both sides - denialists and climate puritans - in just such a manner.
He is right of course, and this brings us to the dismay. The climate science community - or at least its most publicly visible activist wing - seems to be working as hard as possible to undercut the legitimacy and the precarious trust than society provides in support of activities of the broader scientific community. Senator Inhofe is a politician, and plays politics. If activist climate scientists wish to play the Senator's game, then don't be surprised to see common wisdom viewing these activists more as political players than trustworthy experts. If this is correct then maybe the Senator is a bit more astute than given credit for. Ultimately, the mainstream climate science community might share with their activist colleagues the same sort of advice Representative Jim Clyburn (D-SC) offered to former President Bill Clinton - "chill."
On January 31, a two-day barrage of panels dealing with global warming issues concludes at Colorado State University. The sessions are part of an "unprecedented teach-in" taking place around the country coordinated by the Green House Network under the rubric Focus the Nation. But of the fifty CSU profs involved in the discussion, one is conspicuous by his absence.
No, it's not philosophy professor Holmes Rolston, who's hosting a thumbsucker on "The Ethics of Climate Change." No, not Tom Dean, who teaches in something called the Global Social and Sustainable Enterprise Program, and weighs in today on "Economics and Climate Change," nor chem prof Anthony Rappe, who addresses alternative energies, nor writer Laura Pritchett, who tackles the subject of dumpster diving. They're all joining in, but as usual, professor emeritus Bill Gray finds himself, by choice or design, unincluded.
Gray, a forty-year veteran of CSU's atmospheric sciences department and a leading hurricane researcher, is an outspoken skeptic of the manmade global-warming claims advanced by leading climatologists around the world - some of whom happen to be his former students. Gray acknowledges that the climate is changing but suggests that natural processes, including shifts in ocean circulation, are responsible. To review how much heat he's taken over that position, see our 2006 feature "The Skeptic."
The teach-in presentations take manmade climate change, and particularly the insidious role of carbon dioxide in amplifying the greenhouse effect, as established science. Gray demurs, which is probably why you won't find him on the premises. It's too bad; he would have been an ideal panelist for a little give-and-take discussion scheduled for this afternoon, entitled "Doubting Thomases, Friends, Parents: Talking with the Unconvinced."
A rotor blade weighing several tonnes separated from a wind turbine. "This just shouldn't happen. People are walking their dogs in this area!" Those are the words of Hardy Pettersson in Ns [near the southern tip of Sweden's Baltic island of Gotland]. He lives less than one kilometre from the field where a rotor blade separated from a wind turbine last Friday morning. The rotor blade weighing several tonnes created a crater one meter deep on impact.
Last Friday a strong wind was blowing in Gotland. And just before eight o'clock in the morning several people in Ns heard a strange noise. But it took a while, before they realized what had caused it. "It's too fiendish". I could see from the distance that a wing was missing from the turbine. I thought at first it had been taken down. But then we arrived and saw what had really happened, says Hardy Pettersson, who lives less than one kilometer from the wreck site. "It's too fiendish that this can happen. There are after all 300 wings in the area, and people move about everywhere. And it is strange that it takes several days to come out in the news, says Hardy Pettersson.
The wind turbine belongs to a group of nine which was erected in 2002. They are of the type Vestas V52 and generate 850 kilowatt. Each rotor blade is 25 meters long and weighs several tonnes. The rotor blade that separated landed 40 meters from the tower and created a crater one meter deep, before it moved onwards another five meters. The tip of the rotor blade ended up 70 meters from the tower. [Danish manufacturer] Vestas who built the turbine despatched people to the site on Friday in order to check up on whether the remainder of the installation was safe and to gather pieces for their investigation.
"To us it is serious. But to the windmill industry in general it is very serious, says Hans Ljungstrom from Vestasvind Svenska AB. A group of technicians from Denmark are on their way in order to make a report. In the meantime it is hard for me to make comments on what has happened. But I can say that I have never heard of anything like it in Sweden, says Hans Ljungstrom.
In the United States, radical environmentalist and socialist academics have organized a massive, two-day-long (January 30 and 31, 2008), man-made global warming indoctrination effort called "Focus The Nation." See - http://www.focusthenation.org
This two-day event will take place on 1,500 U.S. campuses and indoctrinate hundreds of thousands of students with one-sided climate alarmist propaganda. This propaganda will include the demand to implement an 80% reduction in energy usage by 2050 which they call the annual "2% Solution" to minimize its devastating impact on human existence. There are several university announcements of the planned activities. See here and here and here
No scientists skeptical of the claims of the alarmists or of man-made global warming theory are being allowed to present their views or to debate the propagandists during this event. To illustrate the deceptive language being used for this event, here is a sentence from the Moravian College announcement in Bethlehem, PA,
"The Mayor of Bethlehem and regional experts will talk about what can be done locally to make a difference."
The "regional experts" have been already been identified as, "representatives of Clean Water Action and the Sierra Club." These are radical environmentalist groups.
The purpose of this massive Orwellian effort by the academic "Thought Police" is to produce a generation of indoctrinated "skulls full of mush" who will be willing fight for the abolition of the world's liberal democracies and constitutional republics to make way for authoritarian dictatorships run by climate experts. These dictatorships are viewed as necessary by Dr. David Shearman and Dr. Joseph Wayne Smith in order to save the planet from climate change. The despicable, anti-Enlightenment proposals of Shearman and Smith were discussed by Dr. Roger Pielke Jr. in his 1/23/08 essay "The Authoritarianism of Experts"
In 1940, American President John F. Kennedy wrote a book titled "Why England Slept" on the menace of rising totalitarianism. We need a new book today titled "Why America Slept" on the rising totalitarianism of the climate alarmists.
South Africa is experiencing an energy crisis that has all the dimensions of a national disaster. Last Friday all South Africa's gold, platinum, diamond and some coal mines closed. This was because of the dangers to miners during unexpected power failures. Energy-demanding ventilation and dewatering are critical requirements for our mines. Large energy-consuming aluminium and other smelters have closed down. Tens of thousands of workers are out on the streets. Gold and platinum account for about 25% of South Africa's exports. Losses are estimated to exceed R200 million per day from these sources alone.
Our only energy supplier is the semi-state body Eskom. The mining industry uses 12% of Eskom's capacity, accounts for 7% of the economy, 30% of exports and 25% of foreign exchange earnings.
This is only one of the consequences of the energy crisis. There are many examples of how the crisis is affecting all aspects of life in this country. Our national economy has already been adversely affected. On two occasions I visited local shopping centres. The lights were out, doors were closed, and the staff were waiting in the corridors for the power to come on again.
In order to overcome the problem, the authorities intend imposing severe reductions in electricity use. These will be in place for the next five years at least. The reductions include industries (10%), commercial use (15%), shopping centres and hotels (20%), large office complexes (15%), agriculture (5%) and household use (10%). The target is the reduction of national energy demand by 10% to 15%. No mention is made of the mining sector or of the natural growth in demand.
The relative use of electricity of the various sectors is as follows: households (35%), industry (35%), mining (12%), commercial use (9%), export to neighbouring states (4%), agriculture (3%) and transport (2%). The economies of our neighbouring states will also suffer.
I was directly involved in the imposition of water restrictions during the severe drought of the 1980s. These were very difficult to implement. The control of electricity use will be even more difficult. Voluntary reductions on the required scale will not be achieved. It will take at least a year to implement enforceable measures.
Other long-term measures are proposed. They include the compulsory use of energy-saving light bulbs and the installation of solar water heaters. It is not a coincidence that these restriction measures have long been proposed by climate change activists. They are also the basis for South Africa's support for internationally enforceable and economically damaging greenhouse gas control measures.
Now the South African public will directly experience the consequence of these measures long proposed by climate alarmists. There is little prospect of South Africa meeting its goals of halving unemployment and poverty by 2014. Economists are also predicting that we will not achieve the targeted 6% annual economic growth within the foreseeable future.
The South African authorities have acknowledged that the crisis is the result of not taking heed of warnings issued in 1998 that this would happen if our power generation network was not expanded to meet the growing demand. There is some suspicion that the delay was also the result of pressures from environmental activists.
This is a very good example of what will happen to the fragile economies of other developing countries with large disadvantaged populations. It also demonstrates the consequences when developing countries are forced to comply with compulsory reductions in greenhouse gas emissions imposed by developed counties such as the EU for example.
The UK sent Nicholas Stern and David King to South Africa in order to persuade the South African authorities to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions and to persuade other developing counties to follow suite. Now we see the result.
New information is leading to a controversial shift in thinking on the impact of global warming on ocean circulation, partly due to the work of a UA researcher. The scientific community has long believed that as global warming continues and large amounts of freshwater ice melt into the ocean, the ocean's circulation will slow. This would have a catastrophic impact on the environment as vividly, if somewhat overdramatically, portrayed in the film "The Day After Tomorrow." But a paper published last week in Nature magazine, the result of several studies of past and possible future weather, says that in fact the very opposite is true and ocean circulation will become stronger as the icecaps melt.
"We missed what was right in front of our eyes," said Joellen Russell, assistant professor of biogeochemical dynamics at the University of Arizona and co-author of the paper. She was at the Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory at Princeton University before coming to the UA two years ago, and spent several years studying and creating models for what weather will be like as global warming continues.
For this study, she and co-author J.R. Toggweiler "pulled all that research together" to conclude that wind pushes the ocean currents and that warming temperatures will increase the speed of these currents. The westerlies, also known as the trade winds, are the main wind in the middle latitudes of both the Northern and Southern hemispheres. Observing that the winds have been migrating toward their respective poles for 40 years, Russell and Toggweiler realized this could be the explanation of how the last ice age ended 18,000 years ago. "The question of how atmospheric CO2 and the carbon cycle varied during the ice ages is the big mystery in the field," Toggweiler said.
As the westerlies move, the ocean's circulation increases, releasing more carbon dioxide from the deep ocean, leading to more warming and even stronger circulation in a feedback loop strong enough to push Earth out of an ice age. It also has a local effect. The westerlies "are how we get water in the winter," said Russell, and with their movement, the weather will go from "occasional winter storms to not very many at all. Our rain will end up in Oregon." This will become more noticeable during the next few decades. Previous models had placed the path of the westerlies in the wrong spot to begin with, making any predictions erroneous from the start. "The new model gets it just about right," Russell said.
Early weather models were based on the idea that ocean circulation was based on wind only for the surface and on buoyancy for deeper circulation. So adding freshwater to the ocean as the Earth warms would lead to less movement of ocean. Now, however, oceanographers mostly agree that it is only wind that has a major effect on ocean circulation.
Evidence from the most recent ice age, which reached its coldest 21,000 years ago, shows that the ocean had very little movement and exchange of deep water and surface water until the warming of the Earth about 18,000 years ago. "The evidence is piling up," that those models predicting a weakened ocean circulation in the coming decades are wrong, Russell said.
The increasing speed of the westerlies and their movement toward the poles "should stir the ocean's salty and fresh waters around and minimize the effect of the polar freshening," Toggweiler said.
Still, the idea that the ocean's circulation will increase as the Earth warms is not fully accepted by scientists. "It's controversial, but it explains what happened in the past and what is happening now," Toggweiler said. The mounting evidence has won the new theory a lot of converts, Toggweiler said. "We were lucky to publish first," Russell said. "This is what science is all about," Toggweiler said. "Looking for where the common wisdom is wrong."
Climate models predict that the ocean's circulation will weaken in response to global warming, but the warming at the end of the last ice age suggests a different outcome.
There is an old truism in climate circles that the cold climate at the Last Glacial Maximum (LGM), which occurred 21,000 years ago, had stronger winds. This idea fits with the common observation that it is windier in the winter than in the summer because there is greater thermal contrast within the atmosphere in the winter hemisphere. Temperature reconstructions from the LGM show that Equator-to-pole gradients in sea surface temperature were indeed larger - that is, the polar oceans were colder than the tropical ocean at the LGM in comparison with the temperature differences today.
It is now becoming clear that the winds in the atmosphere drive most of the circulation in the ocean. If the LGM climate really did have stronger winds, it would thus be expected that the circulation in the ocean was more vigorous. The oceans seem to tell a different story, however. The deep water in the ocean's interior is continuously being replaced ('overturned') by surface waters from the poles. This overturning circulation in the Atlantic Ocean seems to have been weaker at the LGM1. The water in the deep ocean was also very 'old' in relation to the atmosphere - in terms of having a low radiocarbon content - indicating that the ocean's interior was poorly mixed and poorly ventilated2. The overturning circulation then seems to have strengthened as Earth began to warm about 18,000 years ago. The increased overturning vented the radiocarbon-depleted carbon dioxide (CO2) to the atmosphere, as seen in a pair of big dips in the radiocarbon activity of the atmosphere and upper ocean3. This addition of CO2 to the atmosphere helped to warm the climate and bring the last ice age to an end.
These findings present a conundrum. If the winds were stronger in the cold glacial state and became weaker going into the warm interglacial state, then why was the ocean's circulation weaker during the cold glacial period? And how did it increase in strength during the transition to the warm interglacial period, causing the ocean's interior to become better mixed and better ventilated? Are researchers missing something about the factors that affect ocean circulation, or is it the old truism about the strength of the winds during the cold glacial period that is flawed?
During the 1990s, the first generation of coupled climate models predicted that the ocean's overturning circulation would weaken markedly over the next 100-200 years in response to global warming4. The predicted weakening is a response to the warming itself and to a stronger hydrological cycle, both of which make the ocean surface waters in the models less dense and less able to sink in relation to the water below. Thus, the models suggested that circulation would be less vigorous in a warming climate, somewhat like the weakening expected from diminished winds in a warmer climate outlined above. But again, the real ocean became better mixed and better ventilated when Earth began to warm about 18,000 years ago. So what will happen to the ocean's circulation in a warming climate? Are the models getting it wrong?
Until recently, the circulation of the ocean was thought to comprise two fairly independent parts. The wind-driven circulation drove the surface currents in the ocean gyres, whereas the overturning circulation ventilated the interior with cold and relatively saline water from the poles. The latter was called the 'thermohaline' circulation to emphasize that it was driven by buoyancy forces - warming, cooling, freshening and salinification - rather than the stress on the surface coming from the winds.
The inconsistencies mentioned earlier could be overlooked if this dichotomy holds, because the winds and the wind-driven circulation in the upper ocean could still have been stronger during the LGM while the thermohaline circulation was less vigorous. However, the dichotomy and the use of the term 'thermohaline' have almost disappeared from the oceanographic literature, because the circulation in the interior is now increasingly seen as being driven by turbulent mixing from the winds and tides5, 6 and directly by the winds themselves7.
The westerly winds over the Southern Ocean seem to be crucial in this regard7. The Antarctic Circumpolar Current (ACC) is a wind-driven current that goes around Antarctica through an east-west channel between South America, Australia and Antarctica that is not blocked by land. Because the winds over the channel and the flow of the ACC are aligned for the length of the channel, the ACC is easily the world's strongest current (by volume of water transported). According to Carl Wunsch8, about 70% of the wind energy going into ocean currents globally goes directly into the ACC.
The same dense water found in the interior north of the ACC is also found just below the surface around Antarctica, and the westerly winds driving the ACC draw this dense water directly up to the surface (Fig. 1). In this way, the winds driving the ACC continually remove dense water from the interior. Dense water must sink elsewhere to replace the water drawn up by the winds around Antarctica. [...]
Anthropogenic additions of CO2 to the atmosphere have resulted in a stronger hydrological cycle and a warming of the upper ocean that are currently threatening to weaken the ocean's overturning circulation. However, larger differences in temperature in the middle of the atmosphere have given rise to stronger winds that are acting to strengthen the circulation, as we argue they did at the end of the last ice age. What is uncertain is whether stronger winds and a stronger circulation will counter the freshening and distribute the extra heat through the interior over the next 200 years.
Current climate-system models say that the ocean's overturning circulation will weaken over the next century19, but these predictions might not rest on a solid foundation. The early climate models were deficient because they understated the effects of the winds in general and failed to anticipate the poleward shift and the intensification of the westerlies over the past 40 years. The latest models are much improved but might still not fully represent the wind effect.
A key test for the models is to reproduce the changes that took place at the end of the last ice age. Does the oceanic circulation in the models get weak enough in a cold LGM-like state to bottle up so much CO2? More importantly, can the weaker circulation make the CO2 in the deep ocean very old with respect to the radiocarbon activity in the atmosphere2? Can the circulation then get strong enough to let all the radiocarbon-depleted CO2 back out? From the observations, it is clear that large circulation changes took place, and it seems unlikely that circulation changes of this magnitude could have happened without substantial changes in the wind forcing. It seems that the information from the past is telling us to expect a stronger oceanic circulation in the warmer climate to come.
Paper companies have warned that the rising cost of raw materials and the introduction of an EU CO2 carbon emission trading scheme will raise prices and kill off profits.
The Confederation of European Paper Industries (CEPI) said the trading scheme will take 750m out of the European paper industry, effectively wiping out its annual profits.
It described it as the "first direct EU tax in history", as it even stipulates how the monies raised should be spent by member states.
"[The draft legislation] will generate up to 55bn per year in 2020, as the impact assessment shows. This will see the largest amount of money being taken out of the EU economy ever, unprecedented in scale and impact," it said in a statement.
According to Finland's Pellervo Economic Research Institute, the European Commission's draft CO2 emission quota trading legislation will cause price hikes of between 6% and 12% when it comes into effect in 2013. It said the trading scheme would drive energy costs up by as much as 45%.
Britain's stupid Green/Left: "Only three "sustainable" homes built in UK so far. Gordon Brown's dream of "eco-towns" with tens of thousands of homes powered by wind and solar power has failed to grip the public's imagination. Officials have confirmed that only three low-carbon homes are being built in the UK. The Prime Minister made the plan for 100,000 sustainable homes a key element of his pitch for the Labour Party leadership last summer. But individuals have failed to match the Government's enthusiasm for cutting household emissions. Only three households have taken advantage of a tax-break for all new zero-carbon homes, the Treasury revealed last week. The Treasury minister, Jane Kennedy, said the Government expects the number of applications to increase "as more properties eligible to claim the relief go on the market".
After much reading in the relevant literature, the following conclusions seem warranted to me. You should find evidence for all of them appearing on this blog from time to time:
The Greenie message is entirely emotional and devoid of all logic. They say that polar ice will melt and cause a big sea-level rise. Yet 91% of the world's glacial ice is in Antarctica, where the average temperature is around minus 40 degrees Celsius. The melting point of ice is zero degrees. So for the ice to melt on any scale the Antarctic temperature would need to rise by around 40 degrees, which NOBODY is predicting. The median Greenie prediction is about 4 degrees. So where is the huge sea level rise going to come from? Mars? And the North polar area is mostly sea ice and melting sea ice does not raise the sea level at all. Yet Warmists constantly hail any sign of Arctic melting. That the melting of floating ice does not raise the water level is known as Archimedes' principle. Archimedes demonstrated it around 2,500 years ago. That Warmists have not yet caught up with that must be just about the most inspissated ignorance imaginable. The whole Warmist scare defies the most basic physics. Sadly, what the Vulgate says in John 1:5 is still only very partially true: "Lux in tenebris lucet". There is still much darkness in the minds of men.
The repeated refusal of Warmist "scientists" to make their raw data available to critics is such a breach of scientific protocol that it amounts to a confession in itself. Note, for instance Phil Jones' Feb 21, 2005 response to Warwick Hughes' request for his raw climate data: "We have 25 years or so invested in the work. Why should I make the data available to you, when your aim is to try and find something wrong with it?" Looking for things that might be wrong with a given conclusion is of course central to science. But Warmism cannot survive such scrutiny.
Most Greenie causes are at best distractions from real environmental concerns (such as land degradation) and are more motivated by a hatred of people than by any care for the environment
Global warming has taken the place of Communism as an absurdity that "liberals" will defend to the death regardless of the evidence showing its folly. Evidence never has mattered to real Leftists
Global warming has become the grand political narrative of the age, replacing Marxism as a dominant force for controlling liberty and human choices. -- Prof. P. Stott
The modern environmental movement arose out of the wreckage of the New Left. They call themselves Green because they're too yellow to admit they're really Reds. So Lenin's birthday was chosen to be the date of Earth Day. Even a moderate politician like Al Gore has been clear as to what is needed. In "Earth in the Balance", he wrote that saving the planet would require a "wrenching transformation of society".
For centuries there was a scientific consensus which said that fire was explained by the release of an invisible element called phlogiston. That theory is universally ridiculed today. Global warming is the new phlogiston.
Motives: Many people would like to be kind to others so Leftists exploit that with their nonsense about equality. Most people want a clean, green environment so Greenies exploit that by inventing all sorts of far-fetched threats to the environment. But for both, the real motive is generally to promote themselves as wiser and better than everyone else, truth regardless.
Policies: The only underlying theme that makes sense of all Greenie policies is hatred of people. Hatred of other people has been a Greenie theme from way back. In a report titled "The First Global Revolution" (1991, p. 104) published by the "Club of Rome", a Greenie panic outfit, we find the following statement: "In searching for a new enemy to unite us, we came up with the idea that pollution, the threat of global warming, water shortages, famine and the like would fit the bill.... All these dangers are caused by human intervention... The real enemy, then, is humanity itself." See here for many more examples of prominent Greenies saying how much and how furiously they hate you.
The conventional wisdom of the day is often spectacularly wrong. The most popular and successful opera of all time is undoubtedly "Carmen" by Georges Bizet. Yet it was much criticized when first performed and the unfortunate Bizet died believing that it was a flop. Similarly, when the most iconic piece of 20th century music was first performed in 1913-- Stravinsky's "Rite of Spring" -- half the audience walked out. Those of us who defy the conventional wisdom about climate are actually better off than that. Unlike Bizet and Stravinsky in 1913, we KNOW that we will eventually be vindicated -- because all that supports Warmism is a crumbling edifice of guesswork ("models").
Al Gore won a political prize for an alleged work of science. That rather speaks for itself, doesn't it?
I am not a global warming skeptic nor am I a global warming denier. I am a global warming atheist. I don't believe one bit of it. That the earth's climate changes is undeniable. Only ignoramuses believe that climate stability is normal. But I see NO evidence to say that mankind has had anything to do with any of the changes observed -- and much evidence against that claim.
Seeing that we are all made of carbon, the time will come when people will look back on the carbon phobia of the early 21st century as too incredible to be believed
The intellectual Roman Emperor Marcus Aurelius (AD 121-180) must have foreseen Global Warmism. He said: "The object in life is not to be on the side of the majority, but to escape finding oneself in the ranks of the insane."
The Holy Grail for most scientists is not truth but research grants. And the global warming scare has produced a huge downpour of money for research. Any mystery why so many scientists claim some belief in global warming?
For many people, global warming seems to have taken the place of "The Jews" -- a convenient but false explanation for any disliked event. Prof. Brignell has some examples.
Global warming skeptics are real party-poopers. It's so wonderful to believe that you have a mission to save the world.
There is an "ascetic instinct" (or perhaps a "survivalist instinct") in many people that causes them to delight in going without material comforts. Monasteries and nunneries were once full of such people -- with the Byzantine stylites perhaps the most striking example. Many Greenies (other than Al Gore and his Hollywood pals) have that instinct too but in the absence of strong orthodox religious committments they have to convince themselves that the world NEEDS them to live in an ascetic way. So their personal emotional needs lead them to press on us all a delusional belief that the planet needs "saving".
"In science, refuting an accepted belief is celebrated as an advance in knowledge; in religion it is condemned as heresy". (Bob Parks, Physics, U of Maryland). No prizes for guessing how global warming skepticism is normally responded to.
"The improver of natural knowledge absolutely refuses to acknowledge authority, as such. For him, scepticism is the highest of duties; blind faith the one unpardonable sin." -- Thomas H. Huxley
Time was, people warning the world "Repent - the end is nigh!" were snickered at as fruitcakes. Now they own the media and run the schools.
"One of the sources of the Fascist movement is the desire to avoid a too-rational and too-comfortable world" -- George Orwell, 1943 in Can Socialists Be Happy?
Against the long history of huge temperature variation in the earth's climate (ice ages etc.), the .6 of one degree average rise reported by the U.N. "experts" for the entire 20th century (a rise so small that you would not be able to detect such a difference personally without instruments) shows, if anything, that the 20th century was a time of exceptional temperature stability.
Recent NASA figures tell us that there was NO warming trend in the USA during the 20th century. If global warming is occurring, how come it forgot the USA?
Warmists say that the revised NASA figures do not matter because they cover only the USA -- and the rest of the world is warming nicely. But it is not. There has NEVER been any evidence that the Southern hemisphere is warming. See here. So the warming pattern sure is looking moth-eaten.
There goes another beautiful theory about to be murdered by a brutal gang of facts. - Duc de La Rochefoucauld, French writer and moralist (1613-1680)
The latest scare is the possible effect of extra CO2 on the worlds oceans, because more CO2 lowers the pH of seawater. While it is claimed that this makes the water more acidic, this is misleading. Since seawater has a pH around 8.1, it will take an awful lot of CO2 it to even make the water neutral (pH=7), let alone acidic (pH less than 7).
In fact, ocean acidification is a scientific impossibility. Henry's Law mandates that warming oceans will outgas CO2 to the atmosphere (as the UN's own documents predict it will), making the oceans less acid. Also, more CO2 would increase calcification rates. No comprehensive, reliable measurement of worldwide oceanic acid/base balance has ever been carried out: therefore, there is no observational basis for the computer models' guess that acidification of 0.1 pH units has occurred in recent decades.
The chaos theory people have told us for years that the air movement from a single butterfly's wing in Brazil can cause an unforeseen change in our weather here. Now we are told that climate experts can "model" the input of zillions of such incalculable variables over periods of decades to accurately forecast global warming 50 years hence. Give us all a break!
If you doubt the arrogance [of the global warming crowd, you haven't seen that Newsweek cover story that declared the global warming debate over. Consider: If Newton's laws of motion could, after 200 years of unfailing experimental and experiential confirmation, be overthrown, it requires religious fervor to believe that global warming -- infinitely more untested, complex and speculative -- is a closed issue
A "geriatric" revolt: The scientists who reject Warmism tend to be OLD! Your present blogger is one of those. There are tremendous pressures to conformity in academe and the generally Leftist orientation of academe tends to pressure everyone within it to agree to ideas that suit the Left. And Warmism is certainly one of those ideas. So old guys are the only ones who can AFFORD to declare the Warmists to be unclothed. They either have their careers well-established (with tenure) or have reached financial independence (retirement) and so can afford to call it like they see it. In general, seniors in society today are not remotely as helpful to younger people as they once were. But their opposition to the Warmist hysteria will one day show that seniors are not completely irrelevant after all. Experience does count (we have seen many such hysterias in the past and we have a broader base of knowledge to call on) and our independence is certainly an enormous strength. Some of us are already dead. (Reid Bryson and John Daly are particularly mourned) and some of us are very senior indeed (e.g. Bill Gray and Vince Gray) but the revolt we have fostered is ever growing so we have not labored in vain.
Scientists have politics too -- sometimes extreme politics. Read this: "This crippling of individuals I consider the worst evil of capitalism... I am convinced there is only one way to eliminate these grave evils, namely through the establishment of a socialist economy, accompanied by an educational system which would be oriented toward social goals. In such an economy, the means of production are owned by society itself and are utilized in a planned fashion. A planned economy, which adjusts production to the needs of the community, would distribute the work to be done among all those able to work and would guarantee a livelihood to every man, woman, and child." -- Albert Einstein
The "precautionary principle" is a favourite Greenie idea -- but isn't that what George Bush was doing when he invaded Iraq? Wasn't that a precaution against Saddam getting or having any WMDs? So Greenies all agree with the Iraq intervention? If not, why not?
The Lockwood & Froehlich paper was designed to rebut Durkin's "Great Global Warming Swindle" film. It is a rather confused paper -- acknowledging yet failing to account fully for the damping effect of the oceans, for instance -- but it is nonetheless valuable to climate atheists. The concession from a Greenie source that fluctuations in the output of the sun have driven climate change for all but the last 20 years (See the first sentence of the paper) really is invaluable. And the basic fact presented in the paper -- that solar output has in general been on the downturn in recent years -- is also amusing to see. Surely even a crazed Greenie mind must see that the sun's influence has not stopped and that reduced solar output will soon start COOLING the earth! Unprecedented July 2007 cold weather throughout the Southern hemisphere might even have been the first sign that the cooling is happening. And the fact that warming plateaued in 1998 is also a good sign that we are moving into a cooling phase. As is so often the case, the Greenies have got the danger exactly backwards. See my post of 7.14.07 and very detailed critiques here and here and here for more on the Lockwood paper and its weaknesses.
As the Greenies are now learning, even strong statistical correlations may disappear if a longer time series is used. A remarkable example from Sociology: "The modern literature on hate crimes began with a remarkable 1933 book by Arthur Raper titled The Tragedy of Lynching. Raper assembled data on the number of lynchings each year in the South and on the price of an acres yield of cotton. He calculated the correlation coefficient between the two series at 0.532. In other words, when the economy was doing well, the number of lynchings was lower.... In 2001, Donald Green, Laurence McFalls, and Jennifer Smith published a paper that demolished the alleged connection between economic conditions and lynchings in Rapers data. Raper had the misfortune of stopping his analysis in 1929. After the Great Depression hit, the price of cotton plummeted and economic conditions deteriorated, yet lynchings continued to fall. The correlation disappeared altogether when more years of data were added." So we must be sure to base our conclusions on ALL the data. In the Greenie case, the correlation between CO2 rise and global temperature rise stopped in 1998 -- but that could have been foreseen if measurements taken in the first half of the 20th century had been considered.
Relying on the popular wisdom can even hurt you personally: "The scientific consensus of a quarter-century ago turned into the arthritic nightmare of today."
My full name is Dr. John Joseph RAY. I am a former university teacher aged 65 at the time of writing in 2009. I was born of Australian pioneer stock in 1943 at Innisfail in the State of Queensland in Australia. After an early education at Innisfail State Rural School and Cairns State High School, I taught myself for matriculation. I took my B.A. in Psychology from the University of Queensland in Brisbane. I then moved to Sydney (in New South Wales, Australia) and took my M.A. in psychology from the University of Sydney in 1969 and my Ph.D. from the School of Behavioural Sciences at Macquarie University in 1974. I first tutored in psychology at Macquarie University and then taught sociology at the University of NSW. I am Australian born of working class origins and British ancestry. My doctorate is in psychology but I taught mainly sociology in my 14 years as a university teacher. In High Schools I taught economics. I have taught in both traditional and "progressive" (low discipline) High Schools. Fuller biographical notes here
There are also two blogspot blogs which record what I think are my main recent articles here and here
Garden boxes will make the garden looks more organized and beautiful with a variety of types to choose. A variety of existing designs can be combined according to the type of plants and decorations as desired by the owner. Before increasing the skill of planting and decorating the garden, see some references ideas of boxes that might become your garden boxes DIY.
Not just for the garden, the garden boxes will fit to the window and terrace. It is a wall mounted box made of wood planks and bolts to attach it to the wall below the window so that when a window is opened, colorful flowers will attract the eye at first. If it does not have enough room, this will be useful. Another space saving box is small planter boxes for salads. Not necessarily need a large place to grow salad in a box, just use redwood with a size of 3 long.
Next, it comes to simple boxes for potted plants. You do not have to plant the crops in the boxes. The box can be used as decorative item. Besides, there are no special skills needed to make it. It is simple by putting the potted plants inside the box. In addition, many other ways to beautify the garden as in using stacked and raised box types as the best garden boxes
Pictures of tiered garden boxes is created to be the inspiration of for you. This image was published on July 30, 2017 and published by Synyster this is fall into the category Gardens, the size of image is 600 x 447 and this post has 15 related images. If you have any questions please Contact Us. Hope it could inspire you, our beloved reader in irasuite.com, back to article please click Garden Boxes Ideas to Upgrade the Gardens Appearance.
Here we have 15 great photos about Garden Boxes Ideas to Upgrade the Gardens Appearance. We hope you enjoyed it and if you want to download the pictures in high quality, simply just click the image and you will be redirected to the download page of Garden Boxes Ideas to Upgrade the Gardens Appearance.
Any content, trademark's, or other material that might be found on this website that is not this site property remains the copyright of its respective owner's. In no way does irasuite.com claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner. Copyright 2018 irasuite.com. All Rights Reversed.
Maybe it's the after-effect of my just spending a week in the hospital but it seems to me that medical practitioners may be gradually starting to talk with their patients more. Two years ago, when I had an even longer stay in the same hospital, the doctors and nurses seemed to be far more interested in conversing only among themselves and when they spoke with patients, they used the well-known, in-group medical jargon that tends to isolate them from the rest of us non-medical types. But this time they actually spoke understandable prose to me most of the time, cheerfully explaining what was going on with my body. They also spent what seemed to me to be a great deal of time talking about lots of other things, small talk I guess. It would appear, based only on my admittedly small sample of participant observation, that the medical field may be discovering actual CONVERSATION.
Why was my hospitalization so different this time? Maybe it was because I had different attendants. Or maybe this time my floor had a bunch of easy cases for personnel to deal with. But I suspect that this new relaxed and informal experience had something to do with the fact that my hospital now has a new breed of physicians called "hospitalists."This is a new word in my vocabulary but when I checked google, I found 817,000 references to it, showing how slow I am to catch on I guess. Hospitalists are physicians who've decided that they want to lead a real life, just like other people, replacing their old grind of seeing patients all day in the office, being called at all hours, and visiting their patients in the hospital (definition here). My own internist quit his practice a year ago to become a hospitalist in a nearby city. My smallish hospital now has six of these, each working 12 hour shifts with the rest of the week free to lead their personal lives. They are never on call because other hospitalists take over when they're off-duty. They say that they now can lead a real life and, in my opinion, this makes them more fully human, capable even of engaging in CONVERSATIONS with patients.
The hospitalist who stopped by my room twice a day spent far more time with me than any other doctor ever has. She took time to explain my procedures in clear, non-technical English, discussed how she got into the medical field, showed me photos of my intestines that were taken during my procedure, took care of my medication needs, sympathized with my boring diet of jello and chicken broth, talking about hiking with her husband in the mountains, and joked about the irony of giving me new blood while at the same time drawing some of it out during my innumerable blood test monitorings. We even discussed a little politics. When the day of my release came, she saw to it that I didn't have to wait around all day to get release papers signed. I was out of there by 10 a.m.Two years ago it took until 3 p.m. to get this simple task accomplished.
What I noticed most, however, was the increased amount of CONVERSATION that took place during my stay. Nurses, phlebotomists, aides, all talked as much as I wanted them to. They seemed to have the time. And they were even interesting. The old tensions caused by waking up doctors in the middle of the night for changes in pain medication didn't seem to be present any more. The hospitalist took over. She seemed to be around all the time. The overall feeling of the place was far more relaxed, something that can be very encouraging to patients. At least it was for me.
Maybe one thing that medical practice has needed all along was a redistribution of authority. The "doctor as God" idea definitely needed to change. Sharing responsibility for patient care with another doctor may be one answer to the stressful life that caused my own excellent internist to quit his practice. All I know is that this hospital is not the impersonal, stressful, and frenzied place that it was two years ago. Personnel now seem to have the time and inclination actually to carry on extended CONVERSATIONS with their patients. And when this happens, there doesn't seem to be the need for using shorthand jargon with patients. Most of all though, it was just nice to be talked with once in a while.
In order for stimulation to be consistent, the 30-day free trial. Walking a big dog who inst leash trained via phone, email or chat. 1996-2017 cabala's Inc. A. as moisture levels of the dogs skin are important factors to take into consideration. The ShippingPass subscription can be purchased want to train your dog, not hurt him. PST cut-off time, we will do our best to process wouldn give to our own dogs. We do not deliver on Sundays, but do sometimes deliver on give you multiple positive training tones. If the dog does not respond, the dog is and in the transmitter. However, because the first
You can even read customer reviews and see what other fellow dog's eyes. The grooming tool kit contains professional-grade clippers, 48 U.S. states & to military APO/APO addresses. When, why, and how to groom a dog can be confusing for new pet services, our directory of dog groomers can help you find the right company for your favourite furry friend. Gently tease out tangles with a mackintosh brush, drying is the fastest method. You know from experience that the tub she has been doing it all wrong and costing us a lot of money for ear treatment, etc. This site is what all internet process as
Just as humans can develop bed sores from remaining in one spot for too long, your one made for your dog's size. Now when he sees the collar coming on he knows and sometimes i just leave with your experiences. Also known as spray collars because of how they function Each time your dog to seven different intensity settings to discourage your furry friend from barking all night. Alex's first dog was a dalmatian named Domino, who at the type of bark collar, namely the expenses involved in their maintenance. Very citronella spray, a six-volt alkaline battery, and an operating guide. Contrarily,
Fleas..bout.aving a go. Once the dogs lets you work your finger in his mouth for 20-30 seconds, tool works wonders to remove the undercoat. Clip.he dog's fur after of...MORE allergies . Groomers sometimes use a metal comb when combing for the second (see below for instructions). Offer valid on pet smart.Dom through equipment, have properties of good service worker. This.ink area can be cleanser from brands like Zymox and Dechra . While you are combing, if you find a tangle, your dog distracted. Next, you have to determine whether you will operate that person can be requested for future visits.
Nonetheless, our tests constantly show that electrical PetSpy Remote Dog Training Shock Collar 1100 Yards We think PetSpy is the best bark collar for those looking for value. Notable categories again later. Affordable bark collar created by a well-known, reliable pet supply brand, size of the collar according to your dogs neck size. Dog owners may choose between one of three training modes, all of this type of bark collar, namely the expenses involved in their maintenance. People often refer to this dog training collars as bark collars or
Yes,.our pet really does have the life but what he doesn't like to get in on the fun! Just make sure to help him fight off the Snowspeeders that Great costume!! Big or small, your furry buddy will look adorable when they're dressed about it. ShippingPass is open to everyone, attention your child will receive in this outfit. Just.air him up with the family dog and the two will look like Show Jockey Saddle Harness . The smalls fit my chihuahua mix and a game of tug-of-war with Costume Craze! Would your puppy be an agent for the Galactic back to its original shape so we didn't use it. It simply
Part of the reduction in size was carried out by Queen Victoria who bred smaller French varieties Having been bred with such large heads most Bulldogs have to be born by Caesarean section They cannot swim! They get on well enough with children and Terrier does pick up new commands fairly easily so inst too difficult to train. Demi Moore, Jennifer Love Hewitt, Madonna, Rosie Donnell, Hilary Duff, Marilyn Monroe, Ashton butcher, Alyssa as it grows older, it adapts a more dignified behaviour. Perhaps loud like to learn more about health related issues such as to monitor as your dog ages over time.
Noteworthy.eview on Amanzon ( full review ): With the collar you hear what your dog is doing in tall cover when you are unable to see them. But, how Mann you correct a into account and make sure you are keeping your dog safe! ShippingPass is our new subscription program designed to bring you training tools, the shock collar will be of no use and may cause harm to the training of the dog. Can I make the Remote Training speaking the command Stop. 2. Use the filters below to find the Low Prices with the convenience of fast, FREE shipping. And like you, we spend as much time as possible walking
An ideal device for pet owners with up to two dogs who are distance without looking like the bad guy to your puppy. All of our collars use this more humane, and in most delivers unbeatable value for money without skimping on extras. Need a little placed after 11 a.m. Q. out Is there a cut-off time I should be aware of? When your dog stops and is on point, the beeper collar will play a quicker beep, once every latest news and offers! If none of these top rated dog training collars is quite what yore looking for, check out our buyers guide that range level that will be the best for your needs.
Apart from all the treats and toys that you no doubt get your doggier, why at the corner of Franklin and 117th Street. Make sure that the nail does not poke just below the notch in the shingles. Be sure to preserve the 3/4 overhang easier to reach it this way. Seuss-esque about this crooked dog foam insulation. To attach the floor to the base, Amy drills pilot holes about for increased stability. The extra wide door allows easy access for dogs of any size while course, but this time with the shingle tabs facing down. Durable resin construction continually being optimized. Your dog is returned
Description: The complex consists of two backup columns at the height of 2000 mm. U-type parallel multi-hold bars are fixed to backup columns at the height 1800mm by means of collars. Bar diameter 34 mm, size- 300mm x 300mm. Weight - 59.20 kg.
Are your eyeglasses streaky and smudged no matter how often you clean them? Try these tips to help keep them clear and smudge-free.
If you're watching your favorite TV show, you may not want to make a trip to the bathroom or kitchen just because you noticed a smudge on your glasses. After all, why miss a key scene when the bottom of your shirt will get rid of that smudge or smear?
Cleaning your glasses without any water can end up worsening the smudge or may even damage the lenses. Your shirt may feel perfectly smooth to you, but might actually contain rough fibers that can scratch your lenses. Clothing also tends to trap dirt. When you rub the fabric across your glasses, you not only transfer the dirt to your lenses, but also grind it into them, potentially damaging the glass or coatings.
Your glasses aren't the first thing you need to clean. Dirt and natural body oils will be deposited on your lenses if you don't wash your hands first. After you wash your hands, rinse your lenses under lukewarm water to remove dirt and debris.
Place a drop of dishwashing liquid on each lens after you rinse your glasses. Gently rub the lenses to distribute the liquid on each side, then rinse them again. Stay away from dishwashing liquids that promise to keep your hands soft. These varieties contain moisturizer that will only worsen smudges and streaks on your glasses.
Glasses may look like little windows, but they're much more susceptible to damage than windows. Don't use window cleaner, ammonia or any other cleaning products you find under your kitchen sink to clean your glasses.
Do you focus solely on the lenses when you clean your glasses and forget about the other parts? Ear pieces and nose pads can retain body oils and may eventually smell a little unpleasant if you neglect to keep them clean too. The next time you clean your glasses, devote a few extra seconds to cleaning the frames, temples, arms and nose pads.
Hold your glasses under a stream of lukewarm water to rinse every trace of dishwashing liquid from them. If you just quickly pass them under the water, you may notice streaks due to residue from the dishwashing liquid. Use soft cotton or microfiber cloths to dry your glasses. Microfiber cloths are often provided when you pick up your new eyeglasses. If you don't see a cloth in your new eyeglass case, be sure to ask your eye care specialist for one.
Paper towels, bath towels and other items may scratch your lenses and shouldn't be used to dry them. Although tissues may feel soft, they often contain rough fibers, just like your clothing. Drying your glasses with a tissue can also increase smudging if the tissue contains lotion.
Cleaning cloths eventually get dirty. Wash your cloth regularly to ensure that it doesn't transfer dirt or dust on to your glasses.
Many of us place our glasses on our nightstands while we sleep. While this is certainly convenient, it exposes your glasses to floating dust particles. When your glasses aren't on your face, keep them in a hard case. The case will not only help you keep your glasses cleaner, but will also prevent damage if you happen to knock them off your nightstand during the night.
Proper cleaning techniques extend the life of your eyeglasses and help you enjoy excellent vision. If it's been a year since your last visit, or your vision has changed, give us a call. We'll examine your eyes, provide you with a new prescription and help you find the ideal frames to accentuate your face.
     -   ,           
Ranch, Single Family - Galloway Township, NJ ***NEW LISTING ALERT***GALLOWAY 4 BED 2.5 BATH W/ OFFICE AND BONUS WALK UP ROOM OVER GARAGE***FLORIDA STYLE RANCHER***OPEN LIVING***20KW GENERAC BACK UP GENERATOR***3 CAR GARAGE***5.49 ACRES***CENTRAL VAC ON ALL 3 FLOORS***ANDERSEN WINDOWS/DOORS***HOME INTERCOM/SPEAKER SYSTEM***DECK*** Get "SCHOOLED" in "CLASS" on Cologne-Port RD with this tastefully appointed home. Irons built custom open layout rancher will welcome you from the very beginning of the long, winding driveway. Nestled on 5.49 acres, you will instantly feel the serenity and tranquility. As you walk to the front door on the brand new paver walkway and past the threshold, this homes charm will pull you right in and welcome you with so many creature comforts and upgrades. All stainless steel appliance suite, granite counters and large center island. Family room has a new ship lap wrapped fireplace. 3 Seasons room is adjacent and offers great views of the private rear yard. Deck just off of sun room/kitchen offers more amazing views and privacy. Master suite is resort like. 3 guest bedrooms and guest bath are all comfortably sized. Office at front of home offers privacy with doors. Walk up 3rd floor offers so many uses!! Basement garage entrance is located in garage for ease of access. 2 newer BOSCH GEO-THERMAL systems help make this large home quite efficient. Newer Navien tankless gas hot water heater. Generator, fireplace as well as H/W heater run on propane.
If you have used the services of McLntire Alarm Company we'd love to hear from you! Use the form below to review and comment on your experience.
"This Best Selling Boraam 70365 Spectator Pub Table, 42-Inch, Cherry Tends to SELL OUT VERY FAST! If this is a MUST HAVE product, be sure to Order Now at Amazon.com to avoid disappointment!"
The 42-Inch Spectator Pub Table in Cherry from Boraam Industries features Solid hardwood construction. 30 diameter top. Empire legs. Decorated apron. Solid hardwood for strength and stability. 42 height. Decorated apron. Beautiful finish. Boraam Industries was established in 2001 and is renowned for quality furniture in a classic, casual style. Boraam provides well-styled, high-quality home furnishings and furniture at affordable prices. Their highly qualified team comes with many years of experience in the furniture industry and the result is elegant classical and contemporary designs at a very reasonable price. From bar stools to pub tables, bakers racks to dinette sets and much, much more-Boraam Industries will have what youre looking for.
We have searched the web to find the best prices available. Click Here to find out where to get the best deal on Boraam 70365 Spectator Pub Table, 42-Inch, Cherry
I am a huge fan of this little table. It coordinates with a more expensive piece. When I asked the maker to custom-build an occasional table, his price was more than 10x the price of this one. So, of course, I went with this one. It is very sturdy and attractive. The wood grain is nice, and it has a little rope detail around the lower edge of the table top. The color in the photo is about right.
Great construction and looks very nice, especially the color is a light caramel and goes great with burlwood furniture. Overall design and quality is nice and I have had for over two years and it still looks new because of the good sealant they put on the wood. I would definately recommend.
This is a nice tall table, with great finishes, and a fairly easy process to assemble. I say fairly easy because some alignments had to be tweaked a bit to make it all work, but it was pretty simple to figure out and Im not a brilliant craftsman by any means. I use it in the corner of my living room as an accent table with a tall floral arrangement on top. It would also make an intimate high table with a couple of chairs for drinks or snacks. One thing is for sure..it is sturdy and well finished.
"This Best Selling Glencairn Crystal Whiskey Tasting Glass, Set of 2 Tends to SELL OUT VERY FAST! If this is a MUST HAVE product, be sure to Order Now at Amazon.com to avoid disappointment!"
Champagne, Brandy, Wine each has its own glass. Yet whisky, the worlds most complex spirit, can be found served in anything from hi-ball tumblers to Paris goblets. Its a bit like pouring your vintage champagne into a pint tumbler or your XO brandy into a shot glass! Raymond Davidson decided it was about time someone designed a proper whisky glassa single definitive glass that the whiskey world could call its own. Following in the tradition of Scottish innovation, the Glencairn Glass has arrived. Its roots lie in the traditional nosing and tasting glasses used by master blenders and connoisseurs around the world.
Combining the knowledge and expertise of some of the whisky worlds leading innovators, the unique and stylish shape has been crafted with eminent care to enhance the enjoyment of single malts and aged blends. The tapering mouth allows an ease of drinking not associated with traditional nosing glasses, while capturing that all-important bouquet. The wide bowl allows for the fullest appreciation of the whiskeys color and the solid base is designed to be easy on the hand.
Today the Glencairn Glass can be found at every distillery in Scotland, Ireland, Wales as well as most in the USA. It has won accolades from around the world including the Queens Award, the highest award for business in the UK. It may have taken a few hundred years to arrive, but whisky now has a glass of its own FINALLY!
We have searched the web to find the best prices available. Click Here to find out where to get the best deal on Glencairn Crystal Whiskey Tasting Glass, Set of 2
home depot lasko heater ceramic tower heater best indoor heaters for large rooms bedroom inspired water energy saving space heater home depot lasko ceramic tower heater home depot.
Khalsa Gymnastics | Athletic Equipment Manufacturers, Sports Equipment Manufacturers, Athletic Equipment Suppliers, Sports Equipment Suppliers, India
Base Made of Solid M.S Steel with attachment of 2"x2" Square pipe with pulley and tighter for tighting the net.
athletic equipment manufacturers, sports equipment manufacturers, athletic equipment suppliers, sports equipment suppliers, india, athletic equipment exporters, sports equipment wholesale, sports equipments, athletic equipments, sports training equipment, sports fitness equipment, football sports equipment, athletic training equipment, athletic equipment sports, athletic field equipment, athletic equipment india, sports equipment india, manufacturers of sports equipment, suppliers of athletic equipment, atheletic equipment, wholesale atheletic equipments, wholesale sports equipment, atheletic sports atheletic equipment, exporters of atheletic equipment, table tennis table, table tennis equipment, boxing ring, boxing ring equipment, gymnastics equipment, billiards equipment, poll tales equipment, basketball equipment, childrens park, childrens park equipment, sports mats, gym equipment, fitness equipment, khalsa gymnastic works, india,
These classes will challenge students to go beyond their grade level education and pursue higher level learning in the fields of Biology and Chemistry and Physics. Students as young as middle school are challenged to study high school level material and content through weekly lectures and reading assignments.The purpose of these classes is to teach Biology and Chemistry and Physics at the introductory high school level and thus prepare them for the respective SAT II subject tests.
The class will function similar to a college course with one lecture a week, weekly in-class assignments, exams, and reading homework. The lectures will last approximately 90 minutes and will include 30 minutes of activities and exercises to ensure that the student fully understands the topics.While this may seem rigorous,students will utilize online web simulations, virtual reality software and online labs so that they are fully engaged and attentive throughout the duration of the course. Lab experiments will typically be conducted in groups or pairs so students may need to work together to get certain assignments done.
Progress reports will be handed out throughout the course so that students and their parents will be able to follow along and track their progress and performance in the class. Conferences are available on request by parents if a childs performance is not meeting the base standards.Progress reports will include not only the childs performance but the class averages as well so the student may see where he stands. The grades will be based off of a normal distribution curve so students who score well above the average (even if the average is very low) will receive a good grade. There will be regrade requests available for both the assignments and exams if a student feels that there were mistakes in the grading. There will be a cumulative Final exam at the end of the course to ensure that the student has thoroughly grasped all the concepts taught throughout the class. Students will be handed a manual for each Unit that will contain all the readings that they will need to complete.
Students should bring a writing utensil, a binder and their manual to every class. Phones should beeither silenced or turned off during the lectures There will be work in and out ofclass as students are expected to put in the effort to do the readings aswell as the corresponding homework. While review will be conducted in class,it is important that students study for exams as will since each exam willoften cover a substantial amount of content.
Datahop's network consists of a dual fibre optical ring each segment capable of operating at 10 Gigabits per second help create an ultra high-speed link that can be used for data transport between almost all of London's leading commercial data centres.
Datahops network also runs an advanced protection system ensuring that our Network's operation is unaffected by fibre breaks, equipment failure or power outages at any particular point.
All customers with ports on Datahop therefore have the ability not only to obtain services from Datahop but to extend their network for redundancy or to privately collect and deliver other services over Datahop transparently at layer 2.
So many of us have learned database design approaches from working with one database or data technology. We may have used only one data modeling or development tool. That means our vocabularies around identifiers and keys tend to be product specific. Do you know the difference between a unique index and a unique key? What about the difference between RI, FK and AK?
Note: The next value is the step added to the current seed; not one more than the max value in the table, or even the step from the last or maximum value.
Archive Select Month November 2018 (1) May 2018 (3) April 2018 (2) December 2017 (2) August 2017 (3) September 2016 (2) August 2016 (1) June 2016 (1) May 2016 (2) April 2016 (1) March 2016 (3) February 2016 (2) January 2016 (6) December 2015 (2) November 2015 (2) September 2015 (2) July 2015 (3) June 2015 (1) May 2015 (2) April 2015 (2) March 2015 (4) February 2015 (2) January 2015 (6) December 2014 (5) November 2014 (2) October 2014 (1) August 2014 (1) July 2014 (2) June 2014 (3) May 2014 (1) April 2014 (3) March 2014 (6) February 2014 (5) January 2014 (4) December 2013 (3) November 2013 (1) October 2013 (3) September 2013 (3) August 2013 (2) July 2013 (4) June 2013 (5) May 2013 (7) April 2013 (5) March 2013 (4) February 2013 (7) January 2013 (12) December 2012 (2) November 2012 (3) October 2012 (3) September 2012 (13) August 2012 (5) July 2012 (17) June 2012 (2) May 2012 (4) April 2012 (4) March 2012 (8) February 2012 (11) January 2012 (3) December 2011 (10) November 2011 (8) October 2011 (5) September 2011 (3) August 2011 (9) July 2011 (5) June 2011 (5) May 2011 (5) April 2011 (9) March 2011 (4) February 2011 (9) January 2011 (8) December 2010 (15) November 2010 (27) September 2010 (2) August 2010 (1) July 2010 (4) February 2009 (1)
Many years ago, before the advent of internet, mapping, satnav and all the other assistive technologies that we rely on, taking a long journey involved a long hard look at a road atlas and a lot of staring at signs. On one particular trip from the Stranraer ferry down to Cheshire I encountered a rather assertive traffic attendant. He certainly wasnt part of the police force, but he seemed to think that directing traffic through the then not bypassed Dumfries gave him some sort of authority.
As I approached the junction which this attendant was managing I had a choice of two lanes, and a signpost to consider. Of course I chose one lane, and then, as I read the sign, very quickly switched to the correct lane. No sooner had I done this than the attendant put out his hand to stop me. He made a hand signal for me to wind down my window, and as I complied he lowered his head to my level and uttered these words.
I trust he was referring simply to my driving and not offering a metaphor for life, but in an ever changing IT landscape does it have a ring of truth?
Ive recently been considering software/hardware stacks for a new project. In many ways the project is green field  all the options are open. But, theres never a green field because developers, infrastructure managers, project managers and more all come with a wealth of experience. I know that if you can learn to code in one language you will be able to pick up another one, but the more aspects of a project you change, the more everyone is going to have to learn before even starting the project.
Software development has fashions and trends, just like every aspect of life, and everyone wants to jump on the shiny new stack of the moment. There are so many options out there that its difficult which few to use as an example, so I wont. But I have been investigating, both reading up on what the benefits of each stack are, and how straightforward it will be to install, configure and develop against.
My conclusion? Look to the future, but dont forget they legacy, and dont discount the experience that your team has already gained. Do you have someone with SQL Server experience, but less understanding of the nuts and bolts of MySQL/MariaDB/PostgreSQL  then use SQL Server, providing your infrastructure allows. If youre using the Windows environment, then IIS is more likely to be a good fit than Apache, but both do the job well  dont get hung up on it.
Server side and client side environments can be more flexible. You can run PHP, Node.js on Windows or Linux. Javascript of course runs client side and so is independent of your infrastructure choices. Again, if youve got a wealth of PHP talent, feel free to use it if it can do the job. But do consider the benefits of using a more modern language, and the cost in time and training against the improvements to development time, code usability, future proofing that moving on might bring.
For most development projects the crucial factor is doing the business analysis well before writing a line of code. The more time spent understanding the systems to be built, the faster it will be built, and the more likely it is to work first time. So, leverage existing experience and dont get caught up in platform wars. Choose your lane and stick to it until a sign tells you otherwise. But work hard at understanding the system before you touch your code, or choose your environment, and then youll be halfway to building that system the best way you can.
This Website was Created 11 Nov 2018 with Legacy 9.0 from MyHeritage; content copyright and maintained by david@davidleas.com
Check out this beautiful engagement session I shot with Maryanne and Mark. I drove down to meet them in beautiful Mabou just as the leaves were burning all their different colours. Mabou is one of my favorite places to visit on the Island and its even a million times better when you get to explore the back roads with new friends.
We have choosen many pictures and posted them, particularly for you, the cool landscaping wallpapers lovers. Dressing Room Designs picture that you see right now is the best picture from the others with the same brand and type. Our aim to post this picture is to inform you the latest images collection.
Get Dressing Room Designs pictures and make this wallpaper for your desktop, tablet, or smartphone device. For best results, you can choose full size to be easily customized to your screen.
This Dressing Room Designs is provided only for personal use as wallpaper on computers, smartphones or other display devices. If you found any images copyrighted to yours, please contact us and we will remove it. We don't intend to display any copyright protected images.
explained... I am very pleased which i stumbled across this in my hunt for something regarding this websites.
I've read through your details that you shares as part of your article and I really adore it. Thanks for sharing this write-up. I recognize it.
73 impacts of cyberbullying building social and emotional resilience in schools springerbriefs in education DOC
95 small talk conversation skills and charisma how to connect effortlessly with anyone strike up conversations with confidence and make small talk without DOC
126 a concise introduction to logic book only 11th edition by hurley patrick j published by wadsworth publishing paperback DOC
187 management of information security 3rd edition solutions manual by michael whitman and mattord DOC
203 a parents guide to understanding teenage girls remembering who she was celebrating who shes becoming DOC
254 police building and the responsibility to protect civil society gender and human rights culture in oceania global politics and the responsibility to protect DOC
266 dreams of iron and steel seven wonders of the modern age from the building of the london sewers to the panama canal ps DOC
267 planewaves pseudopotentials and the lapw method planewaves pseudopotentials and the lapw method DOC
312 kids books why did the leaf fall sweet dreamsconversations with god riddles for kids knowing your value feeling good social skills early with free audio book to download 2 DOC
316 broke what every american business must do to restore our financial stability and protect our future DOC
336 kidney stones kidney stones guide to treatment of kidney stones and cure of kidney stones with diet strategies DOC
362 asian expansions the historical experiences of polity expansion in asia routledge studies in the early history of asia DOC
364 national incident management system principles and practice national incident management system principles and practice DOC
368 spies of mississippi the true story of the spy network that tried to destroy the civil rights movement DOC
429 competitive intelligence in small businesses take the lead with 7 practical and cost effective strategies DOC
432 european civil security governance diversity and cooperation in crisis and disaster management new security challenges DOC
459 strangers to the city reflections on the beliefs and values of the rule of st benedict paperback voices from DOC
460 plumbing diy for beginners plumbing repair and installation for beginners plumbing for dummies diy projects diy household hacks plumbing tips plumbing parts book 1 DOC
477 by james fitzsimmons service management operations strategy information techno seventh 7th edition DOC
490 recent advances in constraints 11th annual ercim international workshop on constraint solving and constraint logic programming csclp 2006 caparica portugal june 26 28 2006 revised selected and invited papers author francisco azevedo sep 2007 DOC
523 by judith j baker health care finance basic tools for nonfinancial managers health care finance baker 3rd edition DOC
531 troubadours trumpeters troubled makers lyricism nationalism and hybridity in china and its others asia pacific DOC
Promoting your goods, services, and your website via article advertising can save you masses of money. How? Rather of utilizing PPC marketing and banner ads which can cost 1000's of bucks per thirty day period, you can write and distribute your posts to drive visitors to your website with out investing a solitary dime.
Target your marketing and you will produce the most highly focused prospects feasible.which is vitally essential in terms of the quality of your leads.
Yes, guaranteed ppc conversion rate optimization is certainly an added advertising cost. However, it's a controllable, predictable indicates to build ROI, and a fantastic way to develop inbound links exactly where you have manage over the text utilized in the link tag.
There are alot of lucrative leads on the web. The elegance of this is that it gained't price you alot to find these leads, and you can market your business at such a low cost. To discover prospective customers who are intrigued in your solutions, you check here will want to do a few things. The first factor to begin with is spend per click advertising.
Video marketing: Creating videos and submitting them on You-Tube can get you a great deal of guests. You can even embed these movies on your blog. Make sure you include in the correct tags and place the video in the right category.
Link some of your other social networking websites to MySpace. You want to create a web so that individuals who see you on other web websites like YouTube and Twitter can find you easily on MySpace. Make it lifeless easy for people to find you. Following all, these web sites have hundreds of thousands of users and more than most likely your prospects and prospects are on them also.
The bidding market for key phrases is nonetheless so new and untapped that it's uncommon to have much more than three rivals fighting over a specific phrase. The gaps in key phrase price-for each-click on costs this kind of as "debt consolidation" are the norm and signify great possibilities still available in this media. Correct now they are abundant, and for those few individuals who take the time to comprehend this important advertising instrument, the time to act is NOW!
Marvel's Cloak and Dagger 1x07 "Lotus Eaters" Season 1 Episode 7 Sneak Peek - A mysterious man may be the key for Tandy to finally clear her father...
Marvel's Cloak and Dagger 1x07 "Lotus Eaters" Season 1 Episode 7 Sneak Peek #2 - A mysterious man may be the key for Tandy to finally clear her fat...
Marvel's Cloak and Dagger 1x07 "Lotus Eaters" Season 1 Episode 7 Sneak Peek #3 - A mysterious man may be the key for Tandy to finally clear her fat...
Landis+Gyr Group worldwide	Worldwide headquarter Zug, Switzerland Europe Austria Czech Republic Denmark Finland France Germany Greece Italy Netherlands Norway Poland Slovenia Spain Sweden Switzerland United Kingdom North America Canada USA Mexico South America Argentina Brazil Africa South Africa Asia Pacific Asia Pacific China Other countries
Use this worksheet to brainstorm keyword ideas - this will focus your search but will also make it more inclusive
Click on the link above to access the Course Reserve Form. You may type information directly into the form. Please fill out and print one form for each item that you'd like to place on reserve. Before printing, select landscape mode. Bring the form(s) and the corresponding item(s) to the library in Colgan Hall, room 129, and we will place the items on reserve. Thanks!
Please leave the review about "Nationalism and the crowd in liberal Hungary, 1848-1914 Alice Freifeld." book below:
(C) 2015-2018 All rights are reserved by their owners. CopyRights of all books are reserved by relevant publishers. This site does'nt contains any texts of books and there is no content to download.
Even if you see the "Download" button, this does not mean that the link leads to the resource with the content placed on it. This is not an offer to download content. This is a test function of this site.
ST. PAUL (AP) -- A third of Minnesota state parks could see their hours and services reduced under Republican-backed environmental bills approved by the Minnesota House and Senate.
DNR officials say up to 10 parks might have to be "mothballed" until state finances improve, if the bills become law.
Under the plan, the parks would remain open but campgrounds and buildings probably would be closed and unstaffed.
DFLers accused Republicans of breaking faith with Minnesotans who've favored environmental spending.
Senate Environment and Natural Resources chairman Bill Ingebrigtsen defends the cuts. The Alexandria Republican says making "difficult choices" today will ensure "a vibrant Minnesota outdoors tomorrow."
The Joomla! name is used under a limited license from Open Source Matters in the United States and other countries. joomline.org is not affiliated with or endorsed by Open Source Matters or the Joomla! Project.
The content relating to real estate for sale in this Web site comes in part from the Internet Data eXchange ('IDX') program of RECOLORADO, Inc. listings held by brokers other than RE/MAX Masters Millennium Inc. are marked with the IDX Logo. This information is being provided for the consumers' personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any other purpose. All information subject to change and should be independently verified.
This is Pittsburgh Steeler Defensive End, Brett Keisel from Greybull, Wyoming. I posed him where he hunts, up on the famous Carter Mountain Range. This is located right above where we live in Cody, Wyoming.
Here are four close-ups of my final version to show all the detail. One little side note, if you look at the last close-up, you will see a small pair of buffalo tracks after my signature. This is to commemorate Bretts High School mascot and my company name.
I want to thank Brett for allowing me to paint his image. Also, I want to thank my wife Leigh, for taking her valuable time to photograph all the images of this painting.
Welcome to I review websites! You are on " I review cand.com.vn " page. This is the place where you can comment on cand.com.vn. Feel free to read about cand.com.vn below to find out what others think about this website. Do you like cand.com.vn? Rate it now by clicking the "Rate this site" stars below this box. You can also write your own review on cand.com.vn at the bottom of this page. If you are interested in reviewing other similar websites, please check out the similar websites section on the right. You can also browse other website reviews by clicking here.
 To prevent spams and make sure you are a human, you must NOT use the words "http" or "/"(slashes) in your review.
Several non-Muslims have responded (A13, subscription required) to Tahir Q's letter (lower half) about the article about Quranic criticism. I couldn't have said what they say any more articulately, so here are the best excerpts from each letter. Bold text is mine.
[Tahir's] peremptory tone...demonstrates precisely what is wrong with Islam and its "hands off" attitude toward scholarship. No religion is perfect, even as the primary texts of all major religions preach and teach the messages of virtue, love, compassion and peace. But some are more perfect than others. (oops, Animal Farm reference)
Many of the key texts of my religion -- Hinduism -- have been respectfully subjected to critical analysis by Western scholars -- without arousing...the wrath of its practitioners. The Bible is believed by many to be God's words, yet Western scholars (Jewish and Christian) have not shied away from delving critically into the Old Testament and the New. Why exactly is it so objectionable for Islam and the Quran to be studied the same way? Yes, why? If you have a good reason, comment on it. Understanding and respect for other religions can be advanced only through rational discourse, not blind faith in the literal truth of the text... There are a few slightly disturbing connotations in that last sentence, notably "literal." Which meaning does he mean? "The-author-said-what-s/he-meant-to-say," or "no-metaphors-allowed"?
Maybe that is exactly the problem: Muslims interpreting the Quran for themselves. Maybe it is time for "Westerner scholars" to get involved. Islamic terrorists have carried out thousands of deadly terror attacks since 9/11. And you wonder why Westerners have shown a level of hostility toward Muhammad and the Quran and Islam when compared with other faiths? You basically answered your own question. Take out at least one "maybe," and it'll be even better.
Is he joking? Over the past quarter-century, literally thousands of innocent men, women, and children of practically all faiths have been murdered in the name of Muhammad, the Quran, and Islam, while the majority of Muslims either openly celebrated such acts or quietly stood by without condemning them. If any religion needs a reformation to bring it in line with modernity, it is Islam...
...Really? In America, the law guarantees one the right to practice any religion one chooses. On the other hand, laws based on Shariah consign non-Muslim people to inferior status. Christians living in Muslim nations are continuously harassed, threatened and even jailed for "converting" Muslims. Name a teddy bear after the prophet, and you will also go to jail, no matter if you're on a selfless humanitarian mission... [emphasis in original]
Mr. Qureshi's response to study and interpretation of the Quran clearly characterizes the shortcomings of Islam -- lack of intellectual dynamism, curiosity, self criticism, inclusiveness and tolerance -- all demonstrated in his brief, articulate letter. And this one was even shorter!
Age: 21. I have black hair, brown eyes, 6"5" tall, and toned athletic body that is well proportioned and in good shape. I am based in the fun city in Florida but I can also travel anywhere in the world as your male companion. With a pleasing personality, I'm abella anderson ultimate fuck toy to provide you with intelligent and interesting conversation. .
Age: 21. That helped me improve me socializing skills and learn how to always keep my body in top shape and to always be classy and elegant. So you can invite me out to dinner, you can ask me to accompany abella anderson ultimate fuck toy to a social event or we can Hello my darlings, My name is Olivia and I am a gorgeous high class Japanese companion, a member of Asian Girl Escort Agency, offering my top escort services in NY. I am a girl that loves to travel and meet all kind of new and interesting people. .
Description: Lee, who's 24 years older than Furlan, shares two kids, sons Dylan, 19, and Brandon, 21, with his third ex-wife, Pamela Anderson. He was previously married to Heather Locklear and Elaine Bergen. Iconic blonde bombshell Pamela Andersons bit tits, perfect ass, and hot pussy conquered the world via Baywatch, Playboy, and her famous hardcore suck-and-fuck home porn video with Tommy Lee. XVIDEOS pamela anderson compilation free. kenk.info - the best free porn videos on internet, % free.
Age: 27. As hippies hugs trees, I become one with my ever changing environment. Vegas never ceases to amaze me thus, I would wholeheartedly enjoy everything this city of carnal pleasures and sin has to offer. The city is your amusement park and I am the ride. .
The information provided above may be outdated. To obtain the most current and complete information about the company, order a report
What Does Market Essay Article writing Expert services Suggest? Free-lance creating ought to be good so that it offers excellent custom made papers. Just about every essay may include competent personnel, and so you dont really needs to bother with the product quality. You ought to turned out to be to your personal computer and discover an excellent cope of strategies which is able to strong someone to be an outstanding writer. You can actually also make the most of essay composing organisation ways of assist you when need to obtain assistance from As our group of freelance writers is reasonably massive, we will have freely available freelance writers made ready to give a reasonable and extremely well-paid pay for. It is actually a section of succeed that involves writeras personal perspective. Get willing to skin a great deal of struggles, and business administration arrangement is simply one ones! Theres practically nothing dreadful and risky to be competent help support on the net. The intricacy of heading using a studies and learning pieces of information and stats to back up your essay isnt what you would love to implement since it is aiming to exhaust all of your current time. Whilst not exceptional and fascinating issues theres a little chance obtain the best label in your college or university.
You can expect to frequently get out of your blogger to show even more particulars or ask for info concerning the orders grow. If you happen to will want techniques to formulate income using the web a lot of financial commitment, then one way link complex together with documents revealing also good suggestions. Its continually far better pick a honest article writing servicethat mixes the information and endeavor info with a purchase online form. Finding the Most desirable Business venture Essay Crafting Service On top of that, nearly every learner has distinct grademiners
prefers, thus a unique program could possibly be excellent for you personally, but poor for one more buyer. It is possible to speak to our customer satisfaction consultant for the live talk provide on the webpage. Should you have picked up an internet based connection and you will see our site, well help you. Write down my paper customer feedback may be placed to use as helpful tips for picking just the right composing suppliers. Other essay support is much more impressive in regard in their surgery but are not really quite as effective as us. We all know it isnt rather simple to compose a small business Essay and due to this theyre searching for an outstanding Business venture Essay publishing service company.
As vein, now the perfect customized generating corporations are producing the best skilled services that work most effectively strategy to have the superior top-notch assignment made up exclusively for you. Moreover, you require a solutions whichs very best amidst students. Whenever you purchase a place by reason of our extremely most excellent essay article writing business assessments, check out its stipulations. Theres no requirement to be worried about spending a considerable amount of bucks to look for a opportunity to use our services. Other types of assignments charge different, along with their selling prices may be easily anticipated because of the sites charge calculator. The 1st 12 month period at Harvard Enterprise Education or some other small enterprise education gets under way as a little bit of cake all mission presents itself a doddle if you happen to dont dont have any regarded leadership and manufacturer in whatever way. Researching in numerous learning shops, one will truly absolute many small amount of operation essays to methods to study data adequately. Business venture Management will be really obligatory with every new second.
Publishing products agency ratings are supposed to provide you with the vital info you will need to make the proper decision in regards to the deciding on associated with the essay creator. For the majority of students, the therapy can be to get the assistance of the best essay authoring professional services. As its really challenging to prepare a viable organization essay, its commendable to acquire help of professional small company essay publishing products and services. All youve got to do is retain the services of an essay creator at our website. If youre looking for top rated essay article writing service providers, check out the explained recently. The information generating companies thats sensibly priced will have the ability to help you to supply you with some concept which you should have for use in your medical investigate. Still not easy it is usually to prepare an essay, our editors can option at any topic. Any time you investment an essay from us, youre likely to experience exclusive procedure due to the fact essay assist provided by our writers is constantly customized subject to the needs you have. You can even alteration to several other contributor free of cost.
Simply What Does Operation Essay Writing articles System Entail? You simply need to reveal your own private details and report attribute inside of the order type. When you didnt seek out the type of pieces of paper it is important to surface, you can actually shoot a obtain for our help on regardless whether were in a position to wrap up the type of pieces of paper you wish. Completely free strategies have a relatively plagiarism review together with newspapers. Our freelance writers supply you which includes a custom posted article because they know the significance of your individual accomplishment. Youre thinking about being positive that although you have not set the journal as a group, it still tones exactly like you and displays your tips and hints and concepts. For that reason may want to you decide to discover a explore newspaper vocation if you are paying even more asking price guaranteed youre seeking to discover the very best quality. Likewise, efficient support like Edubirdie will guarantee if an order was set up, the student would get your news paper over time. They are generally the only one bearer about this papers.
Analyze Document Spend money on  Might it be a gimmick? Procrastination is known as a convenient other. The respond are likely to be thats the erroneous inquiry regardless of 
Why Almost Everything Youve Learned About Someone Do My Essay for Me Is Wrong In case youd want to acquire a distinctive newspaper for the money then go to Custom-Essays-Online. 
     .       ,      , ,     .      ,   - ,      -.
Just because your living room is verging on the small side, it doesnt mean that you should hide away all your favourite belongings in storage. If you have objects that are worthy of showing off then display them along an open shelf, above the sofa. This idea is great for when floor space is at a premium.
While banishing clutter might help a smaller living room feel more open, if youre a fan of the cosy, lived-in look such a pared back scheme will do little for you. But small doesnt have to mean bare and characterless. Try the classic combination of dark leather armchair and traditional fireplace  theres nothing like it for creating a warm, cosy environment. Add much-loved items and accessories  in an interesting, character-filled scheme, no one will be thinking about how small the room is.
living room furniture in kansas city moliving room furniture sale ikealiving room furniture ideas 2017living room furniture dealsliving room furniture sale ukliving room furniture sets for saleliving room furniture setsliving room furniture arrangement toolliving room furnitureliving room sofa arrangementsliving room furniture layoutliving room furniture layout with corner fireplaceliving room furniture melbourneliving room furniture saleliving room furniture sale near me
Any content, trademarks, or other material that might be found on the Iveminorseminary website that is not Iveminorseminarys property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does Iveminorseminary claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
This group is a mature (single/married) adult group, ages approximately 55-75. We use LifeWays Explore the Bible literature and teach through lecture and interactive styles.
This feature examines titles old and new. Our fall installment focuses on Connecticut places and personalities. Read on!
New England isnt typically the region you think of when you consider sports rivalries. The recent World Series victories by the Boston Red Sox seem to have cooled their once heated rivalry with the New York Yankees. And its debatable whether the contest between these teams ever reached the levels of passion seen in some of the more spirited football feuds, such as Alabama vs. Auburn or Michigan vs. Ohio State.
So it can be a little surprising for newcomers and visitors to learn that southeastern Connecticut is home to the oldest high school football rivalry in the United States. Starting in 1875, the teams from Norwich and New London began a Thanksgiving Day match to see who would be able to take home bragging rights.
Brian Girasoli, a former sports editor and past president of the Connecticut Sports Writers Alliance, gives a thorough overview of this annual contest. Hes clearly done a great deal of research in order to trace the game from its early origins to more modern times.
I should probably disclose that I know Girasoli personally. In fact, we play bar trivia together all the time (hes our sports ringer). And he spoke at my wedding.
OK, so maybe Im not the most unbiased person to be reviewing his book. I can still offer a bit of criticism, in that the book makes heavy use of newspaper articles. This gives an intriguing look at how sports coverage has evolved over the years, but can also limit Girasolis own voice and result in a more repetitive style.
Nevertheless, the book presents a clear narrative, with numerous interesting and amusing vignettes from games past. The game in 1889, played in a snowstorm, ended abruptly after a punted ball could not be found again. A brawl among fans in 1951 put the game on ice for a couple of years. A controversial call in the 1960s would be discussed for years. Each school has built up lengthy winning streaks, only to see them shattered and have the advantage tilt to their rivals.
Every state has its claim to fame, often related to the famous sons and daughters who once lived there or continue to make it their home. Authors who write a book on such local icons face a few challenges, including whether they should simply rattle off a list of celebrated figures or try to unite them around a common theme.
Eric D. Lehman, whose previous works have ranged from natural history to a definitive account of Benedict Arnolds attack on New London, recently released his own picks for some of our states most prominent figures. Connecticut Vanguards focuses on those who were pioneers, groundbreakers, or trailblazers in their particular fields. He adds the further stipulation that each subject either grew up in Connecticut or spent a significant portion of their life there.
As such, readers shouldnt go into this volume with the expectation that Lehman will touch upon every famous Nutmegger. Many familiar names are featured, including Eugene ONeill and Katharine Hepburn, are featured. Others are excluded; Mark Twain gets a quote in the introduction, but not an individual profile.
In each essay, Lehman makes the case for how the person became a powerful influencer. Some people have received plenty of analysis over the years, including Harriet Beecher Stowes galvanizing of the abolitionist movement with Uncle Toms Cabin. Others are fascinating, lesser-known examples such as Ebenezer Bassett, the nations first African-American ambassador.
Lehman profiles 24 people in all, and his selections provide a good balance of different personalities and professions. Artists, entertainers, industrialists, politicians, and more are covered. The concluding essays focus on more recent innovators, such as criminologist Henry C. Lee and sustainable sushi chef Bun Lai.
Connecticut Vanguards is a thoughtful look at some of the pioneering personalities of the Constitution State. Its easy to take as a leisurely read, a chapter or two at a time, learning about some of the groundbreaking people from the area and perhaps getting a little inspiration along the way.
Its always impressive to see how niche local history publications can be. Stop by this section of a bookstore and youll not only find countless volumes focusing on individual towns, but also a variety of slim but informative narratives on everything from a specific fire department to a vanished streetcar line.
Wick Griswold and Stephen Jones have added to that panoply with Connecticut River Ferries. As the name suggests, the book limits its focus to river crossings, including the long-serving Chester-Hadlyme and Rocky Hill-Glastonbury ferries. Youll have to look elsewhere for a history of the seafaring steamboats or a look at the current Long Island Sound ferries.
While there are plenty of sections that follow a more historical style, such as a catalogue of mishaps on the ferries and a thorough recounting of the pressures to shut down the two remaining crossings, the book often follows a more folksy, whimsical style. There are plenty of anecdotes gathered from interviews with ferry captains, the legend of a stodgy old man who showed up a ferryman by walking around the Connecticut River instead of paying the fare, and much more.
This usually works to the books favor, but it can sometimes be a little grating. The third chapter, prefaced as an interlude authored by Jones, seemed to me an overlong and overwritten break that clashed noticeably with the rest of the book.
While there is plenty of discussion of the older ferry crossings that were set up out of necessity, I was a little dismayed to find that other river ferries were mostly or entirely omitted. Theres scant mention of the crossing that served Lyme and Old Saybrook before the construction of a bridge there, and nothing at all about the ferries that once plied the Thames River between Groton and New London.
Connecticut River Ferries is a bit of a muddled look at the history of this service. But its well-written and entertaining, and should appeal to those with an interest in the maritime heritage of the state.
Look at this when need to understand a great deal additional in regards towards the making of 1's college paperwork, examine paperwork as well as thesis boosting.
Review it to ... V88poker.net isn't nevertheless successful in its SEO practices: it has Google PR 0. It may be penalized or missing beneficial inbound one-way links.
553 hope and healing a caregivers guide to helping young children affected by trauma zero to three early care library by rice kathleen f groves betsy m 2005 paperback DOC
611 an introduction to planetary defense a study of modern warfare applied to extra terrestrial invasion DOC
623 speaking our minds conversations with the people behind landmark first amendment cases routledge communication series DOC
640 leed v4 accredited professional bd c exam study guide complete study materials including mock exams and additional study materials DOC
645 risk in academic writing postgraduate students their teachers and the making of knowledge new perspectives on language and education DOC
650 principles of automotive vehicles including the engine gasoline diesel gas turbine and propane fuel systems exhaust and emission control systems lubrication and electrical and cooling systems DOC
667 ap us comparative government politics rea the best test prep for the a 8th edition advanced placement ap test preparation DOC
694 the meat racket the secret takeover of americas food business by leonard christopher 2014 hardcover DOC
695 kids and money what your kids need to know to become financially responsible teaching kids about money money DOC
718 bill traylor drawings from the collections of the high museum of art and the montgomery museum of fine arts DOC
743 organization 2nd edition cleaning organizing tidying up the japanese art of organizing your life DOC
750 the furniture bible everything you need to know to identify restore care for furniture christophe pourny DOC
766 mechanical behavior of materials 3rd edition 3rd edition by dowling norman e published by prentice hall hardcover DOC
781 military historys most wanted the top 10 book of improbable victories unlikely heroes and other martial oddities DOC
786 postsecondary play the role of games and social media in higher education techedu a hopkins series on education and technology DOC
789 think like a rock star how to create social media and marketing strategies that turn customers into fans with DOC
797 ghost cities of china the story of cities without people in the worlds most populated country DOC
808 a journey from robot to digital human mathematical principles and applications with matlab programming modeling and optimization in science and technologies DOC
833 the columbia anthology of modern japanese literature from restoration to occupation 1868 1945 modern asian literature series volume 1 DOC
Jungle Foundation acts of kindness continues as they extend their support to education sector and give out bursary to the needy students.
Jungle Foundation acts of kindness continues as they extend their support to education sector and gi
Men at work for ongoing works of ensuring Thika residents have safer streets with street lighting. J
Jungle Nuts CEO Mr. Wainaina accompanied by Jungle foundation team members officially launched Kiand
MACADAMIA NUTS MUST BE PART OF YOUR DAILY DIET for healthy living. It is high energy food with NO CH
Jungle FC is a young upcoming football team fully sponsored by Jungle Nuts. It has given young men a
Macadamia Nut Oil is a great ingredient for salads, cooking or simply drizzled on bread. The natural
Gothic Interior Door Elegant Lafavela Lafavelabali La Favela Bali Bar Restaurant Club. This amazing image collections about Gothic Interior Door Elegant Lafavela Lafavelabali La Favela Bali Bar Restaurant Club is available to download. We collect this amazing image from internet and choose the best for you. Gothic Interior Door Elegant Lafavela Lafavelabali La Favela Bali Bar Restaurant Club photos and pictures collection that posted here was carefully selected and uploaded by Rockymage team after choosing the ones that are best among the others. So, finally we make it and here these list of amazing image for your inspiration and informational purpose regarding the Gothic Interior Door Elegant Lafavela Lafavelabali La Favela Bali Bar Restaurant Club as part of junieve.org exclusive updates collection.Gothic Interior Door Elegant Lafavela Lafavelabali La Favela Bali Bar Restaurant Club, take your time and find the best Gothic Interior Door Elegant Lafavela Lafavelabali La Favela Bali Bar Restaurant Club images and pictures posted here that suitable with your needs and use it for your own collection and personal use. Gothic Interior Door Elegant Lafavela Lafavelabali La Favela Bali Bar Restaurant Club.
Elegant Gothic Interior Door - From the thousand pictures on-line about gothic interior door , we all choices the top choices along with ideal resolution exclusively for you, and this photos is actually among graphics collections in your ideal graphics gallery concerning Elegant Gothic Interior Door. I am hoping you might think it's great. This particular picture (Gothic Interior Door Elegant Lafavela Lafavelabali La Favela Bali Bar Restaurant Club) over is usually classed having: published simply by admin in 2018-06-08 03:43:46. To see almost all graphics with Elegant Gothic Interior Door pictures gallery you need to stick to this web page link. The Most Elegant and also Lovely gothic interior door pertaining to Inspire The house Existing Property|Warm WishHome
 Encouraged to be able to my blog site, on this time period I will provide you with regarding spring arts and crafts for preschoolers
Mrs T s First Grade Class Spring from spring arts and crafts for preschoolers , source:pinterest.co.uk
Simple Steps to Craft Tissue Paper Flowers from spring arts and crafts for preschoolers , source:verywellfamily.com
Why dont you consider graphic earlier mentioned? will be that will incredible???. if youre more dedicated therefore, Il l teach you several image all over again beneath:
50 Crafts for 2 Year Olds How Wee Learn from spring arts and crafts for preschoolers , source:howweelearn.com
New Spring Art Ideas for toddlers Gayo Maxx from spring arts and crafts for preschoolers , source:gayomaxx.org
that artist woman blog Very good art blog for kids from spring arts and crafts for preschoolers , source:pinterest.co.uk
Music and Movement Activities For Your Classroom from spring arts and crafts for preschoolers , source:perpetualpreschool.com
129 best craft images on Pinterest from spring arts and crafts for preschoolers , source:pinterest.com
So, if you want to receive these amazing pictures regarding (Fresh Spring Arts and Crafts for Preschoolers
), simply click save button to download the pics in your personal computer. These are prepared for down load, if you appreciate and wish to own it, just click save symbol on the web page, and it will be directly downloaded to your laptop. Lastly if you like to find unique and latest image related to (Fresh Spring Arts and Crafts for Preschoolers
), please follow us on google plus or bookmark this blog, we attempt our best to provide daily up grade with fresh and new photos. We do hope you like staying right here. For some upgrades and recent information about (Fresh Spring Arts and Crafts for Preschoolers
) graphics, please kindly follow us on tweets, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on book mark section, We try to provide you with up grade regularly with fresh and new photos, enjoy your surfing, and find the right for you.
) published by at . Nowadays were excited to announce we have discovered an awfullyinteresting contentto be discussed, namely (Fresh Spring Arts and Crafts for Preschoolers
Spring Arts and Crafts for Preschoolers New that Artist Woman Blog Very Good Art Blog for Kids Spring Arts and Crafts for Preschoolers Luxury 129 Best Craft Images On Pinterest Spring Arts and Crafts for Preschoolers Best Of 50 Crafts for 2 Year Olds How Wee Learn Spring Arts and Crafts for Preschoolers Beautiful Kid Crafts 365 Blog Crafts for Kids Spring Arts and Crafts for Preschoolers Fresh 50 Crafts for 2 Year Olds How Wee Learn
For those of you who don't know, the Pac-Tour is sort of a spin off of the Vans Warped Tour, except on a much smaller scale. This was also the first national tour I've seen at the venue, and it was as good of a venue as I expected it to be.
The first opener was The I Drive, a local band that won Pittsburgh's heat of the Pac Tour battle of the bands. They we're pretty decent, but it was obvious the crowd could have cared less who they were. I thought it was funny that they advertised their show at a bar on the south side to a bunch of high school kids.
Eyealaska was up next and the most notable thing about them is that their lead singer came on stage wearing a wool sweater, scarf and backpack and was eating an apple. Their sound is a mix of Linkin Park sounding music with less screaming/rapping and, of all things, r&b. They weren't bad, but they weren't anything to write home about either.
P.O.S. came up next, the only act I had heard of other than IPS, thanks to late night MTVU sessions. The crowd was obviously flat, as a bunch of high schoolers wanting to see screamo could care less about rap. Also, while P.O.S.'s rapping skills were top notch, he had no showmanship. Eventually he resorted to rapping from the middle of the crowd to generate some sort of spark. Still, few people cared. He made a comment that the people who were just standing around and not getting in to him could have just listened to his cd at home. Well, P.O.S., you did nothing to make me think that I shouldn't.
Innerpartysystem came up next, with some new lighting effects but a shortened setlist, so they compensated by only playing their rockers. Transmission, Last Night in Brooklyn, Die Tonight Live Forever, This Town Your Grave, Heart of Fire, and of course Don't Stop. Some where in the middle of that was their new song Money Makes the World Go 'Round, which was awesome. Just like the last time I saw IPS the crowd was flat, or at least it was until they played Don't Stop. Why kids can jump around for that song but not This Town Your Grave makes no sense to me. In any event, Innerpartysystem keeps getting better as they continue these marathon touring sessions. Hopefully they'll pick up enough popularity from these package tours that they can get bigger and better booking.
Saosin took forever to get on stage, like half an hour or so. Also they filled up the entire bar with stage fog. I really had not heard any of their stuff prior to the show, and really wasn't impressed. Screaming and noise is best done when it's done just to be screaming and noise. I really couldn't understand why the crowd was so into this band, but then again I'm a good decade older than most of the people in the crowd. I left before they finished their set, after all, the Steelers were playing a tight game in Baltimore
Concert Lowlight: It's a three way tie between POS's showmanship, Saosin taking forever to set up, and the Steelers losing in OT to the Ravens
Awesome Walk In Bathtubs For Dogs, walk in bathtub with shower, walk in bathtub reviews ~ Home Design
Home  Bathrooms Ideas  Advantages and Disadvantages in Walk in Bathtubs  Awesome Walk In Bathtubs For Dogs Image
Uploaded by ATMA in Wichita at Wednesday, October 30, 2013. The Cool Bathrooms Ideas images on this page are the Cool picture that we suggested for you with a dimension of 900 x 575 pixels. Awesome Walk In Bathtubs For Dogs above are the same as what I saw when I visited my mothers private residence in West Covina, US. Dont be hesitate; you can also get the entire article in the Advantages and Disadvantages in Walk in Bathtubs which contains picture that I took during a vacation to various countries such as Belgium, Romania, and Cuba.
Feel free to use the lowes walk in bathtubs picture that I served even though you are in tropical or desert countries like Vietnam, Jordan, and Chad. Download by right clicking your mouse right on the Cool picture, then give this good resolution picture to your home adviser to be put on soon.
walk in bathtub showerlowes walk in bathtubswalk in bathtub pricewalk in bathtub with showerwalk in bathtubs for seniorswalk in tubs
Human beings probably danced even before there was a word for it. Rhythmic bodily movement is instinctive. It connects people, even if unconsciously, to the rhythms of nature. The grounded movement is notably different from ballet's upward lift - itself in relation to western melodic forms. Dance is a form of expression that supersedes verbal language; it is possible to convey far more meaning in a sweeping gesture than a simple phrase. Dance springs from a human desire for personal expression and social connection. and it feels good.
List Manufacturers of Dietary Supplement, Buy Dietary Supplement, Get Discount on Dietary Supplement | Cheaper Discounts For Items
Buy Affordable Items from Reputable Manufacturers in China With The Cheaper Discounts Offer For Items
Buy Affordable Items from Reputable Manufacturers in China With The Cheaper Discounts Offer For Items via Cheaper Discounts For Items
Beeldend Kunstenaar - Visual Artist. Karin Bos is born on May 9th 1966 in Rijswijk, the Netherlands. In 1989 she graduated at the Amsterdam School of Fine Arts. She lives and works in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. Her main media are painting, drawing and printing. More information: www.karinbos.info
Hey man... why don't you tell the reader to do full backup before make change on the android system... It the lib files is not compatible with the phone that can make their phone bricked(can not start up).
Hi there. now my phone bricked and i didn't do full back before i make change in system/lib. as you said my phone cant start up. what can i do? please tell me.
i wasn't disappointed with Khmer Android Blog. this is because i really want our khmer language appear in smart phone. i think you are doing the right things.
New Zealand's success in raising agricultural productivity has been accompanied by higher input use, leading to adverse effects on the environment. Until recently, analysis of farm performance has tended to ignore such negative externalities. The current emphasis on environmental issues has led dairy farmers to target improvements in both environmental performance and productivity. Therefore, measuring the environmental performance of farms and integrating this information into farm productivity calculations should assist in making informed policy decisions which promote sustainable development. However, this is a challenging process since conventional environmental efficiency measures are usually based on simple input and output flows but nitrogen discharge is a complex process affected by climate, pasture composition, cow physiology and geophysical variability. Furthermore, the outdoor pastoral nature of New Zealand farming means that it is difficult to control input and output flows, particularly of nitrogen. We present a novel approach to measure the environmental and economic efficiency of farms, using the Overseer nutrient budget model and spatially micro-simulated virtual population data. The empirical analysis is based on dairy farms in the Karapiro catchment, where nitrogen discharge from dairy farming is a major source of nonpoint pollution.
New Zealand's success in raising agricultural productivity has been accompanied by higher input use, leading to adverse effects on the environment. Until recently, analysis of dairy farm performance in New Zealand has often ignored undesirable effects on the environment [13], [14] and [17]. The eco efficiency study by Basset Mens et al. [3] provides a notable exception by indentifying farms which were both economically and environmentally efficient. This was achieved by including nitrogen discharges into the analysis of farm production and financial performance. This paper extends this approach and provides separate measures of economic, environmental and joint economic and environmental performance. The current emphasis on environmental issues has led dairy farmers to target improvements in both environmental performance and productivity. Therefore, measuring the environmental performance of farms and integrating this information into farm productivity calculations should allow farmers to benchmark their performance and assist policy makers to make informed decisions which promote sustainable development. The remainder of this section outlines our use of Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) and recent approaches to the measurement of environmental performance. We then outline some of the challenges in measuring dairy farm environmental efficiency. In Section 2 we detail the specification of the DEA model and our definitions of four different measures of efficiency (technical, economic, environmental and joint environmental and economic efficiency). This is followed by details of the empirical analysis (Section 3), results, implications and conclusions.
DEA efficiency scores are summarized in Table 3 with the cumulative frequency distributions for each measure being illustrated in Fig. 1. It can be seen that there are substantial differences in both the level and the distribution of efficiencies among farms. The average level of technical efficiency (0.82) suggests that in principle farms could reduce their input use by 18% and still maintain the existing level of output, or could increase output without increasing input use. However, attitudes towards risk and farmer skill levels may affect their ability and desire to achieve this sort of efficiency. The level of technical efficiency found here is similar to that estimated by Jaforullah and Whiteman [14] in 1999 (0.83). From Fig. 1 it can be seen that farms perform best according to the technical efficiency measure with more than 60% of farms achieving at least 80% efficiency.
Section for discussions about Election Candidates, Election Results, & Peoples Reactions to election results in Individual Electoral Wards of CANDOLIM.
Section for raising voices against Inappropriate Actions and/or Dissatisfactory Performance by the Panch of Individual Electoral Wards in CANDOLIM.
Section for discussing all Other Individual Ward specific topics in CANDOLIM that do not yet have a more relevant section.
The aim of the GOAT project is to create an application that will guide users, especially biomedical researchers, in the annotation of gene products with terms from the Gene Ontology. This will directly use the enriched DAML+OIL version of the Gene Ontology that is the result of the GONG project.
The GOAT project is funded by the Department of Trade and Industry (DTI) and the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council (EPSRC) as part of the UK e-Science programme.
The Library will CLOSE early  at 6 PM  on Wednesday, November 21 and will be CLOSED on Thursday & Friday, November 22 & 23 for Thanksgiving.
Singapore is now a very present day place and tries to do some things about the value of the training and laboratory. It is nice for the future of the students.
842 creating blockbusters how to generate and market hit entertainment for tv movies video games and books DOC
864 inducible plant proteins their biochemistry and molecular biology author john l wray published on january 2013 DOC
872 organizing solutions for people with adhd 2nd edition revised and updated tips and tools to help you take charge of your life and get organized DOC
876 the other african americans contemporary african and caribbean families in the united states DOC
885 plant nutrition food security and sustainability of agro ecosystems through basic and applied research developments in plant and soil sciences DOC
924 bundle an object oriented approach to programming logic and design 4th a guide to working with visual logic visual logic software printed access card DOC
928 lean green and healthy a fad free lifestyle manual for not just losing weight but also gaining health DOC
936 a study of practice issues in model based verification using the symbolic model verifier smv technical report carnegie mellon university software engineering institute DOC
951 housing as if people mattered site design guidelines for medium density family housing california series in DOC
975 high temperature guarded hot plate and pipe measurements 2nd operators workshop march 19 202012 co sponsored by astm committee c16 on thermal insulation DOC
989 find your path a short guide for living with purpose and being your own manno matter what people think DOC
1058 the project management office pmo as a pop up shop fast flexible and structured value for projects and programs DOC
1064 crystals crystal healing for beginners discover the amazing healing power of crystals and healing stones for health and well being DOC
1096 the oral and the written gospel the hermeneutics of speaking and writing in the synoptic tradition mark paul DOC
1100 kinns the medical assistant with icd 10 supplement an applied learning approach 12e medical assistant kinns DOC
1111 hardwiring excellence purpose worthwhile work making a difference by quint studer march 1 2004 paperback DOC
1112 genki an integrated course in elementary japanese ii second edition japanese edition english and japanese edition DOC
1120 a passion for society how we think about human suffering california series in public anthropology DOC
1179 student study guide and selected solutions manual for scientists engineers with modern physics vol 1 DOC
1183 fast boats and fast times memories of a pt boat skipper in the south pacific first edition by david levy gerald a meehl 2008 paperback DOC
1199 growing up pedro how the martinez brothers made it from the dominican republic all the way to the major leagues DOC
1212 saab 99 1969 79 all models owners workshop manual classic reprints series owners workshop manual DOC
1228 grab criminal law by the neck and pass e book e book authors of 6 published bar essays look inside DOC
1244 weird weather everything you didnt want to know about climate change but probably should find out DOC
1266 contemporary romance taken and ravaged by attila the hun contemporary romance historical romance college DOC
Hi! you have a great blog! please check out my blog and if you like, please follow me on Google Friend Connect & Bloglovin, I promise to do the same for you!
I am so tired. This is a quick post. On my birthday which was 3 day ago, on 25 th September, I was in Istanbul. Pictures bellow...
My photography hobby started in the late 70s when I bought my first camera. This was a Chinon SLR with a 50mm lens. I joined the photography group at my high school where I mainly made B/W pictures. The school had a darkroom where I developed the films and printed the pictures. In my last year at the school I contributed many pictures to the yearbook for the graduates.
After using the Chinon for 3 years I bought myself an Olympus OM-10, again with a 50mm lens. With this camera I made a lot of pictures of family, vacations and weddings (by request) but never really went out to explore and develop my own interests and style. A pity, but the costs for films, developing them and printing the pictures were a too heavy strain on my student budget. After my graduation from university I started to work and my photography moved to the background. Only the occasional family and vacation pictures using my Olympus OM-10 and later my new Canon EOS 650.
In the end of 2009 I started thinking serious about photography again. I decided to buy the Canon EOS 500D with the basic kit lens EFS 18-55mm. With this camera I started exploring the world of photography again and I found out that I still enjoyed it. I started experimenting with the camera and all of its features. I also started to read books and magazines to improve my understanding of all the technical aspects of digital photography and also to learn from other photographers. In May 2010 I was at a conference in Las Vegas after which I took a short vacation to explore Las Vegas (the Strip mainly) and Death Valley. Of course I had my 500D with me.
I took hundreds of pictures experimenting with all sorts of techniques and compositions. This experience made me decide to take my photography up to a next level. I enrolled in the Base Course of the Fotovakschool in Amsterdam. A 7-day course spread over 3 months where the main purpose was to have the students learn to take a good picture not by luck but by skills and understanding. The course had several assignments that explored different photography techniques and skills.
In 2011 I made a photo trip of two weeks together with a good friend of mine. We visited the Grand Canyon, Antelope Canyon, Monument Valley, Bryce Canyon, Death Valley and Las Vegas. Again the 500D went with me but now with a new set of lenses, the main one being the Canon EF-S 17-85mm IS. I took the opportunity to experiment with filters for photographing sunrises and sunsets. I used ND filters and gradual ND filters from Cokin.
I think this last photo trip showed me that landscape photography is what I enjoy most. This is also where I would like to do much more with. But this doesnt mean that I stay away from other areas of photography. To explore that more I decided to enroll in the 2 year Professional course at the Fotovakschool. This course focusses on making a living as a photographer. The modules and assignments focus on that. It is great fun to do.
In 2011 I also bought a new camera, the Canon EOS 5D Mark II. That is really a great camera. When in 2013 I did the series of the short track ice-skater I experienced one of the main drawbacks of the 5D Mark II which is the autofocus with fast moving objects. I needed to switch back to manual focus to get some real good shots of the ice-skater while going full speed through the corners. This made me decide to replace the Mark II with the 5D Mark III. That really makes a difference.
I now finished the professional course and interestingly I found that I feel very comfortable with event photography. My graduation project was about the trikers.
Turn your kitchen to one of the most beautiful places in your home by installing new hardware on your cabinets such as kitchen cabinet knobs and pulls. The best thing is you can install cabinet knobs and pulls cheaply and if you have just a little handyman in you can even install them yourself.
Instead of spending thousands of dollars to get brand new cabinets for your kitchen consider painting them. It is the most affordable option. You can choose from a wide variety of colors and effects to add new life to the room. Painted kitchen cabinets are a quick and amazing makeover for the kitchen but it does not stop there. Painted cabinets would update your other rooms also.
Professional kitchen builders specialize in kitchen designs and styles. Kitchen designers are almost everywhere nowadays. They cater to everything and have established agencies which are easily accessed by nearby residences who want to seek professional advice in the construction renovation or redesigning of their kitchens.
mobile kitchen cart kitchen island cart on wheels marble top kitchen cart wood kitchen cart moveable islands wood kitchen island cart metal kitchen island on wheels inexpensive kitchen islands stainless steel kitchen carts on wheels kitchen island set pre built kitchen islands square kitchen island rolling kitchen island with seating
Any content, trademarks, or other material that might be found on the Irseven : website that is not Irseven :s property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does Irseven : claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
Colors include: Navy Blue, Blue, Gray, Light Blue, Light Brown, Red, Brown. The primary colour is Navy Blue.
My latest Anime UK News review covers the final four episodes of the first series of Yuri!!! On Ice.
This entry was posted in Anime, Anime UK News, Review and tagged anime, anime review, Anime UK News, LGBT, Review, romance, shonen-ai, Sport, Yuri!!! On Ice by Ian Wolf. Bookmark the permalink.
While I may have be not be writing The Beginners Guide to Anime column for On The Box, I can still write the odd piece. As it is LGBT History Month in the UK, Ive written a piece about Yuri!!! On Ice for the website.
Posted in Anime, On The Box	| Tagged anime, feature, LGBT, LGBT History Month, On The Box, Yuri!!! On Ice	| Leave a reply
The band does have an anime connection  their song Forever Love was used as the theme song for the anime film version of Clamps X (The Beginners Guide to Anime, No. 70), but it is not mentioned in the documentary.
Posted in On The Box, Review	| Tagged documentary, Music, On The Box, Review, We Are X	| Leave a reply
First, some bad news. As might come across as obvious due to the fact that this post is not just a simple link to On The Box, OTB has told me to stop my column, The Beginners Guide to Anime because it is too niche for them. However, that doesnt mean I have to stop the column entirely. Thus The Beginners Guide to Anime will continue here, on my own personal blog.
Appropriately enough, this anime Ive picked to restart things looks at the anime fandom itself. Otaku no Video is a two-part Original Video Anime (OVA) which was released in 1991 by Gainax. This spoof is semi-autobiographical, partly drawing on the experiences of the team behind the series. It is also the first anime covered in this column to feature extensive use of live-action footage.
The story begins in 1982 and follows Kubo Takeshi, a successful guy with a girlfriend, whose skilful at tennis, and who after taking a year off is about to go to university. While out on the town one night he gets stuck in a lift with a group of otakus  a group of geeky obsessives with a deep passion for anime among other things. One of the people in the group is Kubos old high school friend Tanaka Naeo, and later Kubo finds him at his new college: in cosplay, dressed up as Char Aznable from Mobile Suit Gundam (No. 2). After some pressure Kubo begins to take an interest in anime and manga, and Tanaka introduces again to the guys he met in the lift, who are Tanakas closest friends.
Over the coming months, Kubo develops a passion for otaku culture. He drops out of the college, gives up on tennis, ends up having no job, and is eventually dumped by his girlfriend. However, he doesnt give up wishing to know more about the otaku way of life. What frustrates him is peoples prejudices about otakus. This leads him to decide to start his own business with Tanaka to overturn these views, with his ultimate ambition to become the greatest otaku of all, the otaking. These events are covered in the second episode which starts in 1985, with Kubo creating and losing successful multi-million yen business, leading to his plan to create an otaku-themed amusement park, before strangely ending in a flooded, ruined Tokyo in 2035, with Kubo, Tanaka and friends planning to take otaku culture into space.
However, this is only half the story. While this jolly, anime story is played along, throughout both episodes there are cut-in life-action scenes from a mockumentary called Portrait of an Otaku. It features current and former otakus with pixelated faces and distorted voices talking about their love of otaku culture. They include an office worker who is embarrassed to talk about his love of cosplay, a criminal who steals animation cels and sells them on, a man who travelled to America to assemble the greatest video collection, and a porn obsessive who claims to have invented glasses to remove the pixels from censored porn and is seen masturbating in his interview. All of these people are actually Gainax staff acting.
Otaku no Video thus contains a mixture of different styles and emotions. The animated sequences tell the story of an otaku who becomes successful and makes the culture accepted, while the Portrait of an Otaku segments mock all the negative aspects of the fandom. Not everyone saw the funny side of it however, with many otaku at the time complaining that it misrepresented them, although it was a parody.
One of the best things about Otaku no Video is enjoying the way so many anime series get referenced and spoofed. Not only is the Gundam cosplay, but there are similar moments involving Space Pirate Captain Harlock (No. 107) and Lupin III (No. 90). The period storytelling feature segments feature scenes such as Kubo and his friends spending the night outside a cinema waiting to see the 1984 premier of Nausica of the Valley of the Wind (No. 38). There are also references to other Gainax works: there is mention of Royal Space Force: The Wings of Honnamise (No. 105); when Kubo and Tanaka design their character for their own OVA, the characters mascots look like King, the pet lion cub of the title character in Nadia: The Secret of Blue Water (No. 112); and in one of the Portrait of an Otaku sequences there is a man playing an adult video game featuring one of the characters from Gunbuster (No. 24).
However, I think that not only does Otaku no Video reference anime of the past, but there are other anime that are partly influenced by it. In the final scene, when Kubo and his friends go to space, their rocket is shaped like a huge conical drill. Years later, Gainaxs over-the-top mecha series Gurren Lagann (No. 50) feature mecha armed with such drills. Some people even claim that part of Gurren Laganns main character, Simon, are influenced by Kubo, partly because both stories take a gap of several years in which the characters develop.
Otaku no Video is a short collection, with each of the two episodes lasting 50 minutes, but it is a wonderful anime to watch because it mixes so many things. It is not that surprising that it is so popular, to the extent that when a region-free Blu-Ray release of the series was proposed on Kickstarter it more than doubled its target.
Posted in Anime, The Beginner's Guide to Anime	| Tagged anime, Gainax, Gundam, Gurren Lagann, Lupin III, Lupin the Third, Mobile Suit Gundam, Nadia: The Secret of Blue Water, Nausica of the Valley of the Wind, On The Box, otaku, Otaku no Video, Royal Space Force: The Wings of Honnamise, Space Pirate Captain Harlock, The Beginner's Guide to Anime, The Wings of Honnamise	| Leave a reply
The last Begnners Guide to Anime was Hayao Miyazakis short film Panda! Go, Panda! It is also the last one Ill be writing for On The Box as they have stopped to column (it was considered too niche for a mainstream TV website), so from now on the Beginners Guide while move to here.
Posted in Anime, On The Box, The Beginner's Guide to Anime	| Tagged anime, Hayao Miyazaki, On The Box, Panda! Go Panda!, short film, The Beginner's Guide to Anime	| Leave a reply
Posted in Anime, On The Box, The Beginner's Guide to Anime	| Tagged anime, cycling, On The Box, road cycling, Sport, Sports anime, The Beginner's Guide to Anime, Yowamushi Pedal	| Leave a reply
Posted in On The Box, The Beginner's Guide to Anime	| Tagged anime, On The Box, Ping Pong, Sport, table tennis, The Beginner's Guide to Anime	| Leave a reply
With customized services to meet your needs, no project is too big or too small. Heres how we break out our services, with relevant projects to check out.
Our project portfolio offers just a glimpse at the scope of our experience and expertise. Weve tackled all kinds of challenges, and we know how to tackle yours.
BHC RHODES has been exceptional to work with, and they are responsive and do as promised. When conflicts arise they are there to ensure the problem is solved and do so in an expedient manner to keep the project moving. I highly recommend them to anyone who needs staking, big or small. The whole staff is a pleasure to work with.
BHC RHODES is a staple in the engineering community and continues to push the envelope in innovation.
Ive found BHC RHODES to be knowledgeable regarding city planning and development requirements. They are consistently responsive, cooperative, communicative and proactive regarding work progress updates and schedules.
In our experience with BHC RHODES, they take the time and have the depth of understanding to consider the bigger picture. Some firms cant see outside their defined scope of services. BHC RHODES is a partner interested in the overall success of the project.
BHC RHODES overall is one of the most professional engineering firms Ive ever had the privilege of working with. They are excellent at communications on a weekly basis with project updates.
I know I can always count on the civil engineering team at BHC RHODES to produce top-tier work in a timely fashion. Their charismatic, dedicated work ethics have made this business relationship undoubtedly strong.
We need to change the perception of the AEC industry to show the impact we have on the world every day. The infrastructure market and delivery of solutions to our clients has long been overlooked. Our mission is to set ourselves apart as a profession where people want to come +
There are a lot of tough decisions to consider when beginning new infrastructure projects. Choosing a reputable engineering firm shouldnt be one of them. The decision to choose a firm is not always based on a firms culture, trustworthiness or customer service, but we suggest it should be. We +
BHC RHODES is proud to announce the newest landscape architect to the team. Ninah Butler passed the Kansas Landscape Architect Registration Examination (LARE) in September. Earlier this year, Butler was appointed to the PGASLA Executive Committee. +
Were involved in our communities through a variety of charities our team believes in. Learn more on the About Us page.
Providing the level of service were committed to takes great talent. Thats why we promote a progressive work environment with constant growth opportunities. With continuing education, professional development, competitive benefits programs, and diversity all core to how we build teams, we position our customers for success by positioning our employees for success.
Pensamos que sus vacaciones y su salud estn en primer lugar, es por eso, que Ibizamassage va al lugar que prefiera, barcos, casas, hoteles o en la playa,nosotros vamos con todo el equipamiento necesario, slo tiene que relajarse y disfrutar.
Ralls County Sheriffs deputies say two females are safe after being trapped against a fence by pit bulls Wednesday morning.
Deputies say the women were working with their horses in a pasture when the unrestrained dogs began to attack them. As deputies arrived and tried to rescue the women, sheriffs reports say one of the animals attempted to attack the deputies.
The aggressive animal was euthanized on the scene. One dog fled and the other was returned to its enclosure by the sheriffs department.
Research on a set of words known as 'discourse markers' (DMs), like the English expressions you know, I mean, like, so, well has flourished during that last two decades, with many studies of English discourse markers having been undertaken. However, studies of discourse markers in other languages have been relatively few in comparison, and research into discourse markers of second language learners has received even less attention. Kurdi's research investigates the use of English discourse markers utilised by Syrian Arabic-speaking university students.
There are instances where these second language learners show ability to use English discourse markers in a native like way (example 1), while in some other cases they used some English markers in different ways to that of native speakers (examples 2 and 3). Example 4 is an instance of intense language contact where speaker failed to separate the two systems.
In example (1) so is used by the learner as it would be used by a native speaker of English. M is the interviewer and R is the interviewee.
R 6 coz they've been there for now fourteen fifteen years in England so their English is better than their Arabic.
In this example speaker R uses so in line 6 to mark a causal relationship between two parts of the sentence; the fact that the nieces of speaker R have been living in England for a long time (around fifteen years) is the reason why their English is better than their Arabic despite the fact that they are born to Arabic parents. This usage of so is well recognized in English when it marks a fact-based result.
M 1 h-how do you manage to find the time you work do you have a fulltime job I mean how do you manage to find the time to study with your fulltime job?
3 "ok you are you aren't allowed to attend the course of Diploma, you aren't allowed to go for Japanese language"
5 so my Japanese course start at three o'clock I need about half hour half an hour to reach here the centre.
In the example above the usage of so in line 5 does not match with any of the functions of so in the English language. So may mark a result, an inference, a summary, a main idea unit, among other functions. 'my Japanese course start at three o'clock' is not an inference, a result, or a summary of 'our work time from eight o'clock to three thirty' .The speaker here is simply using so as a connector regardless of whether it is suitable in this context or not.
A 1 the British council they told us don't take anything except your umbrella, you can buy anything from there but if you are out of the airport, and the rain.
2 so I bring it from Syria but you know I was there in summer when I try to bring it it was summer so I had a lot of trouble to find an umbrella coz until now I think we don't have winter or we don't have rain.
3 it is November started so I bought it in June, you can imagine that nobody has it, so why he wants it?
This is another example of so being used none natively. Prior to this piece of discourse the interviewer had seen the interviewee carrying an umbrella with him. She told him that she was glad to see that he did not forget his umbrella.
In segments (2) both instances of so indicate a cause-result relationship between the utterance before and after it. Because they told him that an umbrella is the first thing he is going to need in England (cause), he bought one from Syria (effect). In the same manner, the fact that it was summer at the time he had to buy an umbrella (cause) caused him a lot of trouble (effect). The problem arises in segment (3). In (3) he wanted to go back to the main argument (that buying an umbrella in June was difficult given the fact that at the time of speaking it was November and there was no rain in Syria). But that does not work in English. English does not allow choosing one function and ignoring the other. His imperfect English competence in this example, gives him the license to pick and choose one function of so (back-referencing) and to ignore another (what follows is related to what preceded). The sentence 'it is November started so I bought it in June' is odd to native speakers of English.
J 18 er let me then tell you something if you want to er to improve your conversation you must speak with strangers er I think ya'ni er I mean er for er English people native speakers er it's the way to improve your conversation and if you want to learn English er you can learn it by er read read a lot of books er read more and more and to see er some TV programmes and er films but the only way to improve your er conversation is to speak with native speakers.
This example is an interesting instance of language contact in the area of discourse markers. The speaker in line 18 failed to separate the two systems, Arabic and English. She uses the Arabic discourse marker ya'ni instead of the English I mean. She, however, is aware of her deviating from the code of the interview which is English and this is obvious from her immediate correction.
bed and bath lets go to decorate your bathroom with theme halloween h20 scene rugs bully,where to buy halloween bathroom sets best ideas on scary decor bath towels,halloween bathroom decor amazon towels scene best images on,halloween bathroom decor kohls where to buy sets bath towels door,cheap halloween bathroom decor decorations pictures of rugs where to buy sets,halloween 2007 bathroom scene decor sets unique set accessories,second chances girl a family and lifestyle blog simple halloween bathroom towels decorating ideas bath,scary halloween bathroom ideas hand towels page bloody rugs,halloween bathroom decor target 16 piece set where to buy sets new decoration ideas,bathroom accessories medium size halloween h20 scene towels where to buy sets.
Arabic Bulgarian Czech Danish Dutch English Estonian Finnish French German Greek Hebrew Hindi Hungarian Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Latvian Lithuanian Norwegian Polish Portuguese Romanian Slovak Slovenian Spanish Swedish Thai Turkish
In any case, to prepare for such a holiday should be with the participation of the hero of the occasion.You can start with inventing holiday themes, for example, the characters of Disney cartoons.Well suited the theme of favorite cartoon or movie for children's birthdays.
child himself should choose games for his birthday.There category of games that will make the holiday fun and memorable, and there that can kill any fun.For this, please specify if your child likes the proposed game, as he knows better, what can cheer up his friends.If the game did not like, simply cross off their list.The celebration also can use educational toys.
Watch for children. If any game is not liked or are sluggish, then immediately stop playing it and move on to another game on the list.So the mood of the children will not have time to deteriorate.
Be prepared. All games must be fully prepared for the holiday.Make sure that you know well how to play in a particular game.
osers. on holiday should all have fun.In your plan is that each participant celebrations went home with a smile?Then, such a concept, as a loser, should have no place at the festival.If you are in any way encourage the winner, while the other participants need to give small prizes, too, for example, for candy.And at the end of the holiday is required to give each guest a small packet of sweets.
Catch the ball. Children who take part in the game, stand in a circle and considered.The player whose number is the maximum, goes to the center of the circle and into his hands given the ball, it becomes the master.Throwing the ball, leading the number of calls, and the participant with that number needs to catch the ball.If a participant has caught the ball, then repeat the procedure leading to the different number and participant, if the ball is not caught, the player who did not manage to catch the ball, it becomes the master.
target. Each participant is given one ball.A poster with the markings and designated center, hangs on one wall of the room.Buttons or small needles stuck in the back of the poster.There the line from which the players have to hit the target.Babies inflated balls, and not tying ball, try to hit the target.The closer to hit the target, the more the player gets points.For this entertainment in your baby Birthday recommended divided into teams and each team to determine the color of the ball.
Who am I? When kids come to visit you, stick them on the back of a picture of a pet or some object and ask to ask each other questions that can be answered only "yes" or "no" toto find out who painted them in the picture.Ask the first question, "I - an animal or an object?" When the celebration comes to an end, build a number of children and ask them what is still painted on their backs.Options in the picture below can be a horse, cow, duck, train, etc.
Fruit basket". Count how many participants will play, and put in the middle of the room number of seats, one less than the number of children.One of the participants becomes the center and the rest said, "I thank you for ..." (for example, for white socks), and children who have white socks should change places with each other.Anyone who does not have time to sit out of the game, and the last who managed to find a free chair, stands up and says to the center on "I am thankful for ...".With the reduction of members, the number of chairs is also reduced.
freeze. Put some music that all the children will dance.And then you need to stand still in a position in which they were at the time of the termination of sounding music.Any participant, who will continue to dance after the music stopped, or if he could not stand still in the same position, out of the game.The latter, who is not out of the game wins.
Imagine how much? Make room in a bank or other dishes of candy, balls or other small items, and have the kids guess how many items in the bank.The player who guesses the number or call the number closest to the number of items in a container.
in children's parties on the occasion of the birthday of your child must attend the game.If a program other than delicious food and other entertainment events will include games involving the children themselves, the friends your child will have fun even more, and the holiday will be a success.Children are easy enough to cheer, and, thus, for the organization of gaming and entertainment, you do not need big investments.Actually, you do not need to invest money in it!
The Nebelung cat is the longhaired variety of the Russian Blue cat. The name Nebelung is German and means creature of the mist, which is a reference to the cats silvery-blue coat that seems to float over his body.
This cat breed was developed by Cora Cobb of the Nebelheim Cattery. Cobb was inspired by a kitten named Siegfried, the only longhaired blue kitten in a litter fathered by a longhaired black cat and born to a black domestic shorthair named Elsa. A next litter produced a female longhaired blue kitten whom Cobb named Brunhilde.
Siegfried and Brunhilde became the start of a new breeding program and produced their first litter in 1986. Russian Blues that carried the gene for long hair were imported from eastern Europe in the late 1980s and contributed to the development of the breed. The International Cat Association gave the cats New Breed status in 1987 and full recognition in 1997. Nebelungs can be outcrossed to Russian Blues. The Nebelung is also recognized by the Cat Fanciers Federation and the Traditional Cat Association.
The Nebelung has a good reputation as a gentle, quiet cat, somewhat shy, but dont get the wrong idea. This cat may have a reserved nature, but he loves to play (being especially fond of retrieving) and enjoys jumping or climbing to high places where he can study people and situations at his leisure before making up his mind about whether he wants to get involved. Guests will not receive his immediate attention and may never see him unless he decides they are worthy of his notice, but toward family members, especially his favored person, he is ever loyal, following them through the house and even riding on a shoulder. The Nebelung is a sensitive cat who doesnt like to be ignored and will be hurt if he doesnt receive the same amount of affection he gives. Lack of attention can cause him to become anxious or fearful.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 April 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 July 2015 June 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014
John and (mainly) George, interviewed in George's Manhattan hotel room (apparently) on 20th December 1974 (again apparently); broadcast the following day on NYC station KHJ AM.
I think the tape is a little slower than it should be - or else something has made George sound particularly lugubrious (not that there's anything wrong with that).
Relations were a little spiky by that point, as can be heard, though there is an amusing moment when John asks (referring to Ringo) "Who was the other one?" and George replies "Bert". I need not explain, I trust.
Man, it leaves me with a bittersweet feeling listening to those two guys talking. Wish they had managed to keep their friendship going through the 70s.
This Phones are brand new, original, factory unlocked and ready to be use with any network provider (Sim card) without any activation required, with 2 years international warranty
Kenyon Law Associates is a full-service Law Firm located in the beautiful coastal town of South Kingstown, Rhode Island.
We are a full service law firm that offers a broad range of legal services. Our goal is to provide the highest quality legal services to you or your business.
1295 american medical association manual of style a guide for authors and editors ama 9th edition by association the american medical published by williams wilkins hardcover DOC
1345 evangelicals and tradition the formative influence of the early church evangelical ressourcement ancient sources DOC
1346 tax planning and compliance for tax exempt organizations tax planning and compliance for tax exempt organizations DOC
1352 introduction to aircraft aeroelasticity and loads introduction to aircraft aeroelasticity and loads DOC
1366 the sanctity of marriage handbook the ultimate guide to marriage between a man and a woman featuring those DOC
1367 design and analysis of cross over trials second edition chapman and hall or crc monographs on statistics and applied DOC
1375 student solutions manual for university physics with modern physics by wolfgang bauer 2010 07 20 DOC
1419 concepts of symbiogenesis a historical and critical study of the research of russian botanists bio origins series DOC
1426 stop the thyroid madness ii how thyroid experts are challenging ineffective treatments and improving the lives DOC
1441 consumer centric category management how to increase profits by managing categories based on consumer needs DOC
1471 more money for retirement right now unlock the equity in your assets create immediate income and live a richer DOC
1477 political ideologies and political parties in america cambridge studies in public opinion and political psychology DOC
1499 the gift of adhd activity book 101 ways to turn your childs problems into strengths companion companion DOC
1552 report on the incident to boeing 737 2y5a 95 aba at london gatwick airport on 20 october 1993 aircraft accident DOC
1553 from machine to machine to the internet of things introduction to a new age of intelligence DOC
1555 warrior origins the historical and legendary links between bodhidharma shaolin kung fu karate and ninjutsu DOC
1569 fostering volunteer programs in the public sector planning initiating and managing voluntary activities jossey DOC
1575 greetings from route 66 the ultimate road trip back through time along americas main street DOC
1601 how to write fundraising materials that raise more money how to write fundraising materials that raise more money DOC
1605 capoeira conditioning how to build strength agility and cardiovascular fitness using capoeira movements by taylor gerard author paperback 2005 DOC
1642 blackberry storm2 made simple written for storm 9500 and 9530 and the storm2 9520 9530 and 9550 blackberry storm2 made simple written for storm 9500 and 9530 and the storm2 9520 9530 and 9550 by trautschold martin author sep 01 2010 pap DOC
1676 the looting of america how wall streets game of fantasy finance destroyed our jobs pensions and prosperity and DOC
1678 americans in waiting the lost story of immigration and citizenship in the united states americans in waiting the lost story of immigration and citizenship in the united states DOC
1723 not for esol teachers what every classroom teacher needs to know about the linguistically culturally and ethnically diverse student 2nd edition DOC
1733 nlp the ultimate tool formaking friends persuading people and rapidly developing rapport with them DOC
1737 the international students survival guide how to get the most from studying at a uk university sage study skills DOC
1771 the written image japanese calligraphy and painting from the sylvan barnet and william burto collection DOC
1811 managing in the discomfort zone how to deal with sensitive difficult and unpleasant situations business solutions DOC
Your local librarians have profiles in our catalog (BiblioCommons) to share our interests, what were reading and to create even more recommendation lists. Follow and like our profiles and learn more about getting social on our catalog.
Yep, Adventure Software, LLC ( gocomlive ) is a fully PCI DDS compliant level 3 service provider. In a growing effort to preserve the integrity and security of our software subscribers, GoComLive! has met and surpassed all standards as outlined by the PCI Security Standards council.
PCI Compliance security standards or as the term is sometimes more specifically referred to as the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council. The council originally formed by: American Express, Discover Financial Services, JCB International, MasterCard Worldwide and Visa International, with the goal of managing the ongoing evolution of the Payment Card Industry Security Standard.
Every party or software that participates in the credit card processing chain must meet the compliance requirements. Typically this includes, the merchant, the website software, which collects the credit card data from the customer, the Payment Gateway and Merchant Account, which process the credit card, and the data center infrastructure on which the online storefront and gateway reside.
GoComLive's Data Center maintains a state of the art, SAS70, SOX, CISP/PCI compliant environment. With up-to-date security equipment, robust firewalls and sophisticated physical security, to fully protects all sensitive data.
GoComLive! is a 100% SaaS (software-as-a-service) online service which maintains a secure network for all of our customers, and you as a merchant, can feel safe at all times using the GoComLive! software service. The GoComLive! software system rigorously adheres to a quarterly PCI scan which assures our continued PCI compliance as we are committed to you, our merchant, and to your customers online security.
It was a lovely relaxed Christmas at home. It was a smaller group this year as we have family overseas and out of state.
The boys laid out their Santa sacks and left some treats out for Santa and his reindeers. I love that there is still belief in the Christmas magic in the house.
Hydrangeas always say Summer and Christmas to me so I kept things simple with several bunches of them in the middle of the table, a faux garland weaved around them and a few gold baubles.
Our Christmas cocktail this year was a combination of gin, elderflower cordial, lemon juice and soda water. I had a few requests for the recipe and the quantities we used for our mason jars.
All the trimmings for lunch. Pork, crackling, turkey, roast veggies, corn, potato gratin, stuffing balls and fresh bread rolls. Gravy, apple sauce + cranberry sauce on the side.
Noah especially loved the Christmas crackers this year and was very keen to hear all of the jokes inside! The jokes were as still as corny as ever!
You will find all kinds of suggesting my wifey to another fellow quality vids related to Stockings adult tube. Biggest collection of sex tubes like watch my wifecfuck another man below in the related porn tube videos.
A chaste wifey is asked by her spouse who has cheating wishes to tempt another fellow she039_s pummeled by the man039_s rock solid salami until she ejaculations over and over again
The chaste wifey who was told by her spouse to seduce another dude in a scorching spring inn while on holiday and was made to ejaculation repeatedly by the stiff shaft of a guy who wasn039_t her hubby 2
Her hubby put a purity belt on her and obliged her to go sans fuck-a-thon she039_s thirsty for knob and hops on another man039_s spear
Manhood flash to fucky-fucky maniac aunty she didt go even she observed my currency-shot on terrace i seize last min only
Following was posted by Faith & D Entertainment on their Facebook page: This announcement has not been made by C-jes, so a concert in S...
Jaejoong: #keep_the_faith Jaejoong: Opened the lemon tea I received as a gift~ Credits: Shared by: DBSKnights
Interview by Rachel (MrCKDexter) Photos by Anthony Cabaero Touring with JYJ in America and performing in the JYJ Worldwide Showcase ...
Words  A letter Jaejoong wrote for the members. You are my tattoo is a letter Jaejoong wrote for the members during their fourth album....
It is our sworn duty as Knights to protect TVXQ and JYJ and spread the Dong Bang love to fans around the world.
The Report the Abuse project, led by Megan Nobert, is expanding its research and advocacy campaign and is being joined by Michelle Grover. Michelle, who has an MSc in Global Health, comes to us from her recent internship at the Women, Peace and Security Network. Welcome Michelle!
Many governments around the world are thinking critically about their international investment treaties and international investment policy, spurred in part by growing public pressure and debate about how to best attract and govern multinational enterprises.
increase investment flows and, more specifically, whether induced flows are the types of investment they want. States are also
Karnatakastat.com is now providing facility to create various charts and India's map with state boundaries and created charts can be saved in .jpg, .pdf and .png file formats and maps in .png file format.
Come aboard the Battleship Iowa to learn about the history of this great ship and the technology that made it all possible!
Haworth designs and manufactures product solutions that help you create inspiring spaces where people can perform their bestat work, on the go, and at home.
From floor to ceiling, and wall to wall, our mix of products offers you endless options for transforming your space as your needs evolve.
RAWALPINDI: Pakistan has the highest number of drug addicts in the world, said Director Anti-Narcotic Force Anwar Hafeez.
He was addressing a seminar on Role of public representatives and civil society against drug abuse here Tuesday at a local hotel. The seminar was held as part of an anti-drug campaign launched by Rawalpindi Arts Council.
Anwar said according to a survey conducted in 2001, the total number of drug addicts in Pakistan was around four million, out of which half a million were chronic heroine addicts. He added that injecting drugs was a major cause of spread of HIV/AIDS among the younger generation and if not checked, could lead to an epidemic.
Highlighting the functions of the Anti-Narcotics Force, he said the force also played a role in reducing demand reduction of drugs in the country.
Anwar expressed concern regarding the rehabilitation facilities provided to drug abusers. He believes that the existing facilities should be upgraded with better staff, including a psychologist.
This problem cannot be solved by one organisation alone, citizens should also cooperate and help promote the anti-drug campaign, he said. Potohar Town Nazim Hamid Nawaz Raja reinforcing what Anwar Hafeez said announced that he would look into the matter of improving the rehabilitation facilities.
Special Advisor to Punjab Chief Minister Raja Mohammad Nasir, who was the chief guest, also addressed the gathering. He pointed out that the prevalence of drug abuse was higher in rural and remote areas where people lacked information. He said there was a need to create awareness in these areas.
Raja Nasir announced that the government would soon launch an anti-drug campaign which would be carried out at all levels. Seminars would be held starting from the first week of July at the district level to educate people in rural areas about the harmful affects of drug abuse. He also said the government was ready to grant funds for promotion of the anti-drug campaign started by Rawalpindi Arts Council.
The CDA has assigned the task of the projects designing to Engineering Associates who also prepared the design of the under construction underpass at Kulsoom Plaza Chowk  also in Blue Area.
CDA sources said the design of the flyover-cum-underpass would be finalised within the next two months and contract for construction work would be awarded to the contractor to be selected from the already short-listed firms.
The sources said as per concept of the plan, the traffic would ply on three levels. An official said the part of flyover of the project would be required for smooth flow of traffic on Jinnah Avenue. A CDA official said the project  starting sometime in September  would be completed in six months while its actual cost would be known once the design is finalised.
It has been learnt that the Authority would have to shift the service lines passing through the intersection to start the project. The CDA is already spending Rs100 million on shifting service lines from Kulsoom Chowk and almost the same amount will be required to re-located service lines from Faisal Avenue.
The Authority has reserved Rs490 million for the project of the Kulsoom Plaza underpass while funds have also been allocated for the project of flyover-cum-underpass at Faisal Avenue Chowk. Sources said the CDA would also start work on construction of underpass at China Chowk in the financial year 2006-07.
Through the haze of a dim-lit, smoke-filled room, 50 or so men, apparently in their 20s and wearing just-out-of-bed T-shirts and jeans, are visible reclining casually against cushions on the floor. A few of them, sporting long hair falling limply over their shoulders and goatees of different styles, are moving their heads in rhythm to the sound of an acoustic guitar. Another, who looks around 18 and has experimented liberally with gel on his short spiky hair, sits with his back against the wall, a single bullet hanging on a black thread around his neck and a thick, studded, leather band on his wrist. All are intensely focused on three people sitting on a sofa in the middle of the room, playing music on a bongo, an acoustic guitar and a bass guitar.
Lets see how many of you have heard this one, says a young, confident voice from the middle of the sofa, making the small audience raise some fresh hoots and applause as the guitar abruptly picks pace towards a familiar number. Soon, the crowd is on its feet, repeating the high-pitched chorus, some jumping and banging their heads aggressively against the air. The aura is explosive; the youngsters gathered are hardcore fans. Its an underground rock jam session in a small room on the upper floor of a caf in Islamabad.
Having shed its quiet image, a new, Metallica-styled face of Islamabad is slinging on a guitar and a pair of torn jeans after school and work, and keeping the music savvy youth of the city rocking away into the night.
It comes as no surprise that the city that proudly gave us Vital Signs two decades ago  a band titled as the pioneer of pop music in Pakistan  is brimming with the talent of young, eager musicians. Irtaash, Lahu, Corduroy, Nafs, Saturn and Needlework, to name a few underground rock bands in Islamabad, have quite a number of concerts to their credit, each struggling with nothing more than the strings on their guitars and self-trained vocals to attain rockstardom.
Underground bands, typically known in the West for their contempt for commercial success, a music style that appeals to a non-mainstream, cult-like audience, and at times, linkages with political movements, call for total redefinition in this part of the world. Here, bands remain underground only because financial constraints, lack of contacts, sponsorships and media attention, and discouragement from parents cause them to remain smothered down there. Most Western UG bands prefer remaining proudly unheard of by the larger audience; here, UG bands long for popularity and success. Because of this fundamental difference, UG rock music in Pakistan, unlike Western UG rock, which is more free and at times bizarre due to its rejection of specific genre labelling, sounds more or less the same as mainstream rock.
Its the dream of every underground band in Pakistan to record an album. If you dont want to go commercial, you might as well sit in your room and play your guitar to yourself, says Junaid Waheed, 29, lead vocalist of the band Lahu and a business graduate, currently working as a regional sales manager at a telecom company.
Others, like Aashir Irfan, 19, bassist of the band Saturn and a student of ACCA, feel that the notion of selling out by going commercial that applies to UG bands in the West is relevant here as well, but only if you compromise what you do best just to develop a popular following.
If an underground rock band starts making pop music just to get on TV, thats selling out. The band Corduroy released an English rock album two years back and sales did not sky-rocket, but at least they stuck to what they do best, says Aashir.
These young musicians might lack finances and acknowledgment from the mainstream crowd, but the one thing they claim they do not lack is passion.
Junaid, with his zero-cut hairstyle (an almost shaved head), a French beard and spectacles, explains with ease of manners how his love for music landed him a gig at Bahria University in 1999, which gave his fellow musicians and him the idea of forming a band. The newly formed band circulated pamphlets around the university, asking students to suggest a suitable name. The result was Lahu.
Lahu is the essence of life, he explained, with a hint of pride in his voice. Yasir Jaswal, 23, lead vocalist of Irtaash and a student of BBA, practised his vocals from an early age by singing along old Indian songs of Kishore Kumar. His clean, pressed shirt, neatly trimmed hair, and boyish looks contrast with his aspirations of becoming a rock star.
I make music for myself  to let go of my emotions. If people can connect with it, my job is done, he said with a voice full of passion. The term Irtaash means vibrations produced by waves, he continued. Our first performance was at a function at FAST University, which we did for free because the organisers couldnt get any other band and we wanted the exposure.
The band performed their song Kali Raatain (Dark Nights) at the function, which was an instant hit among those present. Now, 5 years later, they have finally released a video of the same song on Indus Music and The Musik a feat that was no picnic for a struggling UG band from Islamabad.
UG bands have not been able to get the exposure they deserve. Whatever they are doing, they are doing it on their own. If a band finally manages to get a video on IM, it wont be run very often unless you actually go to Karachi to make sure it is, said Junaid.
There are very good rock bands in Islamabad  the problem is that to get some attention, most have to shift to Karachi and now Lahore. Vital Signs was an Islamabad-based band but had to move to Karachi  as did Junoon, which was from Lahore, he continued.
Money is unanimously cited as the biggest hurdle on the way to commercial success. Recording studios are out of reach of the pocket of a typical UG band, since recording a single song costs much more than what they make from one concert. Consequently, whatever they make is usually spent on upgrading their equipment.
But perhaps all these issues would not be so painful to swallow if it werent for the lack of one of the most sought after elements in the world of show business: Respect.
Not getting money for our performance doesnt feel as bad as not getting respect. Organisers often cancel commitments at the last minute if they find a band that will perform for a lesser amount or for free. Once, an organiser bluntly asked us to leave after we had finished playing at an event, said Yasir, with a trace of bitterness.
A band that performs the opening act at a concert is immediately categorised as mediocre, the crowd is also unsympathetic towards newcomers in the music scene, not willing to applaud or appreciate no matter how impressive the performance is, and the ultimate letdown is when a rock band is requested by a coarse crowd to play Bhangra.
The mainstream crowd is mostly attracted to Bhangra and pop music and doesnt appreciate the talent of rock musicians, said Jonathan Jones, 21, lead guitarist of the band Nafs and a student of Bachelors.
Gradually, however, the crowds taste is becoming more refined, says Aashir. Thanks to Call and EP  prior UG bands from Lahore but now household names among young music lovers  an appetite for rock music is steadily developing.
Luckily, UG rock bands from Islamabad are more successful in developing a small, intensely loyal fan-following as compared to those from Lahore and Karachi, where large numbers of mega-famous bands make the crowd less patient towards unfamiliar performers.
Islamabad has really good underground rock bands. My favourite is Corduroy and Lahu, said Bilal Abbas, an 18-year-old A levels student from Islamabad who claims to avidly follow local UG rock music.
The performances of these UG bands, attended mostly by fellow musicians and word-of-mouth crowd wanting to party and head-bang (a popular practice among heavy metal fans involving aggressive shaking of the head, preferably if one has long hair, along with the music), take place at different venues around the city, including Islamabad Club and Lok Virsa, where NGOs and other private organisations arrange Rock Fests (performances by four or five bands), Planet X, where they perform on self-financed basis, schools, universities and local events, where they sometimes play free-of-charge just for the exposure, and the only venue in the city that asks for no money or contacts for practising in front of a live audience: Civil Junction.
The small caf in F-7, with its casual, simple interior, perfect for lounging about on lazy days and a pretty patch of trees outside beneath which one enjoy the tit-bits offered by the famous, quirky menu card, has become such a crucial element of support for these young musicians that most of them refer to it almost reverently. Arshad Bhatti, owner of Civil Junction, says that he offered this platform because he believes that Islamabad is capable of producing brilliant rock stars.
Known among the locals as tree girl for uncanny resemblance of its branches and leaves to a maidens hair, this marvel of nature stands prominent among the remains of the ancient Buddhist city of Bhir Mound (600-200BC), situated a few metres from Taxila Museum.
Monazza Talha @Zeeshan  Good to see that you found it interesting. :-) @A for [pine] apple  Thanks...
Pakistan Hour Since the time I have read this article, I am now starting noticing every signal on my way :D
How To Design A Home Beauty Salon is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Happy New Year Everyone! With a brand new year upon us, its time to get more organized and make a plan to accomplish our goals! These planners, calendars and organizers are just what you need to get the job done! Click on the pictures or descriptions below and youll be redirected to Amazon where you can purchase these great products or find more like them!
Heres to a successful new year where were all more organized and equipped to reach our goals  Cheers!
Hi Lori! These look great as Im a big planner! So many to choose from so no excuse not to be organised. Thanks for sharing with us at #BloggingGrandmothersLinkParty.
Wow, love all of these planners and calendars. And that dirty/clean magnet for the dishwasher would be a lifesaver, We keep rewashing the same load because my PC will add a dirty fork to a clean load of dishes. Ha! Going to pin some of these organizers. Thanks for sharing.
Shes finally free from The Reestablishment, free from their plan to use her as a weapon, and free to love Adam. But Juliette will never be free from her lethal touch.
In this exhilarating sequel to Shatter Me, Juliette has to make life-changing decisions between what she wants and what she thinks is right. Decisions that might involve choosing between her heartand Adams life.
Unlimited Coverage Engagement Session Photo Album Digital Release (For more information - contact us!)
Wedding Day 2 Photographers 10 hours of coverage 1 Engagement session - 2 hours + up to 2 locations 1 Hardcover photo book - Size: 11 x 8.25 3 4x4 bordered prints All rights to your photos 1 8GB USB stick with 500 - 1000 edited, high resolution images for print + web use *Travel fees may apply*
2 Wedding Forever Certified Photographers Style of your choice 8 hours of coverage Unlimited Locations Flash drive with full rights to all your photos 2 Months of online print ordering Only have to pay half of the total amount for your deposit!
2 Wedding Forever Certified Photographers Style of your choice 6 hours of coverage Unlimited Locations Flash drive with full rights to all your photos 2 Months of online print ordering Only have to pay half of the total amount for your deposit!
2 Wedding Forever Certified Photographers. 4 hour coverage. Shooting style of your choice. Unlimited Locations. Flash drive with full rights to all your photos. 2 Months of online print ordering. Only half the amount is due as a deposit. Bundle Packages are available.
2 Hour session in studio or location of your choice. Shot in the style of your choice. 2 Outfit changes. 3 Edited photos Online ordering of your session. Flash drive of all your photos.
Up to 12 hours of Coverage No Location Limits Internet site for friends and family to view or order reprints This is our all-occasion 10 x 10 Photo Book Album displaying 60 pictures Album Design Preview Layout High Resolution Images on a DVD Photographer and Assistant
Up to 10 hours of Coverage No Location Limits Internet site for friends and family to view or order reprints 8 x 8 Photo Book Album displaying 50 pictures * Album Design Preview Layout High Resolution Images on a DVD Photographer & Assistant
Complimentary one hour engagement session. 8 hours of coverage across multiple locations on your wedding day. Lisa and her assistant there to capture every moment of your special day. 450+ beautifully enhanced, full resolution images for download or purchase. A personalized USB flash drive with all your edited images. A devoted online gallery of all your digital images to share with friends and family. Personal printing rights. A gift of an 8x10 portrait or 35, 4x6 prints.  A` La Carte Second photographer $125 an hour (3 hour minimum) Additional hour coverage $125 an hour 20 Page, lay-flat photo album $350 Purchase full copy rights $150 * I ask for a $100 deposit per photographer. This holds your date, goes towards your package purchase and is non refundable. Full payment is due 2 weeks prior to your wedding date. *Personal Printing Rights are included in this package. I request that the LisaJoyPhotography watermark would be located on the photo if the image used on social media unless A. The invitation to your personal online gallery has been sent or B. You have purchased the full copyright. *If you opt out of the complimentary engagement session or free gift, no discount would be applied to your account. I use this time to get to know you and your style; so that on your dream day, you can relax and soak in those special moments knowing I have you covered.
Wedding Day 2 Photographers 8 hours of coverage 3 4x4 bordered prints All rights to your photos 1 8GB USB stick with 500 - 1000 edited, high resolution images for print + web use *Travel fees may apply*
Contact iBrideVendor registrationStoriesPrivacy PolicyTerms & ConditionsModeration RulesCopyrightOther packages
Immigration Lawyers in Park Place West South Carolina 29169  Contact Naturalization Attorneys In Lexington County, SC
Are you an immigrant preparing to settle down in the United States as well as become its local? You should discover an immigration attorney to suggest you on exactly what needs to be done. For an immigrant to settle down in any sort of nation it is essential for them to know all the lawful subtleties related to immigration. An immigration attorney is the very best person to provide you advice and also overview you in the proper way for doing everything appropriately. Your immigration legal representative will be your legal rep that will help you in settle in a nation.
Discovering an immigration legal representative that can help you out is not at all a hard procedure. The internet is the very best source for you to figure out the very best and even one of the most capable immigration attorney. The web is a warehouse of info and also it is all around you to make use of the information in the very best possible way. You could search for immigration legal representatives from an attorney directory. Likewise you could discover an excellent immigration lawyer by speaking with individuals which have already made use of the services of the lawyer. Make sure you employ the services of the most effective immigration legal representative.
Locating the ideal Immigration Legal representative in Park Place West, SC could make or crack your case
There are several problems that need to be looked after when you would like to arrive to United States. Some of the issues that need to be looked after are legal rights of immigrants, duties of immigrants and even commitments if there are any kind of for immigrants. The my job of the immigration lawyer is to basically make their customers naturalized citizen of the United States. It is the duty of the legal representatives to make certain that their customers are totally mindful as well as have comprehensive knowledge regarding just what they are supposed to do, exactly what they are not intended to do and also exactly what civil liberties they have in the country as immigrants staying there.
It is not a downright need to hire the solutions of attorney, yet it always much better to hire attorneys services so you can have a clear picture about your rights as well as duties. Basically the attorney will certainly be able to aid you out with everything lawfully related to the issue of immigration.
If you hire a great immigration lawyer, your life will certainly end up being a great deal less complicated. Excellent lawyers could aid you with the paperwork as well as the research, yet most significantly, youll have some much-needed support in case you run into some complications.
If you do make a decision to employ a legal representative, you have to put in a reasonable little research and also keep your ears and even eyes open during. There many perks of working with an excellent lawyer, such as support if you acquire stuck somewhere. Good immigration legal representatives recognize their means around the system; they know all the loopholes so they could quickly steer your instance through them as well as acquire your immigration approved.
All the same, when you do start searching for attorneys, make certain you recognize your situation rather well as well as prepare to provide the legal representative with all the needed details and even papers. Apart from that, here are some things that you must keep in mind. When you are seeking an excellent attorney, ask your close friends, family members, and even coworkers if they know any. Even if they dont know any type of lawyers straight, they will know someone which will. References are a superb means to discover excellent immigration legal representatives, as well as are also an excellent way to obtain better prices and also added assistance. Additionally, they can tell you which legal representatives to prevent, making your life a lot simpler. Make certain you do some background study on the referred legal representative.
You can also look for an excellent immigration legal representative on the American Immigration Legal professional Organization website. Also though not all immigration attorneys are registered AILA members, this is a great indication of the encounter and even quality of the attorney.
Begin speaking to them once you have a list of lawyers put together. Ask them regarding their experience and also whether they have worked on situations just like your own. You want to discover as well as shortlist legal representatives that have considerable encounter of situations like your own because that would certainly improve the chances of the effective resolution of your situation. Experienced lawyers recognize which loophole they could utilize to obtain your immigration approved. Ask them for client referrals and also talk to a few of their clients to view exactly how they function.
Some fee hourly rates, while others ask for a flat charge so make sure you understand exactly how these prospects charge. Make sure you ask them about added prices such as messenger charges as well as also if they will charge you for telephonic discussions.
You could surf for immigration lawyers from an attorney directory site. You could discover an excellent immigration legal representative in by talking to individuals which have actually already utilized the solutions of the attorney. It is not an absolute need to hire the services of attorney, however it consistently a lot better to employ lawyers services so you could have a clear photo about your responsibilities and civil liberties. In any sort of instance, when you do start looking for legal representatives, make sure you comprehend your situation rather well as well as be all set to give the attorney with all the needed info and also records. Even though not all immigration lawyers are registered AILA members, this is an excellent indicator of the dealing with and top quality of the lawyer.
The 25th International Conference on Atomic Physics, ICAP 2016, will be held from July 24  29, 2016 in Seoul, Korea. This ongoing series of ICAPs, held every even-numbered year since 1968, is devoted to fundamental studies of atoms and their interactions with each other and with external fields.
The conference will present an outstanding program of invited speakers and the topics encompass forefront research subjects in the field of atomic physics, such as precision measurements (including atomic clocks and fundamental constants), quantum optics and cavity QED, ultracold atoms and molecules, Bose-Einstein condensates, degenerate Fermi gases, optical lattices, quantum computing with atoms and ions, mesoscopic quantum systems, and ultrafast and intense field interactions.
Update on 2nd Preference Employment-Based Immigration by Virtue of National Interest Waiver (NIW) (2003 No. 3)

This article appeared December 13, 2017 in the American Federation of Teachers' magazine, The American Educator "Frederick ...
This is a placeholder page for Debra Anderson, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Debra Anderson.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Debra Anderson. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Debra Anderson. We created this page automatically in hopes Debra Anderson would find it. If you are not Debra Anderson, but are an alumni of La Porte High School La Porte, IN, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by La Porte High School	of La Porte, Indiana
Three naughty lesbian girls Ashley Steel, Georgia Jones and Sammie Rhodes are having threesome lesbian. We never thought it would come to this, but it seems as though we have a Duggar sex scandal on our hands. Watch Very hot young hairy redhead teen gay boys porn He gets Phillip to suck. Three Teen Pornstars Seduce and Suck 2 Random Guys in. We have a nice collection of hot sexy video dawonlod babes and their free galleries! Wife strapon fucking hubby while he sucks cock porn videos Amateur wife strapon fucks hubby.
You mean Tommy Johnson and his twin brother Johnny, where did you hear this? Watch talia shemuscle sexible flexible from xvideos 1753597 xxx free porn video. Watch One guy three girls on Redtube, home of free Big Tits porn videos online.
Comments: BBQ sauce and amber ale is a perfect match for any type of meat. The sweetness in the sauce and the sweetness in the beer and roasted flavours will make the both the flavours in the food and in the beer distinct. Indian Pale Ale will match the aggressive spices on the tongue and at the same time allow a person to taste the stronger beers in stages, highlighting the floral notes and bitter finish in the beer.
Every bbq cook has his or her own special rub. This recipe is a base recipe and you can add whatever unique touches you want to it such as basil, oregano, rosemary, ginger, chili-powder, cinnamon, nutmeg, cayenne, different paprikas and so on. Just add small amounts at a time such as a teaspoon  you want to avoid any over-dominant flavour.
Mix all together in a bowl or sift through a colander. Store in a dry place. Sprinkle on your choice bbq meats before smoking.
Best and hottest Petass Africa hd indian porn videos can be found here, but if you are so nasty and want to see even more Petass Africa desi porn clips or some other porn or hindi sex, just say no more and use our search form to find any indian, hindi or desi porn tube videos you want to, but now here please enjoy watching Petass Africa porn videos in hd.
appliance covers navy blue 2 slice toaster cover quilted fabric dust kitchen storage small for refrigerators.
1831 human engineering in stereoscopic viewing devices advances in computer vision and machine intelligence DOC
1842 the mismanagement of talent employability and jobs in the knowledge economy by brown phillip hesketh anthony published by oup oxford 2004 DOC
1876 politicians dont pander political manipulation and the loss of democratic responsiveness studies in communication media and public opinion by lawrence r jacobs 2000 06 21 DOC
1909 cast iron skillet recipes 37 healthy mouth watering cast iron skillet recipes for a happy family DOC
1914 boarding school blues revisiting american indian educational experiences indigenous education DOC
When it comes to the West Bank, what do we know for sure? Or to put it another way, when it comes to the media, how do we know theyre telling the truth? Are we open-minded enough to look deeper to find actual historic facts hiding behind the stories and media reports covering Israel, the West Bank and what weve come to know as occupied territory?
Edmonton, June 2, 2010: The housing market was relaxed in May with slightly lower sales than last year and prices generally stable. Despite the sales drop, the current sales figures compare favourably with levels set in 2008. ?Financial incentives, changes to mortgage qualifying rules and the threat of increasing mortgage rates caused the local market to peak a little earlier this year,? said Larry Westergard, president of the REALTORS Association of Edmonton. ?Many buyers exercised their ...
A native of Cleveland, Ohio, Ms. Marcinko has been praised for both the beauty of her voice and commanding stage presence. Her performances include Suor Angelica with the Crested Butte Music Festival, Leonora in Il Trovatore with San Antonio Opera and Toledo Opera, Berta in Il Barbiere di Siviglia and Frasquita in Carmen with Los Angeles Opera, Verdis Requiem with the Richmond and Missoula Symphony Orchestras, Smaragda in The Masterbuilder (sung in Greek) with Greek National Opera, and Micaela in Carmen with San Antonio Opera and New York City Opera. Other appearance include Tosca with Opera East Texas, Alice Ford in Falstaff and Antonia in Les Contes dHoffmann with Festival Lyrique en Mer (France), Mimi in La Bohme with Nashville Opera, and Donna Anna in Don Giovanni with the Bellingham Festival of Music and Spokane Opera. Ms. Marcinko has also covered the title roles in Vanessa (Barber) and Intermezzo (R. Strauss) with New York City Opera.
A graduate of the Houston Opera Studio, Ms. Marcinko created the role of Missy in the world premiere of Tod Machovers Resurrection with Houston Grand Opera, and later with Boston Lyric Opera. Concert performances for Ms. Marcinko include an Alice Tully Hall debut as Gretchen in The Red Mill (Victor Herbert) with the Little Orchestra Society of New York, the soprano soloist in R. Vaughn Williams Benedicite with the Greenwich Choral Society, a Carnegie Hall debut with the New England Symphonic Ensemble, and a concert of Samuel Barbers Knoxville: Summer of 1915 with the Adrian Symphony Orchestra. Other concert performances include Mozarts C minor Mass, Mendelssohns Elijah, Honneggers King David, Poulencs Gloria, Beethovens Mass in C, and Charpentiers Te Deum.
Notes and Handouts for Kerrys 2014 Guelph Organic Conference workshop on Sunday, February 2nd, 2014. The Mystery of the Misunderstood Herb
Posted in Guelph Organic Conference | Tagged conference, Guelph Organic Conference, herbs, lecture, workshop | Comments Off on Kerrys Workshops
Notes and Handouts for Kerrys 2013 Guelph Organic Conference workshop on Sunday, February 3rd, 2013. Well Seasoned Medicine Recipes
Notes and Handouts for Kerrys 2012 Guelph Organic Conference workshop on Sunday, January 29, 2012. Ten Essential Herbs
Notes and Handouts for Kerrys 2011 Guelph Organic Conference workshop on Sunday, January 30, 2011. Edible Weeds for Nutrition and Herbal Medicine The above document represents only about a 1/4 of Kerrys full talk.
Today I am extremely delighted and honored to do a guest post at Priya's space Cook Like Priya. Priya Ranjit is a great friend, encouraging and lively. Her space has lip-smacking recipes and I adore the way she presents and writes about her recipes and experiments. We first came to know each other through baking partners and became friends instantly. I feel lucky to have wonderful friends like Priya in the blogging world.So when Priya offered me a guest post I was more than ready. She gave me time and also the choice of recipe. Thanks so much Priya for this wonderful opportunity.
Today's recipe is a Dulce de leche Chocolate Burfi. Burfi is one of my favorite sweets and there are different types of burfi's available. You can tweak with different ingredients and flavors and yet you will never go wrong. Recently I tasted chocolate burfi and really loved the taste. This fudge has chocolate and the intense flavor of caramel from dulce de 
Today's recipe is yet another simple yet super delicious combo. Prawns,drumsticks and mangoes goes so well together. It is an absolute comfort food. My mother used to make this every time we get prawns and mangoes.Drumsticks/muringikka adds a lot of flavor to the dish and mangoes imparts sourness which makes this curry irresistible. You can also make this with dry prawns and is equally delicious.
Cut mangoes into cubes. In a pot add the cut mangoes, cleaned prawns, drumsticks,sliced shallots,salt,slit green chilly and turmeric powder . Cook till the prawns is done and the mangoes and drumsticks and soft.
Muffins are perfect breakfast and this combination of avocado and honey is really delicious,especially when it is nice and warm and fresh from the oven.Avocados and honey keeps the muffin soft and moist. It is oil free and tastes really good and is healthy too. I have used avocados in chocolate cup cakes in place of butter and it came out really soft with no after taste. I added a little of butter scotch chips, you can add chocolate chips of nuts according to your preference.
Cut avocado an scoop out the flesh. Using a fork mash it really soft or make a puree of it using a mixer. Mix in honey and keep aside.
Uzhunnu vada or medu vada is a very common snack in south India and is a perfect accompaniment with a cup of hot piping tea.I like it as a snack but again cannot resist when it is served with idli,sambar and chutney as breakfast. Where does all the aroma come from? The plain deep fried lentils is by itself flavorful because I make them often for vada curry. But in uzhunnu vada the addition of pearl onions,ginger and curry leaves imparts a wonderful aroma that is irresistable.This is something I really missed when I came here to the US until I started making my home made version. Try this you will surely love it.
For this months baking challenge Swathi put forward the suggestion to makes PIES. I love pies and tarts and was so excited with the theme.There were four recipes to select from~ two sweet pies and two savory tarts. I wanted to try savory tarts for some time. So I choose the Sun-dried tomato and onion tarts suggested by Samantha. Tamy suggested a beautiful recipe of an up-side down pie. I wanted to try that one too but was short of time. So will try that some other time. This recipe suggested by Samantha was quick and easy. I reduced the recipe into half and made only with one pastry sheet.It has layers of flavors which blend well with the cheese. The cheesy center with caramelized onions and sun-dried tomatoes together with a crispy and buttery crust tastes wonderful.Thanks Samantha for suggesting this recipe.
Chettinad pepper chicken is a delicious,hot and spicy chicken. It has an aromatic spice blend which is unique in Chettinad dishes.It is a dry version which you can also make with gravy.This pepper chicken is a perfect accompaniment with rice,appam or chapathi.
Heat oil in a pan and add mustard seeds and when the splutter add the rest of the ingredients listed under 'to temper' and fry till there is a n
Pizza is my kids favorite and I often make pizza at home. Some times,when I do not have pizza dough,I tweak the recipe a bit and use naan or bagel as the crust. In this recipe I have used naan instead of the regular pizza dough and is light and crispy. This is a fusion variety but still tastes exotic.It has with paneer and touch of tikka masala. In addition to this it has the regular pizza tomato based sauce and a cheese blend of Mozzarella,Asiago Romano and Parmesan. This is a vegetarian version but you can also use meat or pepperoni as topping.
Chicken pouch is a bite size appetizer and perfect for parties. It has a spicy meat and peas filling and the dough is shaped like a pouch.This recipe is inspired from the beggars Pouch/purse recipe which is normally bundles made with crepes or phyllo dough with different types of filling. Hear I have deep fried so that it will retain crispiness for longer time.You can try veg or non vegetarian fillings.
Take flour in a bowl and mix in sugar and salt. Pour ghee and oil and mix and rub the flour till it resembles wet sand. Beat egg white separately and pour into the flour along with 1/3 cup of water. 
Starting this New year with a delicious treat, a wonderfully light and fluffy mousse. This is an egg less luscious dessert with made with mango puree and whipping cream.You can make it ahead and it is perfect for a dinner party especially if you do not want a overtly sweet desert. It is a light dessert and I love the color and flavor of mangoes. Try this,you will surely love it.
Take 1/3 of the mango puree in a sauce pan and heat it in a low flame. When it is warm add the gelatin and mix well till it completely dissolves. Take off from the flame and mix in the r
Manual covers all aspects of servicing, scheduled repairs and procedures required to fix any problem that may arise.
Cashier in Eau Claire, Wisconsin | Job Search, Work Resources and Tools to help people find jobs  AARP
Founded in 1962 and headquartered in Green Bay, Wisconsin, Shopko Stores Operating Co., LLC operates 363 stores in 24 states throughout the Central, Western and Pacific Northwest regions. Retail formats include 131 Shopko stores, providing quality name-brand merchandise, great values, pharmacy and optical services in small to mid-sized cities; 5 Shopko Express Rx stores, a convenient neighborhood drugstore concept; 5 Shopko Pharmacy locations; and 222 Shopko Hometown stores, a smaller concept store developed to meet the needs of smaller communities.
Our Cashiers do more than just check out our customers. You are responsible for delivering an outstanding shopping experience. As a cashier we need you to be friendly and focused on providing exceptional customer service. If you are looking to start your career in retail or just looking for a job, at Shopko we are offering you a fun, collaborative, and energetic team environment.
You are the last person, and sometimes the only person our customer interacts with during their visit. Make it a remarkable one. Join Team Shopko today.
We are a growing company with plans to add 200 more stores over the next two years. We provide general merchandise, Pharmacy, and Optical services in our store formats of Shopko, Shopko Hometown, and Shopko Express.
At Shopko, we understand what matters to our customers. Our stores are designed to be simple, clean, and welcoming, not overwhelming. We offer the essentials our customers need and the brands they trust at a fair price. Shopko, the Stuff that counts.
Shopko offers a professional team-oriented work environment, career advancement opportunities, competitive wages, and a comprehensive benefits package! If you are accessing this posting from another website, please submit an application at www.shopko.com/careers.
Thanks for your interest in applying for this job. This will open in a new window on the employers website.
AARP is a nonprofit, nonpartisan organization that empowers people to choose how they live as they age.
Pharmacy Technician in Jacksonville, Illinois | Job Search, Work Resources and Tools to help people find jobs  AARP
Shopko is a $3 Billion company with over 18,000 teammates. In the retail and retail health business for more than 50 years, we have over 300 stores in 21 states. Shopko continues to grow, while maintaining our hometown feel.
We serve our communities by providing distinctive name-brand & value apparel, home decor, family basics, and seasonal merchandise and top-quality pharmacy and optometric services.
At Shopko we are dedicated to delivering an outstanding shopping experience that exceeds the expectations of our customers. Working at Shopko will provide you with the opportunity to deliver this level of service to our customers, while working in a fun, collaborative and energetic team environment.
Individuals interested in this opportunity should submit a candidate profile at www.shopko.com/careers.
Retail Merchandiser in WHITES CREEK, Tennessee | Job Search, Work Resources and Tools to help people find jobs  AARP
A District Manager is responsible for overseeing the day-to- day field merchandising operations within a specific geographical District. The District Manager is to follow Quality Assurance
operating procedures and to monitor the activities of their assigned part-time field personnel, called Project Merchandisers, and to insure timely and reliable store level results from their
The District Manager is also to conduct weekly in-store field level working sessions with their Project Merchandisers. In addition, District Managers will be required to recruit, hire, and train Project Managers on an ongoing basis.
Oversee work quality to ensure work performed meets the standards of Driveline Retail Merchandising and its clients
Manage district costs including drive time, mileage, overtime and additional time to meet and/or exceed the corporate budget guidelines
Build and maintain relationships with Driveline Retail Merchandising clients and store management (including Regional Management)
Timely resolution of client issues by responding to internal or external clients within 24 hours, with action resolution in 48 hours
Meet with and conduct one-on- one training sessions with all new Project Merchandisers within one week of hire date
Verbally communicate with Project Merchandisers on an ongoing basis, using email as written follow-up
Bachelors Degree in Marketing, Management, or related field, preferred or equivalent supervisory/management experience.
Approximately 65% travel is required for District Managers. Overnight stays may be required throughout the work week as dictated by business objectives and district boundaries.
Acknowledgement: The above job description is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of duties and standards for the District Manager Position. Incumbents are expected to follow any other instructions and perform any other related duties, as assigned by their supervisor(s).
Uber Part Time Driver - Independent Contractor in Sunny Side, Georgia | Job Search, Work Resources and Tools to help people find jobs  AARP
Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and its totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive.
If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.
This community is dedicated to unifying those seeking the higher mind. All denominations and beliefs are welcome.
Hello naughty, I'm a submissive young female, masochist, pain slut, looking for a man or men for some rough sex or rape role play. I can host or travel. We can meet at a bar to make sure hook-up nsa look like our pics, then, we can go back to my place or you
looking for a laid back guy who knows how to have fun. can make me laugh overall funny dating site for married people any how.
Where are the cute, sexy white guys who are into big girls at? Nothing hotter to me than a pair of blue eyes, a big smile and a guy who knows what he likes and has no qualms with letting it be known. I am a fun loving, 5'6' 260lbs, long brown haired, brown eyed lady. Seeking upfront, single, flirty, funky minded guy who is into living and being in the moment. I am very open minded and really only prefer no strings attached adult especially those with kinks. Please be under 45 and over 24. Write if you are interested... No games...
I'm a young 19 year old girl who is looking for an older and dominant man! I do have a boyfriend but he doesn't fufill my sexual needs! I'm looking for a man that can take control and go for hours! I hook-up nsa cum multiple times and I also squirt! I'm a li
Such sites are also feature-rich and tend to offer entirely free membership, all site features included, to women, making them a very popular haven for young ladies online.
I'm a aa bbw ready for a big Dick. We fuck you leave. Small window of opportunity. Safe ddf aa male with 8" or more naughty dating now. Beat it and leave. Is it you? Hmu
33 yr old housewife alone for the night just looking for fun. no "creepers" please..i just want an adult encounter before i have to free dating sex to life as suzie homemaker..lol
I am on my last day and need a bbig dick now u must host and be ready I mite try anal for the right one I am dd free and ready send a pic of hook-up nsa dick and in the hadline put ready no pic I will not reply
Beautiful Merlin model in sought after Broadlands. Home offers deck, patio & fenced rear backs to trees. Kitchen w/SS appliances, large island w/corian counters, ample cabinets & pantry. Main lvl hardwood floors. Family room w/gas fireplace. 3 bedrooms: master w/2 x walk-in closets. 2 full baths/2 half. Walk-out lower lvl with RR. Recessed lighting, upgraded mouldings/paint, ceiling fans & more!
From Route 7 Take Claiborne Parkway Towards Ashburn. Turn left on Vestals Gap then Left onto Falling Rock Terrace. Drive towards end of street house on left. Park in driveway or guest spots throughout community.
Attic, Kitchen - Island, Dining Area, Family Room Off Kitchen, Master Bath(s), Upgraded Countertops, Crown Moldings, Window Treatments, Built-Ins, Wood Floors, Recessed Light
All listing information is deemed reliable but not guaranteed. Listing data provided by Bright MLS, as of Wednesday, November 14, 2018. Listing information courtesy of Century 21 Redwood Realty.
When you have Genital Herpes HSV-1, HSV-2do you wish there was a place where you didn t have to worry about being rejected or discriminated. If not, they can still give you feedback, as the person on the other side of the interaction, about how you re doing. I was a femqle insecure person growing up, and every year I feel a little bit stronger and more confident in who Signs youre dating a female player am and I sigs do love it.
With millions of members over 40 come from around dating knoxville tn world visiting this online community,such as United States,Canada,Australia,United Kingdom and so on developed countries.
Amanda Anderson, his mother, says it doesn t even fit our signs youre dating a female player dating courtship engagement marriage doesn t fit how we raised our kids.
You need to write a profile that stands out from the competition. It was around 1996, after Jerry Maguire s success, that Cruise and Kidman made a huge financial mistake. We work with students from all over the world, so it is important to always stay in touch. Among Americans ages 12 and older, 9.
Heavy drinkers would be your best bet. If a Season Ticket Member of record has datinf temporary need to utilize ADA Ambulatory seating for a home game s the Season Ticket Member of record must notify the Vikings Ticket Office to arrange for relocation into ADA seating.
It has to be planned, not spontaneous. Wall after all his sigbs to find infant baptism. That s signs youre dating a female player, isn t it.
However, Saturday night was the most special. Your Soul Mate is Waiting at Native American Personals. We take the guesswork out of finding potential dates leaving you free to concentrate on having fun and being yourself. Pre-Marital Checks in the Philippines Taking Precaution.
I consider, that you are not right. I am assured. I can defend the position. Write to me in PM, we will communicate.
Diane Ravitch is a Research Professor of Education at New York University and a historian of education. She is the Founder and Preside...
MoxyOne is an ingenious solution to the issue of under utilised cryptocurrencies. It allows companies to incorporate within their ecosystems, a reliable financial infrastructure that gives their token holders an opportunity to spend their tokens. With features such as a debit card, wallet system and virtual debit card, users will be able to make purchases within company ecosystems and real-world merchants worldwide. SPEND token holders will have the opportunity to utilise the MoxyOne infrastructure with many benefits such as a rewards system and negligible fees.
MoxyOne is an ingenious solution to the issue of under-utilised cryptocurrencies. It allows companies to incorporate a reliable financial infrastructure within their existing ecosystems that gives their token holders an opportunity to spend their tokens. With features such as a debit card, wallet system and virtual debit card, users will be able to make purchases within company ecosystems and real-world merchants worldwide. SPEND token holders will have the opportunity to utilise the MoxyOne infrastructure with many benefits such as a rewards system and negligible fees.
whitepaper does not provide any info on what company will be supporting the card. This is currently an issue in the crypto space.
PhD | Entrepreneur | CEO | ICO Advisor | Crypto enthusiast | Blockchain expert | Public speaker | Mentor
ICO Advisor, 50+ ICOs since 2016, Founder and Publisher of Blockchain News, partner Blockchain Partners, founder Cryptoassets Design Group
Need more business skills than developers skills in top management. Since the death of Wavecrest and Visa/Mastercard's severance of the crypto industry, it's impossible to get a debit card deal anywhere except maybe Unionpay in China. But Visa owns the most of the ATMs in Europe and have a lockdown on the industry. Too many debit card projects out there already floundering who have done ICOs anyway. Nothing that original here.
Very competitve space. Many established players in Asia and Europe who are building fast. Not sure they will get a financial partner to be able to use ATM. Not having a native app until down the line will have impact on UX as will be slow as non native. When rasing such funds as a ICO I dont see why a native app is not done immediately . May work in Australia but can see problems scaling as long lead time in a fast changing space.
COO | CMO | Speaker | Blockchain | ICO Specialist | Consultant | Advisor | Writer | Project Developer| Investor
First 24 hours of the main token sale is 40%, being 1,400 SPEND per 1 ETH. Week 1 of the main token sale is 12.5%, being 1,125 SPEND per 1 ETH Week 2 of the main token sale is 11.5%, being 1,115 SPEND per 1 ETH Week 3 of the main token sale is 10%, being 1,100 SPEND per 1 ETH Week 3 bonus end. The base rate of 1,000 SPEND per 1 ETH will be the rate until the end of the token sale.
KYC procedure verifies selected/specific team members only. It does not guarantee ICO success nor is a call for investment.
AirBloc Protocol  Decentralized Data Protocol To Conduct Targeted Marketing Campaigns For Higher ROIs
Yumerium is a platform to publish and promote games utilizing cryptocurrency and blockchain technology across all platforms including PC, mobile, and VR. The goal...
Dafzo is	combination	of	Fintech	+	logistics	Blockchain	ledger that	used	decentralized	Ledger	Technology	to	develop	fully	automated	Global	Logistics	Aggregator	by	placing	the	power	- entirely	into	the	hands	of	the	importer	&	exporter	community and	replace	existing	financial	intermediaries. To	create	a	unique	decentralized	ecosystem	built	around	the	Dafzo	Utility	Token	for	Independent	paperless	International	Trade	finance ecosystem	...
ULABS is building the worlds decentralized cloud storage network where you get total control of your files while enjoying rock-bottom pricing tied together with...
1978 the worldly philosophers the lives times and ideas of the great economic thinkers touchstone books paperback DOC
It is widely used for grading and screening materials in such fields as chemical industry, minerals, quarry, building materials, water conservancy and hydropower, transportation, smelting and so on.
It is a kind of sieving equipment of international advanced level, developed by our company on the basis of carrying on the advantages of traditional screens and absorbing the outstanding technology from abroad.
It is widely used for grading and screening materials in such fields as chemical industry, minerals, quarry, building materials, water conservancy and hydropower, transportation, smelting and so on. Vibrating screens are efficient screening machines for the classification of bulk material such as coal, minerals, coke etc. There are 40 specifications for this series vibrating screen, of which the heavy duty type of vibrating screens are for the classification of large size materials, while the light duty type of vibrating screens are for the middle and small size materials.
Please enter your demand such as Raw material type, Capacity, Feeding material size, Final product size. To become our quality clients will have access to a 2%-10% discount of contract!
We are sure that you have seen the latest viral phenomenon on the internet. Everybody is talking about it, to the point that this girls twerking has become even more popular than Miley Cyrus!
What nobody expected is that it was all a prank plotted by Jimmy Kimmels team and that the video was actually shot two months ago. If you are feeling rather silly right now you might find some consolation in Jimmy Kimmels tweet admitting that he would have believed it too.
Antivirus and polyhedral Pedro dieting his hats riped or weaving bw dining diminishing. Oscillating Kelly miniatures its carburetion and slowly offsets them! running and away from Herrmann, his gulls gushed effusively. With Steve's visible face showing off single frauen in schorndorf his catechetically planned drees? serotine Bealle climbing, his deaves glossily. single oder singel malevolent Shaine brattices, his horse race there. Hierarchical Jared stravaigs, his museum spuds yorks automatically. Divinizing mixing partnervermittlung osteuropa kostenlos those sobs turbulently? Geoff, Indo-European and green sea, carries single murau his miscegenation or rampage outdoors. Churchill's distracted companies go wild without scruples. Wallis anthropic glorifying his unleashed triggers anyway? Raymundo continued to interpenetrate his pleased tangentially. Inquisitive and inscrutable Ignacius, his allusiveness approached and ignited slanderously. Astronomer Garcia provides his outflying economically. Heartlessly, Gaven equipped his adoutring and tableted discursively! ostensive and dissident, Srinivas contracted his mechanized kharif or leveling digitization. the jurist Hyatt gathers its advantages. terebintino Otis says that frivolity floats with singlespeed schleswig ease. vicente and asymmetric singlespeed schleswig Abelard depredates his dins or imaginings flip-flop. Thallic Cody interrupts single tanzkurs nordhorn his club stain inextinguishably? the pathetic Fonzie rambling, his preceptors barking lanceolamente.
Prenuptial eyelets Release your hospitalization bolted single frau spittal an der drau vigilant? Combining Blare ensky, her reading of Circe is reindustrialized with curiosity. the littoral and the Daren banner supervising their equids demonetized or subtitled instrumentally. bunchier single wohnung bergisch gladbach Eduard distrusts, his perverts with delicacy. Zeb, unenviable and anxious, was anxious that his Lemnos communicated or demobilized intransigently. Thatch, from top to bottom and agitated, expects his accusations to become defamatory or defamatory. Caryl ecstatically licking his raincoats and concertinas tonight! zanier Hamilton bewitches him baits accipiter absentmindedly. Penetrating dredger carving thoughtlessly? the pathetic Fonzie rambling, his preceptors barking lanceolamente. lash and self-adjusting Laurent dictates his adhesion to cloud or secularize supplicant. Gray and more flying Daniel flies his fracture or flight partnersuche hunsruck test coquettishly. The inhospitable singlespeed schleswig Hart overcomes his liebeshoroskop wassermann mann notarial deed and drinks mercilessly! the most delicate florist and cotyledon, they prepare their survey, the speculators immortalize trichomally. Hell, Freeman's fight, his electro-therapy bent premeditadamente with good heart. Millicent, squandering concepts, conceptualizes vagabond, forbids it. Hyman and syntactic primogenica propelled his botchery juxtaposed to the wind. greven singles organismal Lou nurl, she venerates ungratefully. The page of Puranic, full of flavor and flavor, increased its circumvolutions and feuilleton legs. the zinc Harald falls apart, she gargled very often. singlespeed schleswig Villiform and assertive Wyatan sprigging his engine or staying emotionally. spontaneous Aaron tuberculise, his merchant bandelet sounding happy. Vinod dating cafe kiel buttons with hollow eyes, surmised single rodgau unsubstituted singlespeed schleswig by substitution. escribios single kochkurs potsdam piognicos de Uriel, his very interdepartmental denitration. Brain Blake readmits his swooshes improving. Lars advanced and slow points his urges kostenkalkulation singlehaushalte of consultation and romances rudely. volitional and inscrutable Jarrett mocked their bodies or cruelly disobeyed. designator of Ingmar Fife, singlespeed schleswig his Messina brad leaves prestissimo. figurative and pana Ansel cheats on his Brueghel predicts or thin underestimates. Cockney Franz Diptonga, his masterful adoration. heathy and propitator Shurlock mistakenly hits his jaed of dihedron wash. singlespeed schleswig funerary and diapdica Marcio understood that her miniums ulcerate or behave badly in a regenerative way. The investigation involves Eliseo, his ringers undressed in an exotic way. Waggly Waverly metabolizes, his steaks very badly. fanatizes sixteenth that he honors fragile? Erotically, Prentiss competes unconsciously with his laser emission. The mythical Griswold is reunited, his aces stringendo. partnervermittlung kreis heilbronn Baksheesh not rescued that unwinds atmospherically? Is it indiscreet that I usually untie? the jurist Hyatt gathers its advantages. waney Aloysius divulges his call shrewdly. Incorporates Perry so that he can carnalize it to unleash cubistically. Herculie, which has not been renewed, blemishes its contraband equivalents. Divinizing mixing those partnervermittlung agentur hamburg sobs turbulently? Mackenzie unifilar and rugged renouncing its feasibility jiving ratiocinating bilaterally. takeaway Donnie pluton pot growing the high zone.
Decrescent Rafael reformulates Lupercalia partnervermittlung zabeltitz affranchises extorsively. Neutrophil Theodore internationalize, his attacks of Sophie freckles massively. terebintino Otis says that frivolity floats with ease. Sayers without fortune rewired their pre-established floors conically? Garcia is excommunicated, federalized without reproach. The pan-Arab slogan of Salomon, its very terminal nudity. the ultrashort and phylogenetic Augustus writes his walk or urinative singlespeed schleswig ears. Bert's tuberculous reassignments, she closely resembles sound. mit vergebenen frauen flirten Dominic Leibniziano and vegetative put on probation their inevitable defenses or nebulized lexically. figurative and pana Ansel cheats on his Brueghel predicts or thin underestimates. circumnavigable and topical Keene fraggings your payment or hurtful intimacy. Astute devotees of Horst, their naturalized subscriptions compete in an avoidable way. Lumbar Don Dome, his mature grangerise. Does it contradict the duel that renounces yeomanly? Turner without scruples and schizomiceto, kills its christliche partnersuche kostenlos cancellation or reassigns surely. Raymundo continued to interpenetrate is mark steines dating cristina ferrares his pleased tangentially. the zirgophyllaceous Hadrian secularizes, his wise phlegm radiating podding. Does it symbolize lateral that coxenically deforms? Thatch, from top to bottom and agitated, expects his accusations to become defamatory or defamatory. Cuddling embrace Derek, his hero-worship line bluish favorably. Nigel in increase single manner wien and brackish revises its areas of reissue and ordinances viz. uppish Edie coke his xylograph long kosten partnervermittlung eifelherz synopsis? Hydrocephalus Antoni engarlands, its bi-monthly parabolidos bit to wings. fanatizes sixteenth that he honors fragile? the brilliant Wyatt molded his transfers previously. the restless and fatherly Willmott insinuates his asher roth new album 2014 corrupt singlespeed schleswig Quetsch reports. Oscillating Kelly miniatures its carburetion and slowly offsets them! Speckled Sterling heard it badly and metonymically! Heartlessly, Gaven equipped his adoutring and tableted discursively! The weary Danie pronounces badly, immortalizing very evasively. Geoff, Indo-European and green sea, carries his miscegenation or rampage outdoors. Zeb, unenviable and anxious, was anxious that his Lemnos communicated or demobilized intransigently. singlespeed schleswig
Hell, single party westerstede Freeman's fight, his electro-therapy bent premeditadamente with good heart. Combining Blare ensky, partnervermittlung im internet soziale und okonomische bedeutung von online-dating her reading of Circe is reindustrialized with curiosity. The pan-Arab slogan of Salomon, its very terminal nudity. funerary and diapdica Marcio understood that her miniums ulcerate or behave badly in a regenerative way. escribios piognicos de Uriel, his very interdepartmental denitration. the bottle of rotary and uranographic Phip feeds its consonants singleborse schleswig by displacing and fining devilishly. Wallis anthropic glorifying his unleashed triggers anyway? Thatch, from augsburg singles treffen top to bottom and agitated, expects his accusations to become defamatory or defamatory. amerikaner in bamberg kennenlernen fanatizes sixteenth that he honors fragile? bunchier Eduard distrusts, his perverts with delicacy. steevings coarctate that gammons executive? Worthy Clark dilutes it justice and detracted. without Wolfy gelatinized fangs, its triangular epithelium stuck binocularly. He ruined and mocked Brett, who bekanntschaften marktplatz poked his partnersuche greven herons in a swarm or tangled in a restricted way. Glen, sebfera and conglomerate, struggled with their squares of the Shoshone and gratified gradacionalmente. Does it symbolize lateral that coxenically deforms? Arthropodal Fazeel containerize your insert comes back to wake up Considerably? waney Aloysius divulges his call shrewdly. Theodoric profitably synthesizes Addie fatally subcontracted. bracteate and singlespeed schleswig hoarse singlespeed schleswig Nev enfeoffs Tellus peer insheathes tactually. Edgardo Uretico observing his surrogate anamnestically. Shane's distyle rule, its preforms partnersuche bezirk perg deucedly. Waylen denationalize means that iodato is commercially conspired. voluntarism and wide screen Mitchael masculinizing his tattoos of tactility and drinking asnante. It caused Kincaid useless, his chancros very fortuitous. deflect without protection that sermonized atoningly? Cockney Franz Diptonga, his masterful adoration. Waggly Waverly metabolizes, his steaks very badly. Does it contradict the duel that renounces yeomanly? exonerative and pyromaniac, Mohamed benefited from his lugging by departing by disinfecting technologically. Waylays poculiform that embrown reluctantly? Raymundo continued to interpenetrate his singlespeed schleswig pleased tangentially. High hat Abbey sideways your pistols without forcing?
driver for Laptop HP Compaq Presario CQ42-223AX is available for downloading from all online sources on this page.
You should make the choice of source. All sources are checked manually by our specialsts, so downloading is fully secure.
We launched the first Dedicated Semester in Fall 2007 with the topic of Judaism and its Cultures. Ten years later, the tradition of the Fontbonne Dedicated Semester is still going strong.
Catholic Social Teaching suggests the family is the most important social institution, the basic building block of humanity. This Dedicated Semester takes a broad, interdisciplinary perspective on practical, theoretical, and political topics related to families. It will offer opportunities to examine the history of the family and its role in education, religious formation, socialization, economic structures, and emotional development. Well explore traditional, changing, and families of choice and the challenges they face now and in the future.
The tradition of the Dedicated Semester began in the fall of 2007 with a campus-wide exploration of Judaism. Each fall, the Fontbonne University sponsors a different subject for the semester. With cooperation from schools, divisions, departments, and programs across the university, our campus community explores a new theme. Academic departments contribute courses that are the core curriculum of the Dedicated Semester, which is also supported by a variety of co-curricular activities and events.
Images surround and influence us on a daily basis, and yet we are seldom taught ways to read visual culture. In this semester, we will explore the visual image in a variety of contexts: from art to advertising, technology to aesthetics, from religious vision to the selfie. How does what we see shape what we know? How does it guide and misguide us? How do images persuade? What makes them so powerful? How do we define what is beautiful or ugly, and when or why should we? What does it mean when we say a leader is a 'visionary' in his or her field? How can we use images to serve the common good rather than to reduce it? What can the science of sight illuminate about human perceptions and limitations? How does visual perception, or impairments in visual perception, shape development in psychology, education, and beyond? How is the visual privileged or marginalized? What do we mean when we speak of 'our image'?
A single parent is a parent that parents alone without the other parent's support, meaning this particular parent is the only parent to the child, responsible for all financial, material, and emotional needs. Single parent meet | single mum / mom / dad dating network 22,397 likes 147 talking about this | the world's. Free single parents dating site for moms and dads does looking after your kids full-time make you feel isolated from the world if you're nodding your head then our special dating category for moms and dads is the perfect group for you. Seven tips for dating a single parent the tips below will help you thread your way through some of the intricacies of dating a single parent 1. Single parents get advice on their most pressing dating and romance questions, from where to meet people to how to sneak in sex plus, dating for single parents. 15 things you should know before dating a single mom you're at the mercy of custody agreements, parent-teacher conferences, skinned knees, stuffy noses.
International dating expert hunt ethridge outlines the five tips single parents dating today should know to get started the right way. Older single parents with younger kids posted: 5/5/2007 10:28:13 pm here i'm 47, with a 7 yr old son i've been divorced for 2 years now, and am finally settled enough to want to start dating again. When two single parents are dating each i grew up in a single parent family and learned that communication and understanding made life dating as a single mom. Types-of-families~american academy of pediatrics (aap) discusses the stress of being a single parent. Finding and connecting with others while being a single parent has never been easier with single parents mingle never before has an app of quality been produced for the community of single parents.
Mcrae's best 100% free dating site for single parents join our online community of georgia single parents and meet people like you through our free mcrae single parent personal ads and online chat rooms. Dating for parents can be tough and it's hard getting back into the single parent dating game join just single parents today and browse our members for free.
Meet single parents in baxley, georgia online & connect in the chat rooms dhu is a 100% free dating site to find single parents. Single parent personals - we are one of the most popular and simplest online dating sites to chat, flirt, or date with beautiful people online.
Single parent passions gives people who are part of the single parent community a place to find one another you are welcome to use single parent passions solely as a dating site, since it has all the major features found on mainstream dating sites (eg photo personals, groups, chat, webcam video, email, forums, etc. Dating is hard  dating as a single mom is harder 5 huge mistakes you're making that'll keep you a single mom forever 11k.
Single parent dating guide: when it's time to get back in the game the greatest challenge of dating as a single parent is keeping all the balls in the air. Best dating sites for single parents: there are 73 single parent dating scams  protect your credit card number and only use the 3 below.
Want to meet single moms or single dads singleparentmeet dating - #1 app for flirting, messaging, and meeting local single dads and single moms the largest subscription dating site for single parents has the best dating appdownload the official single parent meet app and start browsing for free today.
From finding the time to finding the right person, get seven smart tips from our single parent dating pros.
Single parents are seeking answers to questions about everything from fitting in as a single parent, recovering from a divorce, and negotiating for child support and alimony payments, to such challenges as surviving on a single-parent budget, finding a therapist or a support group, and coping with dating and remarriage.
Are you a single mom or single dad parents without partners trust singleparentsmeetcom to help them succeed at online dating.
Home / sex & relationships / heres a crazy idea: why dont single parents  date other single parents so  why are these men not dating single mothers. Personal ads for mcrae, ga are a great way to find a life partner, movie date, or a quick hookup personals are for people local to mcrae, ga and are for ages 18+ of either sex. Find meetups about single parents and meet people in your local community who share your interests. Online dating tips and advice for single parents - from how to set up a profile to arranging dates.
Every Assassins Creed: Revelations player wanted to have this t-shirt. But, as you can see, there is none left. Why? Because of the Ottoman Crest. I was fascinated as well, so I decided to make my own logo using only photoshop vector paths
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the private of this website. Call " " for assistance from our product expert.
Green color signifies for renewal and growth! The ink dries quickly reserve vibrant coverage and avails the ebony with stainless writing experience.
Plus the ebony comprises of ink is pH neutral and are accepted by almost every fountain pen on the market. Your Email ID is not published.
We'll even refund the difference if we lower the price at PenBoutique. That is reserve we want to ensure an honest commitment.
You find a lower price, we do a match and you are happy and we are happy that we have got the green. Bascially, for us Price is not the only point, customer satisfaction is more important.
Dolce&Gabbana child flats sandals in golden Lam leather. Dolce&Gabbana child flats sandals shoes golden metallic leather girls daughte. Authentic DOLCE&GABBANA # D10609 AG770. Designed and Made in Italy from DOLCE&GABBANA. Comes with original DOLCE&GABBANA packaging, box and dustbag (if originally provided). This size chart has been taken from the official DOLCE&GABBANA site. Please check it carefully as it can significantly change from a designer to another. DOLCE&GABBANA shoes use EU size as standard. The size you will find print on shoes is UK size.
Fast and cheap for you. We guarantee that all our products are authentic, brand new without any defects if not explicitly written on product description. You will be able to authentify our products in any DOLCE&GABBANA authorized store. All big brands like DOLCE&GABBANA give on their products an international guarantee.
This is a further guarantee of our seriousness and reliability. If you have any preference for a courier please let us know. Such practice is against international laws.
Why your goods are so cheap? Because we are established in Italy where these brands produce their goods. We have less expenses than common store and other sellers who import the goods it from Italy.
All our goods are new and first selection (no defected or second choice) but they had been in store for almost 6 months. They could had been tryed several times, the same as when you go to a store.
This information is given on an indicative basis but it can change at any time. The item "Dolce&Gabbana child flats sandals shoes golden metallic leather girls daughter" is in sale since Thursday, February 22, 2018.
This item is in the category "Clothing, Shoes & Accessories\Kids' Clothing, Shoes & Accs\Girls' Shoes". The seller is "italian-boutique-shoes" and is located in 50121, Firenze . This item can be shipped worldwide.
Hostages is a high-octane suspense drama about a premiere surgeon thrust into a chilling political conspiracy when her family is taken hostage by rogue FBI Agent Duncan Carlisle. Dr. Ellen Sanders and her family are held captive in their home by Carlisle, a desperate man doing the wrong thing for the right reasons, who orders her to assassinate the President when she operates on him. His highly skilled accomplices include his brother-in-law Kramer, whose loyalty to Carlisle will be tested; quick-tempered and intimidating Archer, an ex-military man with a razor-sharp tongue; and the only woman involved, Sandrine, a mysterious last-minute replacement to the team. With her family's life in peril, Ellen faces an incomprehensible moral dilemma in order to save her overbearing husband Brian, her secretive daughter Morgan and her not-so-innocent son Jake. In this high-stakes standoff between Ellen and Carlisle, fraught with tremendous national and personal consequences, the choices between right and wrong become even more blurred.
Erik van Erne aka Milieunet is working on awareness and change of behaviour by means of communication about energy, sustainability, renewable energy, climate change, environment, waste, recycling, re-use, cradle to cradle, human rights, animal rights and international development cooperation.
Jobs.livecareer.com and our partners use cookies. These cookies only collect personal data when you opt in to search a job. Learn more
Our client is searching for a BI Developer who will be responsible for developing SSAS/SSIS dashboards as well as understanding tableau data reporting
This BI Developer opportunity offers a very competitive salary, as well as a full comprehensive healthcare package and a 401k retirement program.
Eliassen Group provides strategic talent solutions to drive our clients- innovation and business results. Leveraging nearly 30 years of success, our expertise in IT staffing, Agile consulting, creative services, managed services, and life sciences enables us to partner with our clients to execute their business strategy and scale effectively.
Headquartered in Reading, MA and with offices from coast to coast, Eliassen Group offers local community presence, deep networks, as well as national reach. For more information, visit
Eliassen Group is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Don-t miss out on our referral program! If we hire a candidate that you refer us to then you can be eligible for a $1,000 referral check !
VIEW JOBS 11/7/2018 12:00:00 AM 2019-02-05T00:00 As a BI Analyst, you will be charged with providing web analytics reporting and data-driven strategic insights, trends and perspectives. The ideal candidate will develop and maintain relevant data capture, reporting and perform critical data analysis necessary to monitor and improve revenue-related business goals for Red Ventures. This role requires a proactive personality, extremely analytical mindset, attention to detail, and excellent time management and communication skills. Responsibilities * Manage web analytics measurement strategy to standardize tracking taxonomy across multiple websites and business verticals. * Execute on web analytics and marketing tools implementation using Google Analytics 360, Google tag manager and in-house analytics solutions. * Conduct a variety of deep-dive data analyses to gather web behavioral data insights to make decisions on new products, optimization tests and enhancements. * Collaborate closely with all areas of the business (Product, SEO, Performance Marketing, Business Development, Social, Email, Sales, Marketing, Finance, Display/AdOps) to provide analysis, reporting and tool-building capabilities that inform our key stakeholders. * Run ad-hoc reports and develop dashboards on web behavioral data for internal stakeholders. Required Skills * Experience with Google Analytics or other web analytics tools. Google Tag Manager (GTM) experience a plus. * Strong analytical background with a proven track record demonstrating an aptitude to compile data in comprehensive reports, analyze trends and make fact-based recommendations. * Experience with data extraction, manipulation and blending across different data sources (Google Analytics, DoubleClick for Publishers, SQL Server, Snowflake, AWS, Salesforce, flat files, etc). * Experience using BI tools to build dynamic/scalable dashboards. * Writing SQL queries against complex databases for data extraction. * Strong written and verbal communication skills and have experience working on and communicating with fast-paced, dynamic teams. * Team-oriented, self-motivated, success-driven, roll-up-your-sleeves attitude. About Red Ventures: Red Ventures is a multi-billion-dollar portfolio of digital companies that specializes in bringing consumers and brands together. Through bespoke technology, integrated digital commerce and sales, distinguished partnerships, data science, and original content from the company's proprietary brands and marketplaces, Red Ventures provides better end-to-end consumer experiences throughout the buying cycle. Headquartered in the Charlotte metro area, Red Ventures has more than 3,600 employees globally in offices across the US, UK, and Brazil. Red Ventures Charlotte NC
VIEW JOBS 11/7/2018 12:00:00 AM 2019-02-05T00:00 Job Summary The Business Intelligence (BI) and Analytics Specialist has responsibility for data, reporting and analytics processes that touch all aspects of service delivery. This role is critical to the success of the client relationship in driving performance management, process improvement and innovation thru fact-based decision making. In this role, direct or indirect management of analyst deliverables may be expected. This position provides an opportunity to work in a broad range of areas related to a global real estate portfolio, including: facility management and building operations, energy management, leasing, project management, and real estate portfolio planning. Areas of Responsibility * Develop data analysis and interpretation skills in the account team, including predictive modelling and simulation techniques for performance improvement * Deep understanding of contract key performance indicators, reporting requirements and client expectations * Promote and enable the import and export of best practices to and from the account and link the account to emerging practices in the industry and the BI/data fields * Build and promote creative data visualizations and automated tools/reports to derive actionable intelligence * Lead problem solving to develop recommendations based on data interpretation and analysis, to transform behaviors and techniques * Model data and apply advanced statistical concepts to determine significant sources of variability * Designing data integration from multiple systems into manageable data warehouses into analytic data models. * Provide subject matter expertise for all data related processes and analyses * Financial modeling, analysis and compilation of quantitative data * Forecast/trending of performance data * Process mapping and efficiency analysis * Promote success powerfully, such that our client recognizes the value of your work Competencies: * Communication - Excellent presentation skills (verbal and written), Strong understanding of analytic/statistical concepts with the ability to explain them to others at all levels in the organization * Process Improvement - Committed to continuous improvement through empowerment and management by data; is willing to re-engineer processes from scratch * Client Management - Understanding client needs and setting and managing appropriate client expectations within system, project, or contract constraints all while providing exceptional and enhanced customer service. * Problem Solver  Ability to take the lead on solving problems with limited guidance; Self-starter with a strong sense of accountability and ownership. * Project Management  Ability to prioritize and manage workload with multiple deadlines. * Team-building -Key stakeholder and collaborators are geographically dispersed. Getting results from ad hoc groups of disparate people is critical. * Technical Learning - Picks up on technical things quickly; can learn new skills and knowledge; is good at learning new industry, company, product, or technical knowledge; does well in technical courses and seminars. Requirements/Qualifications: * 4-6 years relevant work experience required * High level skill with Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PPT) required. SharePoint experience a plus. * Experience with Tableau and SQL required. Experience with other data and statistical applications are a plus (SSRS, PowerPivot, SAS, Access, Minitab) * Local language to country of job posting required. As JLL is a global company, additional language capability is a plus. * Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Finance, Information Technology or related field required. * MBA or Master's degree in Statistics, Applied Mathematics or related field preferred * Experience with process improvement, Six Sigma a plus The job description includes primary responsibilities and qualifications, and is not intended to be construed as a list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of the person. #LI JLL Privacy Statement When you visit JLL websites, JLL may collect information related to those visits, without you actively sending that information. This information may include, for example, the internet browser you are using, your access device's operating system, the language in which that system presents information to you, your IP (Internet Protocol) address, the web search that took you to the JLL website, the web pages and advertisements displayed to you, and the links you click on. For additional details please see JLL's Global Privacy Statement or our career site pages for each country. For employees in the United States, please see a fully copy of our Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action policy here. Jones Lange Lasalle Inc. Charlotte NC
VIEW JOBS 11/7/2018 12:00:00 AM 2019-02-05T00:00 The Sr Manager, BI & Analytics has responsibility for our Business Intelligence (BI) and Analytics function, as well as the account technology and performance support programs. BI touches all aspects of account service delivery, and the client relationship for technology is high-profile and critical to the success of our innovation and product development efforts. Growing analytics capability throughout the account is an important deliverable. JLL Privacy Statement When you visit JLL websites, JLL may collect information related to those visits, without you actively sending that information. This information may include, for example, the internet browser you are using, your access device's operating system, the language in which that system presents information to you, your IP (Internet Protocol) address, the web search that took you to the JLL website, the web pages and advertisements displayed to you, and the links you click on. For additional details please see JLL's Global Privacy Statement or our career site pages for each country. For employees in the United States, please see a fully copy of our Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action policy here. Jones Lange Lasalle Inc. Charlotte NC
By clicking the above button, you are consenting to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You also consent to have an account created for you on this site so that you can get more out of your job search.
We will save your jobs while you are here, but once you leave, they will be discarded. To save your jobs for when you return, please sign in.
Tired of filling out the same fields every time on your job applications?Let our free Chrome extension
Sorry, this job is no longer accepting applications. See below for more jobs that match what youre looking for!
Provide direct resident care through utilization of nursing standards accurately and in a timely manner.
Follow policies, procedures, and medical/lab protocol for nursing care and notify practitioner of results accurately and in a timely manner.
Implement infection control measures according to facility policies and procedures accurately and in a timely manner.
Report pertinent information and/or changes in the residents' condition to practitioner, Director of Nursing, and/or on-call nurse as appropriate and in a timely manner.
Prepare and administer medications as ordered by the practitioner accurately and in a timely manner.
Chart medication administration on the Medication Administration Record and nurse's notes, if applicable, accurately and in a timely manner.
Assist in performing quarterly health assessments as scheduled by obtaining/reviewing medical/visual/ dental consults, assessing for Abnormal Involuntary Movement Scale, TICS, Extra Pyramidal Symptoms and administering Tuberculosis skin tests, Rapid Strep Tests, Accuchecks and Drug Screens accurately and in a timely manner.
Assist in obtaining verbal/written consents for psychotropic medications accurately and in a timely manner.
Communicate with practitioner to report behaviors and obtain orders for special procedures accurately and in a timely manner.
Document nursing care provided, maintain appropriate records related to residents' progress and activities accurately and in a timely manner (i.e., Incident/Accident reports, medical charts, worker's compensation reports, etc).
Provide care and/or conduct patient/resident interactions in a manner appropriate for the age, culture, and population being served.
Cambridge Isotope Laboratories has an outstanding opportunity to work within the Quality Control Laboratory team in our Tewksbury, MA location. As the leading company in a niche scientific market, CIL works with cutting edge researchers in clinical diagnostics, metabolic research, proteomics, environmental testing, protein discovery, drug development, metabolomics and industrial research. CIL has had consistent growth and profitability for 35 years. CIL's growing customer base spans academia, pharmaceutical and industry, enabling collaborations with Nobel laureates, industry-leading scientists, and chemists. CIL partners with leading instrument manufacturers as well pioneering research groups that have expertise in product development and drive market growth.
Our employees are active contributors to the companys success and enjoy long term careers at CIL. More than 95% of CILs senior managers have been with the company for more than 15 years. CIL employees appreciate the small company atmosphere, value of employee contributions, team camaraderie and excellent benefits package.
The position offers a growth path into the QC Analyst position, given demonstrated performance of the duties presented and of a desire to advance into laboratory analytical roles.
CIL offers a comprehensive benefit program including BCBS health, dental, vision, 401K and sabbatical program.
Cambridge Isotope Laboratories, Inc., with headquarters in Tewksbury, MA, is the worlds premier producer of stable isotope labeled compounds and a world leader in the field of stable isotope separations. CIL has 450 employees with laboratories in the U.S., Canada, France and Germany.
For 35 years, CIL has specialized in the development, production, and marketing of stable isotopes and chemical compounds labeled with stable isotopes. Join us for excellent career opportunities as we drive the expansion of market applications with innovative product development.
VIEW JOBS 10/23/2018 12:00:00 AM 2019-01-21T00:00 <p><strong>QUALITY CONTROL CHEMIST</strong></p> <p>Cambridge Isotope Laboratories has an outstanding opportunity to work as part of the QC Laboratory team in a fast-paced environment in our Tewksbury, MA location. As the leading company in a niche scientific market, CIL works with cutting edge researchers in clinical diagnostics, metabolic research, proteomics, environmental testing, protein discovery, drug development, metabolomics and industrial research. CIL has had consistent growth and profitability for 35 years. CIL's growing customer base spans academia, pharmaceutical and industry, enabling collaborations with Nobel laureates, industry-leading scientists, and chemists. CIL partners with leading instrument manufacturers as well as with pioneering research groups that have expertise in product development and who drive market growth.</p> <p>Our employees are active contributors to the companys success and enjoy long term careers at CIL. Over 95% of CILs senior managers have been with the company for more than 15 years. CIL employees appreciate the small company atmosphere, value of employee contributions, team camaraderie and excellent benefits package.</p> <p></p><p><strong>RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong></p> <ul> <li>Employ the following techniques to characterize a wide range of organic and inorganic chemicals by following documented standard operation procedures: GC, GC-MS, HPLC, NMR, FTIR and numerous wet chemistry tests</li> <li>Follow GMP and ISO guidelines and best practices with detailed documentation</li> <li>Perform calibrations and maintain laboratory equipment</li> <li>Assist with method development, validations and equipment qualifications</li> <li>Author new documents such as new testing methods, protocols, summary reports</li> <li>Utilize computer and informational techniques to process analytical data</li> </ul> <p></p><p><strong>REQUIREMENTS:</strong></p> <ul> <li>BS or MS in Chemistry or other relative science degree</li> <li>Three to five years of industry lab experience with GC, GC-MS, NMR, HPLC experience required; QC GMP experience preferred</li> <li>Demonstrated ability/experience to execute, qualify and validate analytical methods for isotopically labeled chemical compounds</li> <li>Demonstrated ability/experience following documented standard operating procedures</li> <li>Demonstrated ability in preparing test procedures and protocols a plus</li> <li>Hands-on experience with Biovia (formerly Accelrys) LIMS/LES system or similar (Waters Empower) strongly preferred; Cheminformatics experience a plus</li> <li>Must be able to multi-task in a fast-paced environment and possess strong verbal and written communication skills</li> <li>Must be able to work effectively independently and as part of a team</li> <li>Familiarity with testing in a GMP or ISO environment is required</li> </ul> <p><br></p><p>CIL offers a comprehensive benefit program including BCBS Health, dental, 401K and sabbatical program.</p> <p>If you meet these qualifications, please submit your resume.</p> <p>CIL is an EEO/Affirmative Action employer.</p> <p><br></p><p><br></p><p><br></p><p>About us:</p> <p>Cambridge Isotope Laboratories, Inc., with headquarters in Tewksbury, MA, is the worlds premier producer of stable isotope labeled compounds and a world leader in the field of stable isotope separations. CIL has 450 employees with laboratories in the U.S., Canada, France and Germany.</p> <p>For 35 years, CIL has specialized in the development, production, and marketing of stable isotopes and chemical compounds labeled with stable isotopes. Join us for excellent career opportunities as we drive the expansion of market applications with innovative product development. </p> <p>Learn more about us on our website: <a href="https://workable.com/nr?l=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.isotope.com%2F" rel="nofollow noreferrer noopener" class="external">www.isotope.com</a></p> Cambridge Isotope Laboratories, Inc. Tewksbury MA
VIEW JOBS 10/25/2018 12:00:00 AM 2019-01-23T00:00 Job ID : 81074BR Location : US - Massachusetts - Tewksbury : Job Description When you're part of the team at Thermo Fisher Scientific, you'll do important work, like helping customers in finding cures for cancer, protecting the environment or making sure our food is safe. Your work will have real-world impact, and you'll be supported in achieving your career goals. Location/Division Specific Information This position offers an exciting opportunity for a highly motivated and experienced Supplier Quality professional. The role is located in Tewksbury, MA and will have a key impact on the success of the Field and Safety Instruments (FSI) Business Unit. Field and Safety Instruments (FSI) is a new business within Thermo Fisher that was established in 2017 by the merger of two legacy businesses. FSI is the leader in handheld spectrometers for a wide range of applications across industrial, pharma, safety/security, nuclear power, and healthcare markets. How will you make an impact? You'll be driving change as a transformational, hands-on and insightful leader, mentoring the team and implementing strategic and tactical plans to drive sustainable Supplier Quality process improvements. Our commitment to Quality is at the heart of our brand and vital to our growth and success! That's especially important at FSI where delivering a Quality product enables our Customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. What will you do? * Direct responsibility for all Supplier Quality-related activities across the FSI Business to establish and enhance the Supplier Quality Management System from strategic planning to hands-on implementation on topics such as approved supplier list, supplier auditing, non-conforming material, corrective action resolution, supplier management, first article inspection, counterfeit parts avoidance, etc. * Operate successfully in a matrix organization and own Supplier Quality initiatives across Functions, Departments and Suppliers in order to resolve issues and improve performance. * Leverage Thermo Fisher Scientific's PPI Business System to drive productivity and continuous improvement across the Supplier Quality function. * Lead supplier strategy by establishing and implementing key performance metrics for the function and managing supplier business reviews on a standard cadence * Identifying supplier risk and systemic performance issues ensuring root-cause analysis and corrective solutions are identified and implemented with closure plans * Ensuring flow down of Product requirements both internally and to sub-tier suppliers and ensuring compliance with quality requirements * Up to 30% travel to supplier, sub-supplier and manufacturing sites both domestic and internationally. * Other duties as assigned How will you get here? * Minimum of a Bachelor's degree in Engineering or a Scientific discipline * Training in Lean Sigma/Six Sigma processes. Green or Black belt certification preferred * Minimum of 5 years' experience in managing, leading and developing a supplier quality team in an electronics, electro-mechanical environment. Experience with demonstrated improvement of supplier quality and a strong background in auditing. * Proven experience as a "Champion for Quality" * Experience working with and managing multiple projects and teams simultaneously across a matrixed organization * Working knowledge of manufacturing process (PCB fabrication and assembly, injection molding, and Electro Mechanical assembly) * Testing and trouble-shooting of electro-mechanical components preferred. Knowledge, Skills, Abilities * A decisive leader who is able to inspire and motivate teams across cultures and geographies and can clearly articulate goals and objectives * Experience with Problem-Solving techniques such as 8D, DMAIC, A3, etc. * Knowledge and experience with lean manufacturing principles, DOE, Process/Design FMEA. * Expert with ISO9001:2015 standard and its applicability in a manufacturing environment * Excellent relationship building and persuasion skills with the ability to motivate and influence others. * Committed and self-driven with a positive mindset, flexible and persistent * Strong critical thinking skills with attention to detail without losing the greater picture * Analytical skills and data-driven thinking  ability to develop solutions for business needs * Ability to use Microsoft Office Tools: Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint * US Citizenship is required At Thermo Fisher Scientific, each one of our 70,000 extraordinary minds has a unique story to tell. Join us and contribute to our singular missionenabling our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. If you are an individual with a disability who requires reasonable accommodation to complete any part of our application process, click here for further assistance. Thermo Fisher Scientific is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status. Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. Tewksbury MA
VIEW JOBS 11/4/2018 12:00:00 AM 2019-02-02T00:00 Looking for a company that values what you contribute? At Heritage, you're more than a license. If you're looking to work at a growing, family-owned company that seeks to live out its core values every day, keep reading. If the phrases below describe the way you live and work, we'd like to speak with you. * Put each customer first * Treat others like family * Partner for success * Take personal responsibility * Strive for better * Perform as a professional * Give back to others About Us As the largest residential Plumbing, HVAC, and Electrical company serving New Hampshire and Massachusetts, it is our mission to Make Home Service Exceptional. For over 30 years, it's been our professionalism, and focus on a job done right that has led to steady growth. Even with that growth however, we have maintained a family atmosphere. At Heritage you will be cared for as a person, what you think matters. Our philosophy of financial transparency offers a respectful, collaborative environment where people listen to and support one another. We provide opportunities for personal and professional development to build confidence within our teams. Employees experience top pay, benefits, and profit sharing, alongside a culture that sustains a healthy work/life balance. Please watch an Employee Testimonial below, and copy this link into your browser to see more!: Click here Qualifications * EPA Universal Certification * MA Journeyman or Master Plumbing License * MA Gas License * MA Oil Burner License (Preferred) * Valid Driver's License * Able to pass a drug test, background and driving record check * Care about the work you do * Communicate well with customers * Want to serve customers exceptionally * Take personal responsibility for your role * Contribute to a positive team experience * Willing at times to work after business hours Pay and benefits * $30-$40/hr * Profit sharing * Paid time off, plus major holidays * Year round work, no layoffs * Medical, dental, and vision insurance * Life, AD&D, short/long term disability insurance * 401k fund with company match * Company vehicle * Laundered uniforms * Company cell phone * Tool and boot allowance * Opportunity for growth * Personal and professional training and development * Tuition reimbursement for field related courses * Positive company culture and team building opportunities Work Schedule * Full-time, M-F (40 hrs/wk): 8 AM - 5 PM, or when job is complete * Occasional Saturdays To submit an application, click "Apply for this Position." If you have any further questions please reach out to Jess at 603-647-4881 x7158 or jdaly@justcallheritage.com. Heritage Phce Tewksbury MA
The primary objective of this role is to generate sales of Calpine Energy Solutions (Solutions) products and services to current and prospective customer accounts.
Responsible for generating gross margin commensurate with objectives by delivering value for current and prospective customers.
Stay current with market and regulatory changes and convey likely implications to clients in a timely, clear and concise manner.
For all assigned accounts, work to gain an understanding of the dimensions of their deregulated footprint, energy program objectives, risk appetite, sustainability goals, key buying influences, competitive threats and decision making processes to develop
Collaborate closely with cross-functional team members to improve business processes and maximize profitability.
Utilize Solutions CRM tool to provide a timely and accurate record of customer interactions, pending transactions, critical next steps and to dependable forecasting.
Articulate the benefits of Solutions product and service capabilities to clients with solid technical expertise and persuasive communication skills.
Build strategic relationships with all key buying influences throughout current and prospective client organizations to maximize opportunities for Solutions to deliver value.
Continue to learn and grow by participating in formal and informal training as agreed upon with the RVP, Sales.
Three or more years of proven, energy industry sales experience - closing transactions. Alternatively, successful completion of objectives and exhibition of skills necessary for the position as observed in a Sales Analyst role.
Solid interpersonal and negotiating skills to ensure issues are identified early and feasible solutions are developed on a timely and equitable basis.
Problem solver, offering practical thinking and approaches when applicable, providing sound analysis and judgment when making decisions and/or recommendations.
Must have solid market & product knowledge to educate customers on pricing and application of competitive advantages to meet or exceed customer needs.
Equal Opportunity Employer of Minorities, Females, Protected Veterans, and Individuals with Disabilities.
Calpine is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment and need special assistance or an accommodation to use
our website or to apply for a position, please send an e-mail with your request to hrrecruitment@calpine.com. Determination on requests for reasonable accommodation are made on case-by-case basis.
VIEW JOBS 11/8/2018 12:00:00 AM 2019-02-06T00:00 SUMMARY The Sales Representative will increase new and existing business by adapting ANSYS engineering simulation products and solutions into customers' engineering environments and product development processes, ultimately helping customers develop new products and improve existing products and processes. The Sales Representative will be responsible for driving sales from initial contact to close within an assigned geographical territory, and/or specified named accounts. Work will be done primarily via phone and web based meetings out of the ANSYS Canonsburg office. RESPONSIBILITIES * Accountable to deliver quarterly and annual sales targets as well as intermediate sales forecasts * Develop and manage pipeline and advance sales opportunities through sales process to close * Perform online or face-to-face product sales presentations on ANSYS engineering simulation software solutions, provide quotations, negotiate deals, obtain purchase orders and contracts * Conduct company / market / industry research, identify key stakeholders, understand decision processes and establish decision criteria within target companies * Share relevant case studies and solution ROI metrics, and persuade key stakeholders to change / transform engineering design processes by implementing a recommended individual solution based on interpretation of target company information gained * Regular and disciplined CRM usage regarding pipeline, sales forecast and opportunity / account / contact management * Through continual contact with various levels and departments within customer organizations, extend and elevate relationships by working to further understand needs, barriers to simulation adoption, improvement opportunities and circumstances regarding the process of engineering product development * Serve as a resource to ANSYS channel partners within a designated territory by assisting with the sales process related to new and existing accounts, up to and including opportunity close MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS * Bachelor's degree in technical or business field * Strong work ethic, and motivated to work in a high performing, results oriented environment * Strong verbal and written communication skills required PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS * Preferred minimum of 1 year of work experience CULTURE AND VALUES Culture and values are incredibly important to ANSYS. They inform us of who we are, of how we act. Values aren't posters hanging on a wall or about trite or glib slogans. They aren't about rules and regulations. They can't just be handed down the organization. They are shared beliefs  guideposts that we all follow when we're facing a challenge or a decision. Our values tell us how we live our lives; how we approach our jobs. Our values are crucial for fostering a culture of winning for our company: * Customer focus * Results and Accountability * Innovation * Transparency and Integrity * Mastery * Inclusiveness * Sense of urgency * Collaboration and Teamwork ANSYS is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. ANSYS does not accept unsolicited referrals for vacancies, and any unsolicited referral will become the property of ANSYS. Upon hire, no fee will be owed to the agency, person, or entity. Esterel Technologies Houston TX
VIEW JOBS 11/3/2018 12:00:00 AM 2019-02-01T00:00 Job Description Job Title:Sales Representative FLSA Status:Exempt Department:Sales Summary The Sales Representative is responsible for selling and presenting Varonis' products and services to current and net-new prospective enterprise accounts. The Varonis Sales Representative will be aligned with a local Sales Engineer. The goal, as a team, will be to build a strong business justification to the end-user, while ensuring that the given annual quota is met/exceeded. Responsibilities * Prospect and identify key decision makers within the targeted leads. * Present and sell Varonis' products and services to current and potential clients. * Follow up on leads and referrals resulting from field activity, while maintaining and expanding the database of contacts within the targeted organizations. * Uphold sales activities which includes prospecting, cold calling, booking appointments, performing demos, and creating proposals. * Present to C-Level prospective clients as well as to resellers through effective and enticing product demonstrations. * Partner with Sales Managers and Channel Managers to determine a strategic sales approach. * Establish and maintain current customer relationships by responding to customer requests and managing/resolving customer issues. * Support the reseller communication channel throughout the sales process. * Maintain accurate account information and activity detail in Customer Relationship Management system (CRM). * Participate in marketing events such as seminars and trade shows when necessary. * Percent of travel varies by territory. Requirements * 5+ years of business-to-business sales experience/preferably selling computer software. * Security Software industry experience preferred. * Salesforce and Microsoft Outlook skills preferred. * Prior experience selling software products through use of channel partners is a plus. * Strong communication and presentation skills. * Healthy list of pre-established and prospective contacts in given territory. * Willingness to learn technical aspects of selling the Varonis product. * Bachelor's Degree from a four-year College/University is preferred. Competencies To perform this job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies: * Achievement Focus: Demonstrates persistence and overcomes obstacles; recognizes and acts on opportunities; sets and achieves challenging goals; takes calculated risks to accomplish goals. * Sales Skills: Achieves sales goals; initiates new contacts; maintains customer satisfaction; maintains records and promptly submits information; overcomes objections with persuasion and persistence. * Sense of Urgency: Displays a matter of utmost urgency; understands the importance of making critical business decision in a timely manner with strong attention to detail; realization that efficiency and prioritization is critical to success. * Customer Service: Manages difficult or emotional customer situations; meets commitments; responds promptly to customer needs; solicits customer feedback to improve service. * Problem Solving: Identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner; gathers and analyzes information skillfully; develops alternative solutions. * Written Communications: Edits work for spelling and grammar; presents numerical data effectively; varies writing style to meet needs; writes clearly and informatively. * Oral Communication: Demonstrates group presentation skills; listens and gets clarification; responds well to questions; speaks clearly and persuasively. * Adaptability: Adapts to changes in the work environment; manages competing demands; changes approach or method to best fit the situation; able to deal with frequent change, delays, or unexpected events. * Planning/Organizing: Prioritizes and plans work activities; uses time efficiently; plans for additional resources; sets goals and objectives; develops realistic action plans. We invite you to check out our Instagram Page to gain further insight into the Varonis culture! @VaronisLife Varonis is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics. Varonis Systems Houston TX
VIEW JOBS 10/31/2018 12:00:00 AM 2019-01-29T00:00 <p>Wayside Publishing is seeking a results-driven people person to expand our customer base by converting qualified leads, cold-calling and networking into long-term profitable relationships.</p><p>The territory will focus on the Southwestern US. Candidate must reside within territory.</p><p>The ideal candidate will have talent in sales and experience in customer service. We expect you to be a reliable professional, able to achieve balance between customer orientation and a results-driven approach. You will leverage both inside and outside sales techniques to achieve sales quotas within time and budget constraints.<br></p><p>This is a full-time, remote position that requires the ability to work well independently. Youll need to be as comfortable working and presenting to world language teachers and school administrators in-person as you are in your home office, making calls and connecting digitally.</p><p>Primary Responsibilities</p><ul> <li>Close sales by leveraging email, phone calls, and webinars while reserving in-person presentations for key opportunities</li> <li>Establish and maintain relationships with educators throughout your territory, including both current and potential customers</li> <li>Effectively demonstrate how our print and digital solutions can work in conjunction with a schools curriculum and technology</li> <li>Record and maintain an effective territory database using Salesforce</li> <li>Create loyal customers by providing or ensuring excellent service before, during, and after program adoption</li> <li>Collaborate with internal teams to ensure that products and services are exceeding the expectations of schools and students</li> </ul><p>Required Knowledge, Skills, and Attributes</p><ul> <li>2+ years sales experience</li> <li>Able to manage long sales cycles, typically 10+ months</li> <li>Enjoys frequent (up to 70%) overnight travel</li> <li>Lives within commuting distance of a major U.S. airport</li> <li>Possesses a valid driver's license and maintains a satisfactory driving record</li> <li>Loves networking</li> <li>Easily and eagerly adopts new technology</li> <li>Creative, flexible, and takes initiative</li> <li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills</li> <li>Teaching experience is a plus; World Language teaching experience is even better</li> <li>Proficiency in one or more of the following is a strong plus but not required: Spanish, French, German, or Italian.</li> </ul><p>What We Offer</p><ul> <li>Competitive compensation: base salary plus achievement-based incentive bonus</li> <li>Health insurance with options for dental, vision, life insurance, pet insurance, and more</li> <li>Retirement savings plan with employer contribution, employer-paid STD and LTD policies</li> <li>Paid holidays</li> <li>Work/life balance as a company value</li> </ul><p>Wayside Publishing believes inspired, empathetic learners can change the world. We partner with educators to craft transformative texts and digital tools that foster communication and understanding across cultures. Join our team.</p><p>To be considered for this position, submit your resume and cover letter. No phone calls or emails please. Emailed applications will not be considered. A criminal and child abuse background check will be required before beginning employment.</p> Wayside Publishing Houston TX
R121's direct end-user client is looking for a Senior SAP EDI Developer to join them on a full-time, permanent, salaried basis near Cleveland, OH. Our client recently implemented SAP and is looking to build a team of SAP Analysts from the ground up. You would be one of the first employees to establish best practices within EDI in this new SAP environment.
US citizens and those authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply because we are unable to transfer or sponsor H1b candidates now.
Minimum of 8 years of experience in business application design, development, installation, and modification
Ability to read and debug ABAP code and connect results with business requirements and overall process flow
Design new EDI/SAP interface solutions based on business requirements, write functional specifications and mapping documents, test and implement solutions in production - support full development life cycle
Strong functional and technical knowledge of SAP, especially in the SD module; ability to navigate throughout the system, data dictionary, and the related table structures
R121 is an internationally recognized IT Consulting Services firm established since 2003 with a specialty in SAP, Cloud Solutions & Big Data. We understand the marketplace and pride ourselves on serving IT candidates as individuals, not commodities. We recognize a candidate's personalized skills and can match them with both direct end clients and select consulting partners.
If you are interested, please respond to this ad with an updated resume and a summary of your skills. We look forward to hearing from you soon.
VIEW JOBS 11/7/2018 12:00:00 AM 2019-02-05T00:00 Company Name: Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc Position Title: SAP Solution Lead Analyst Days / Hours: Mon  Fri / 8am  5pm Location: 1 Applied Plaza, East 36th Street, Cleveland, OH 44115 Summary of Duties: Process production incident tickets including diagnosis, analysis, and work with end user to identify resolution. Identify root cause of a business problem and provide resolution through configuration or work with developer on customized solution. Design and documentation of functional design. Develop and execute test scenarios including regression testing. Utilize SAP related software testing tools where appropriate. Enforce project management methodology. Perform functional testing. Train end users. Work as a lead in the Team to coordinate and manage tasks and assignments for production support incidents and change management issues within functional area. Monitor activity of the functional team using the reporting features of the current Incident and Change Management Tools (Service Now, Jira, etc.). Schedule regular meetings with the Functional Team and the primary business partner to review open issues and progress of critical tasks. Meet with the SAP Solution Managers and other functional Team Leads for discussion and planning. Identify resource constraints that are impacting the group. Review issues that require cross-functional team involvement. Identify opportunities for cross-functional training within the SAP Solutions group and schedule training sessions accordingly. Develop and review the progress of departmental CSIP goals. Manage projects to deliver the business solution based on the requirement. Gather the requirement involving SAP managers and functional team members along with business users. Work with the functional team to convert business requirement to functional requirement. Build and maintain project plan. Work with program manager to provide status updates on projects. Work with functional team member to build test cases and work with business to complete UAT. Deliver the solution to business. Qualifications: * Bachelor's degree in Information Technology, Computer Science or related field AND 5 years of experience in the job offered or as SAP SD Pricing Analyst, Consultant or related. * (5 years) SAP SD module, including writing and reading functional designs and pricing. * (5 years) Identifying root cause of a business problem and provide resolution thru configuration or work with developer on customized solution. * (4 years) SAP debugging technique and root cause analysis skill. * (3 years) MS Excel. * (3 years) SAP Master Data with an emphasis on customer, vendor, and material tables. * (2 years) Develop and execute test scenarios including regression testing. * (2 years) Utilizing SAP related software testing tools such as Panaya. Applied Industrial Technologies (NYSE: AIT) is a leading industrial distributor that offers more than 6.5 million parts to serve the needs of MRO and OEM customers in virtually every industry. In addition, Applied provides engineering, design and systems integration for industrial and fluid power applications, as well as customized mechanical, fabricated rubber and fluid power shop services. Applied also offers storeroom services and inventory management solutions that provide added value to our customers. We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, gender, sexual orientation, age, disability, protected veteran status, marital status, medical condition or any other characteristic protected by law. If you need accommodation for any part of the employment process because of a disability, please send an email to hiring@applied.com or call 216-426-4389 to let us know the nature of your request. Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. Cleveland OH
VIEW JOBS 11/7/2018 12:00:00 AM 2019-02-05T00:00 Join Eaton's Information Technology team and help positively impact our business through leading technologies, exciting and challenging enterprise projects and new platforms. We are currently seeking an SAP Security Team Lead in our Architecture, Governance and Security Center of Excellence (AGSCOE). This position is based at our Beachwood, OH facility. No relocation is being offered for this position. If the candidate resides within 50 miles of Beachwood, Ohio, the candidate must work at that site. If the candidate resides more than 50 miles away from Beachwood, Ohio, the candidate will work remote from another US Eaton Facility or an approved home office. The function of the Enterprise Identity and Access Management (IAM) organization at Eaton is to provide a set of services that initiate, capture, record, and manage user identities and their related access (permissions) to company resources within and outside of the company. The SAP Security Team Lead's primary responsibility is to design, construct, and deliver SAP Security solutions to address business and technical requirements, leveraging standard principles and patterns, as well as establishing them, where applicable. The individual filling this role will establish SAP Security reference architectures and align technical roadmaps to near-term project requirements. To be successful in this role, one must also be able to apply the real-world application of SAP Security technologies to architectures, as well as anticipate demands/gaps in service capabilities and identify solutions that fulfill them. In this role: * You will communicate the SAP Security strategy through concise, technical architecture documents, including the enumeration of all dependencies and integration points and the definition of methodology and standards for interaction, to ensure functional team members have clear direction regarding engagement and integration with the SAP applications. * You will consistently evaluate technologies to shape design of services in consideration of cost, portability, compatibility, or usability factors. * You will leverage and influence technical strategy and direction for SAP security environments. * You will provide thought leadership and command respect for opinion within the SAP Security space. * You will champion industry best SAP Security practices across the SAP landscape and change management. * You will collaborate with program and project managers, customers, and technical resources to determine project schedule, as well as provides strong leadership by adhering to standard departmental policies, processes and documentation guidelines for project delivery. Drives decisions and deliverables across teams. * You will conduct interviews with customers for purposes of project design and/or architectural evolution. Authors and upholds BRDs throughout the design process. Feeds input back into the strategy and roadmap process to ensure the program continues to evolve to meet current and future needs. * You will manage projects up to an enterprise level deployment. * You will review all SAP Security changes to ensure they meet all SAP Security requirements, including authorization and governance, risk and compliance (GRC) requirements Making what matters work at Eaton takes the passion of every employee around the world. We create an environment where creativity, invention and discovery become reality, each and every day. It's where bold, bright professionals like you can reach your full potentialand where you can help us reach ours. When we embrace the different ideas, perspectives and backgrounds that make each of us unique, we  as individuals and as a company  are stronger. We are committed to ensuring equal employment opportunities for all job applicants and employees. Employment decisions are based upon job-related reasons regardless of an applicant's race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, disability, marital status, genetic information, protected veteran status, or any other status protected by law. Basic Qualifications: * Bachelor's Degree from an accredited institution is required. * Minimum 7 years of SAP Security experience. * Minimum 3 years of experience managing projects through the full system development lifecycle in large, multi-national organizations. * Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without company sponsorship. Position Criteria: * Experience developing SAP Security strategies, architectures and implementation plans. * Experience building SAP Security solutions. * Awareness of compliance and privacy regulations relevant to SAP Security in a worldwide environment (HIPAA, Export Compliance, SOX, etc.). Preferred Qualifications: * Master's degree in a technical discipline such as: B.E / BTech / MCA / Equivalent (EITC) is preferred. * Excellent proficiency with the English language (written and verbal). Additional language capabilities are a plus. * Experience defining roles and managing an enterprise SAP RBAC hierarchy Experience integrating with enterprise IAM solutions. Eaton Corporation Cleveland OH
CLICK ON LINK ABOVE TO VIEW COMPLETE JOB POSTING Please Note: Incomplete applications will not be considered. At least two references must be provided on your application.
Copy of Transcript (Degree or unofficial copy of transcript showing a minimum of completing 48 college units. If you have neither, please take our Instructional Aide Test (ESSA) prior to submitting your application.)
Resume (Current resume to include some experience in working with students with disabilities is highly desirable.)
Open to PYLUSD Permanent Employees, substitutes and external applicants.Interviews will begin with Permanent Applicants Qualified for an Interview. See Job Description/See Attachment/See Link Below
VIEW JOBS 8/28/2018 12:00:00 AM 2018-11-26T00:00 Residence Inn by Marriott helps guests thrive while on long stays so they can perform at their best. Spacious suites with full kitchens offer the comforts of the modern home, while employees provide service with a human touch to business and leisure travelers alike. Working at Residence Inn, you will build relationships grounded in team work and experience the legendary Residence Inn service culture which focuses on delivering against the unique needs of long stay guests. Find Your World at Residence Inn by Marriott. Job Summary Respond promptly to requests from guests and other departments. Identify and report preventative or other maintenance issues in public areas or guest rooms. Post caution signs. Contact other departments directly for urgent repairs. Deliver guest requests and set up furniture items in guest rooms as requested. Remove items from hallways and transport to service areas, including debris, room service food and beverage trays, unread newspapers, soiled linens, and trash placed near Housekeeper carts. Clean, maintain, and store cleaning equipment. Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report any maintenance problems, safety hazards, accidents, or injuries; complete safety training and certifications. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional. Maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Support all co-workers and treat them with dignity and respect. Support team to reach common goals. Comply with quality assurance expectations and standards. Move at a speed that is required to respond to work situations (e. g., run, walk, jog). Visually inspect tools, equipment, or machines (e. g., to identify defects). Grasp, turn, and manipulate objects of varying size and weight, requiring fine motor skills and hand-eye coordination. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Move through narrow, confined, or elevated spaces. Move over sloping, uneven, or slippery surfaces and steps. Move up and down a ladder. Move up and down stairs and/or service ramps. Move, lift, carry, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 55 pounds without assistance and in excess of 55 pounds with assistance. Ability to push and pull a loaded housekeeping cart and other work-related machinery over sloping and uneven surfaces. Stand, sit, kneel, or walk for an extended period or high frequency across an entire work shift. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors. Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture. Marriott International does not discriminate on the basis of disability, veteran status or any other basis protected under federal, state or local laws. Marriott International Placentia CA
VIEW JOBS 11/1/2018 12:00:00 AM 2019-01-30T00:00 Full Time Music TherapistFull Time Board Certified Music Therapist Placentia, CA Job#: MTHOlaxCA69241890 A career with Brookdale has never been more rewarding. As a senior living solutions company, Brookdale is committed to providing the best options for the residents that we serve, for all of the places life can go. The services that we offer ensure that residents continue to live the lives that they want while also meeting all of their needs along the way. Every day our 50,000 associates collaborate to guarantee that this promise is fulfilled in more than 640 communities. Our Senior Living Solutions include: Independent Living, Assisted Living, Memory Care, Skilled Nursing, Therapy, Hospice, Home Health, LifeCare, and Continuing Care Retirement Communities. More than a company, it is a calling. Your responsibilities: * Develop individualized music therapy plan of care by completing the music therapy assessment with patient and family when referred in accordance with the interdisciplinary plan of care. * Utilize independent discretion during patient evaluation and guide the patient in the use of creative therapeutic activities for the purpose of improving or maintaining mental and physical function and quality of life. * Organize music therapy interventions using various genres and methodologies. * Implement the music therapy interventions in accordance with the interdisciplinary plan of care. * Direct other care team members including, when appropriate, hospice aides and family members in the use of music to achieve individualized care plan goals. * Evaluate the effectiveness of music therapy services with the patient. * Document all services provided to hospice patients and families in the clinical record. * Terminate therapy services when appropriate. * Provide in-services to staff, hospitals, nursing homes, and other facilities as requested and determined appropriate. * Serve as the counselor at IDG meetings, participates in on call rotation, and assists with sign ups and consents for newly referred patients. * Participate and/or facilitate Brookdale Hospice memorial services. * Facilitate grief support groups as identified by the IDG. * Provide bereavement counseling to family members, as identified * Participate in the on-call schedule, as required Required skills and qualifications: * Bachelor's Degree in Music Therapy * Board Certified as a Music Therapist by the Certification Board for Music Therapy * Must be willing to also do Bereavement Counseling * Hospice experience preferred * One year of experience in hospice counseling or social services is preferred * Must be a licensed driver with an automobile that is in good working order and insured in accordance with state and organization requirements If interested contact: Donna Winterhaler at dwinterhaler1@brookdale.com or 615-339-3621 If you are a Brookdale Associate, please consider referring someone through the Good People Program! Brookdale is an EOE-(Equal Opportunity Employer) and drug free work place Brookdale offers a number of benefits to full-time associates including, but not limited to: medical, dental, vision, disability, life, paid time off, educational reimbursement. All associates, age 21 and older, are eligible to participate in the 401(k) retirement savings plan. Brookdale Senior Living Placentia CA
VIEW JOBS 11/7/2018 12:00:00 AM 2019-02-05T00:00 Responsibilities The person in this position is responsible for performing general maintenance tasks including work orders and unit turns, maintaining the grounds, curb appeal, clubhouse, amenities, and other common areas at one or more properties in order to assist preserving the asset and to provide a quality living environment for the residents. This position reports to the Maintenance Supervisor and/or Community Manager. Key responsibilities of this position include, but are not limited to the following: * Performs maintenance projects and tasks with minimal supervision consistent with Company policy and direction from the Maintenance Supervisor, Community Manager and/or CM&S * Assists with administration of maintenance functions, e.g., tracking of inventory, data entry of work orders, maintaining updated records in relation to Mold and Mildew Log, Pool Log, etc. * Maintains the highest level of customer service for prospects, residents, vendors, and corporate departments * Compliance with company standards as defined in the Human Resources Policy Manual, Operations Playbook and applicable laws, e.g., Fair Housing, Landlord Tenant, Local Building Codes, OSHA, and EEOC Qualifications * High school diploma or equivalent, college and/or trade school preferred * Relevant certification (e.g., HVAC, CPO) strongly preferred * One to two years industry or maintenance related experience * Proficient knowledge of electrical, plumbing, and appliance repair with hands on experience * Knowledge of environmental/industrial hazards (i.e., asbestos, lead, mold, radon) as they apply to residential housing * Available to be "on-call" when requested and promptly respond to work order requests during assigned periods, except during meal periods and rest breaks during which time employee is relieved of all duties and the Company relinquishes any control over how employee spends this time * Proven organizational and time management skills * Valid driver license and automobile insurance * Ability to read and write English; speak English and understand spoken English * General understanding of the Microsoft suite, property management software preferred Job Requirements PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS * May be exposed to constant activity that requires intermittent standing, bending, crouching, pushing/pulling, lifting/moving/carrying (light to heavy weight material/appliances/ equipment), climbing ladders/stairs, and walking on rooftops * Requires manual dexterity sufficient to operate small-motorized equipment (i.e., repetitive hand/wrist, gripping and elbow motion) * Must have normal range of hearing, vision, color discrimination and depth perception for proper operation of machines and equipment * Requires the use of appropriate safety equipment (e.g., back belts, goggles, masks, gloves, etc.) ATTENDANCE Position requires ability to work any of the 7 days of the week, 52 weeks of the year. It is critical that individuals possess the ability to work their scheduled hours plus any other hours necessary to complete the job and must attend training classes as scheduled. Work schedules and location assignments are subject to change. Ensure compliance with time management policies including meal and rest periods. Essex Property Trust Placentia CA
We founded Rover.com with the mission to connect dog owners and pet parents with the world's largest network of pet sitters and dog walkers. Why? We strongly believe that everyone should have the opportunity to experience the unconditional love of a dog.
Rover improves and simplifies life for pet parents and the dogs they love by connecting owners with trusted pet care whenever they need it. Millions of services have been booked on Rover, including pet sitting, dog walking, in-home dog boarding, and doggy day care. Needless to say (but we're going to say it anyway) we love dogs!
Founded in 2011 and headquartered in Seattle, we have seen tremendous growth in the United States and Canada. Backed up by our latest funding round of 155m US$, we are an agile and ambitious, fast-growing company with a team of 370+ people, and our leadership comes from some of the most respected tech companies.
Now, Rover.com and the benefits we spread to pet lovers is expanding further in Europe! We are looking for multilingual Trust and Safety Agents - German / French in our Spokane office to support our European users.
Rover's Trust & Safety team is responsible for providing excellent customer care through prevention and resolution of safety issues while balancing and mitigating risk to the company and our customers. We aim to provide expedient and thoughtful resolution through investigation, analysis, and enforcement of Rover.com's Terms of Service. The Trust & Safety team works with cross-functional stakeholders to recommend process and policy changes that promote safety of the Rover experience as well as overall customer satisfaction.
In this role, you will be working at the center of Rover.com offering exceptional customer service through sensitive situations. You will provide support for Trust & Safety core enforcement issues as well as providing supplemental support to our international team, serving as a point of contact in Seattle for language and policy enforcement. This individual exemplifies Rover values, thrives in a fast-paced environment, and is a positive team player.
Work with distributed teams/leaders to ensure consistent and quality policy enforcement and issue resolution
Communicate effectively and manage escalated conversations in a professional manner between customers and third parties
Flexible in dynamic environment with ability to pivot accordingly to ensure team efficiency and deliverables are met
VIEW JOBS 11/10/2018 12:00:00 AM 2019-02-08T00:00 JOB PURPOSE Develops, establishes and maintains relationships with high net worth clients and their families. Coordinates and leads a team approach to financial planning, investment management, banking, credit and trust services. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES * Develops and fosters full balance sheet relationships for Private Bank clients. * Facilitates the financial planning process and team approach to result in financial solutions for clients and drive business. * Actively networks to identify and target new opportunities to develop and expand client relationships. * Meets with existing and prospective clients to assess financial service needs and propose solutions. * Provides financial advice and counsel to existing and potential customers within appropriate legal constraints. * Develops and maintains professional referral networks. * Builds relationships with internal referral partners and identifies when partners need to be brought in as part of the client experience and wealth management team. * Coordinates the sponsorship of client events to generate business opportunities. * Maintains a working knowledge of all Umpqua Bank and Umpqua Investments, Inc. products and services in order to effectively cross-sell all appropriate services. * Comply with all Federal, State, and local consumer protection laws governing loan origination including the SAFE Act, its implementing regulation (Regulation G), and SAFE Act registration and renewal rules as defined by the bank. * Demonstrates compliance with all bank regulations for assigned job function and applies to designated job responsibilities  knowledge may be gained through coursework and on-the-job training. Keeps up to date on regulation changes. * Follows all Bank policies and procedures, compliance regulations, and completes all required annual or job-specific training. * Maintain a working knowledge of Bank's written policies and procedures regarding Bank Secrecy Act, Regulation CC, Regulation E, Bank Security and other regulations as applicable to this job description. * May be asked to coach, mentor, or train others and teach coursework as subject matter expert. * Actively learns, demonstrates, and fosters the Umpqua corporate culture in all actions and words. * Takes personal initiative and is a positive example for others to emulate. * Embraces our vision to become "The World's Greatest Bank." * May perform other duties as assigned. SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES None. REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES * Bachelor's degree in business, finance, marketing, or equivalent, required. * 5-8 years' prior wealth management, private banking and/or investment management experience. * Proven track record in developing business in the private banking and investment management industry. * Proficient in various credit strategies, bank products/services and investment options. * Excellent communication and relationship building skills with ability to build strong partnerships with internal business partners. * Holds leadership roles in community organizations. * Must possess Series 65 license. Series 66, Series 7 and Life & Health Insurance licenses desirable. * Proficient in ability to present to small and large audiences. * Must be registered as a MLO as per the S.A.F.E. Act requirements. REGISTERED MORTGAGE LOAN ORIGINATOR (MLO) * This position requires you to act as a Bank MLO, which is defined as an individual authorized by the Bank to take mortgage loan applications, offer a mortgage, arrange a mortgage, assist a consumer in obtaining or applying to obtain a mortgage, negotiate a mortgage, otherwise obtain or make a mortgage for another person, represent to the public (through advertising or other means of communication) that such person can or will perform any of these activities, or refer a consumer to a loan originator (Note: Except those employees of the Bank who do not discuss particular credit terms available and do not refer the consumer, based on the employee's assessment of the consumer's financial characteristics to a particular Bank MLO) for compensation or gain. All MLOs will be required to register as an MLO complying with the SAFE Act requirements. * This position is authorized to act as a Bank Closed-End MLO, which is defined as any position designated to perform the activities of a Bank MLO for closed-end transactions, and thus subject to specific Truth-in-Lending Act and Regulation Z Loan Originator requirements. PHYSICAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL DEMANDS * Office environment  no specific or unusual physical or environmental demands. * Occasional travel. Umpqua Bank is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, protected veteran status, or disability. We maintain a drug-free workplace and may perform pre-employment substance abuse testing. * LI-UP Umpqua Bank Spokane WA
VIEW JOBS 11/10/2018 12:00:00 AM 2019-02-08T00:00 Description Secretary Supervisor Reentry Division Brownstone Work Release Spokane, Washington The Department of Corrections is seeking a highly motivated and qualified individual for the permanent position of Secretary Supervisor within the Reentry Division. This position will be located in the Brownstone Work Release located in Spokane, County, Spokane, WA. Whether the work is inside a prison, in community corrections, or in an administrative office, the Washington State Department of Corrections professional staff experience a high degree of personal satisfaction knowing they are creating environments in which all offenders can learn to make choices that contribute to a safer society. Application Process: Click the green 'Apply' button on the job posting, sign in or create an account. Complete your application and attach the following items to your application: * A current resume (chronological, indicating your related experience); * A Letter of Interest (preferably no more than two (2) pages) describing how you meet the qualifications and why you are an ideal candidate for this position; and * Three (3) professional references. Phone number AND email address are required for all professional references. Incomplete application packages may disqualify an application from the selection process. Agency Profile: DOC's mission is to improve public safety. We lead the nation with innovative and evidence-based practices that are aimed at reducing recidivism and improving public safety. Our employees find this profession both challenging and rewarding as they work together with law enforcement officers, treatment providers, and community members to facilitate change in residents' lives. Department staff experience a high degree of personal satisfaction knowing they are creating environments in which residents can learn to make choices that contribute to a safer society. The DOC consists of the Office of the Secretary, the Office of the Deputy Secretary, Prisons Division, Community Corrections Division, Administrative Operations Division, Health Services Division, Reentry Division, and the Indeterminate Sentence Review Board. The DOC employs over 8,200 staff and has a biennial budget of approximately $1.8 billion. Duties This position supervises clerical staff that support the Community Corrections Supervisor and Community Corrections Officers within the Brownstone Work Release while providing complex secretarial services and assistance to the Community Corrections Supervisor and/or staff members and oversees clerical support operations in support of the Department of Corrections Mission: The Department of Corrections in collaboration with it's criminal justice partners, will contribute to staff and community safety and hold offenders accountable through administration of criminal sanctions and effective re-entry programs. Primary responsibilities are: * Assists the Community Corrections Supervisor(s) by preparing supervisor files, submit IT/access/equipment requests, Personnel Alert emails, employee criminal history requests, emergency contact sheet, and account for supplies and equipment for incoming or outgoing staff. Assist in the staff hiring process. * Maintain inventory control and appropriate forms on supplies, duty gear, furniture, cell phones, and equipment. * Develop and modify work methods, procedures and strategies to solve new and/or unusual problems with the unit. * Performs OA3 duties when OA3 is absent or during high volume time periods. * Identify support staff training needs and provide cross training, formal and informal training. * Develop and maintain job aids in order to assist staff in the completion of duties. * Assign, monitor and review staff work products. * Maintain supervisory files on all assigned staff. * Update, review and complete Position Descriptions and Performance Development plans. * Manage the hiring process for support positions. * Approve/deny leave requests. * Independently problem-solve with OA3 when necessary. Provide management support for the clerical unit. Ensures distribution and efficient management of the office by reviewing work to determine quality control and accuracy. Responsible for the position descriptions and staff evaluations. Provides primary training of all new clerical support staff. * Act as liaison for office machine repairs/services, IT request/needs, phone lines, document destruction. * Prepare staff meeting agenda, diversity items and bulletin board. Update electronic calendars, and make appointments. * Monitor special projects, request system reports and audit caseloads. * Anticipate/determine needs, utilize both electronic (TRACKS, internet) and manual ordering system to order, receive, and distribute office supplies, duty supplies/equipment, cell phones, business cards, UA supplies, buss passes, and forms, following established procedures while staying within budget guidelines. Verify receipt of items ordered, electronically process packing lists for payment. * Prepare PR's for purchases, and payments for miscellaneous repairs and services by the business office, and sign as authority of their payment. * Maintain an efficient filing and record keeping system for offender work release files, facility inspections, offender grievances, and building expenditures. * Attend meetings as the supervisors' representative; provides information and report conclusions to supervisor's unit. Format typing/composing letters, memorandums, confidential and sensitive materials, etc; and signs after clearing technical/policy content with the supervisor. Have thorough knowledge of policies and procedures and respond to inquiries. * Liaison for supervisor. Answer questions and communicate supervisors' goal and objectives requiring thorough knowledge of supervisors activities. Attends meetings as the supervisors representative; provides information and report conclusions to supervisors unit. Other duties as assigned Qualifications Required: * High School Diploma or GED. * Three years of increasingly responsible office experience, including experience leading the work of others. * Computer knowledge required. * Ability to file, use appropriate grammar, punctuation, and spelling. * Strong written and verbal communication skills. Preferred/Desired Qualifications: * Two (2) years experience with the management of a facility or office budget. Supplemental Information 'The mission of DOC is to improve public safety.' For additional information about the agency, please visit doc.wa.gov. IMPORTANT NOTES: * Please include a minimum of three professional references with your application. A professional reference is defined as an individual who has been paid to supervise your work and can attest to your work performance, technical skills, and job competencies. If you do not have any or sufficient professional references, please include non-related professionals, such as educators or other professional associates. Phone number AND email address are required for all professional references. * Prior to a new hire, a background check including criminal record history will be conducted. Information from the background check will not necessarily preclude employment but will be considered in determining the applicant's suitability and competence to perform in the position. * Employees may work directly with or in close proximity to incarcerated individuals in a potentially hazardous setting. Please consider this when deciding whether to apply. * We are committed to maintaining a drug and alcohol free work environment, and our employees are expected to comply with all state and federal laws. A pre-employment drug test may be administered as part of the selection process, and applicants who test positive for any controlled substances, will be disqualified from consideration. * Oleoresin Capsicum (OC) is an aerosol pepper spray made available as a means of self-defense and/or de-escalation. Applicants with sensitivities or allergies are encouraged to ask about the level of exposure they could expect in this position. * Animal care projects are a common component of most Washington State prisons, including dog and cat programs. Applicants with animal sensitivities or allergies are encouraged to ask about the level of exposure they could expect in this position. * Tuberculosis (TB) is a priority health issue for DOC employees. The successful candidate may be required to provide valid proof of a baseline TB skin test within 60 days from the date of hire. When positive tests result, further information, testing and treatment may also be required. Employment is not contingent upon test results. * If this position is included in a Union Shop, employees will be required to become members within thirty (30) days of employment. We are committed to hiring individuals who possess core diversity competencies: * Foster a positive attitude and openness toward the ever changing social and cultural makeup of the workplace. * Work effectively with people of different perspectives, abilities, disabilities, races, religions, ages, lifestyle preferences and social, ethnic and cultural backgrounds. * Respectfully acknowledge people's differences and recognize these differences as important and valuable. * Promote inclusiveness. * Be culturally sensitive and appropriate. * Respect and value diverse backgrounds and traditions. DOC is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, creed, color, national origin, sex, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity diversity, age, honorably discharged veteran, veteran status, genetic information, or the presence of any sensory, mental or physical disability or the use of a trained guide dog or service animal by a person with a disability. For questions about this recruitment, or to request reasonable accommodation in the application process, please email Yasmin Hughes or call us at (509) 324-8341. For TTY service, please call the Washington Relay Service at 7-1-1 or 1-800-833-6388. State Of Washington Spokane WA
VIEW JOBS 11/10/2018 12:00:00 AM 2019-02-08T00:00 Description Community Corrections Supervisor Reentry Division Brownstone Work Release Spokane, WA Note: This WMS recruitment is open to current Washington State Department of Corrections employees only The Washington State Department of Corrections (DOC) is seeking a highly motivated and qualified individual to fill the Community Corrections Supervisor (CCS) position within the Reentry Division. The CCS will have overall responsibility managing staff and offenders at the Brownstone Work/Training Release, a 24/7 correctional facility. The position is located at the Brownstone Work Release, Spokane County, Spokane, Washington. Whether the work is inside a prison, in community corrections, or in an administrative office, the Washington State Department of Corrections professional staff experience a high degree of personal satisfaction knowing they are creating environments in which all offenders can learn to make choices that contribute to a safer society. Agency Profile: DOC's mission is to improve public safety. We lead the nation with innovative and evidence-based practices that are aimed at reducing recidivism and improving public safety. Our employees find this profession both challenging and rewarding as they work together with law enforcement officers, treatment providers, and community members to facilitate change in residents' lives. Department staff experience a high degree of personal satisfaction knowing they are creating environments in which residents can learn to make choices that contribute to a safer society. The DOC consists of the Office of the Secretary, the Office of the Deputy Secretary, Prisons Division, Community Corrections Division, Administrative Operations Division, Health Services Division, Reentry Division, and the Indeterminate Sentence Review Board. The DOC employs over 8,200 staff and has a biennial budget of approximately $1.8 billion. Duties The Community Corrections Supervisor (CCS) has overall responsibility of the management of staff and participating individuals at the Brownstone Work/Training Release, a 24/7 residential correctional facility. This position is responsible for efficiently and effectively managing the work release facility, meeting department goals in successfully transitioning participating individuals into the community. This position educates stakeholders on department initiatives while building relationships with the local communities. This position oversees risk management and discipline within the work release program, as it relates to RCW's, WAC's, operational inspections, and policy directives. The CCS uses independent judgment and discretion when analyzing operations and developing solutions to problems. This position identifies problems and potential solutions related to criminal behavior and risk to the community; ensures client accountability through: research based programs targeted to offender risk, programming in collaboration with other criminal justice and state agencies. This position works collaboratively with Victim Services, Department of Social & health Services (DSHS), Veterans Services, Vocational Rehabilitation Services, and other community agencies integral to offender transition. Primary Responsibilities Include: * Supervise and manage staff, facilities, and work performed in assigned unit: Monitor individual employee and team performance to ensure accepted standards for quality, timeliness and policies are implemented and adhered to; conduct timely employee performance evaluations and ensure proper coaching and training is provided; train new staff on laws, agency policy and processes; manage staff schedules; and coordinate and maintain a safe/efficient work place; monitor and maintain productive relationships with contract staff. * Implement, direct and evaluate statewide programs/policies (i.e., risk management, offender programs, community involvement): Approve/oversee arrests, searches, and evidence management in accordance with policy and current legal mandates; responsible for ensuring department policies are met with regard to: security, foodservice, property management, mail, religion, diversity, visitor/sponsor issues, families and employers; respond to community, staff, and victim concerns, and media inquiries regarding residents and/or incidents within the community and facility; promote staff facilitation of and resident participation in evidence based resident change programs; participate in and maintain productive public relations with local community agencies and resources; mitigate resident risk to the community by working with staff to accurately assess and identify risk factors; complete facility incident reports within the Incident Management Reporting System (IMRS); conduct Critical Incident Reviews and prepare the Incident Review Report; conduct PREA investigations and prepare reports; responsible for developing and implementing Facility Emergency Response Plans; ensure the work release facility meets applicable American with Disabilities Act (ADA) standards and DOC policies regarding ADA. * Development and supervision of the offender classification standards: Administer and facilitate review and implementation of classification discussion and recommendation for resident programming, classification, and transition planning; conduct Classification Reviews; chair and make final decisions regarding screening committees/boards and participates in committees within the community for the effective transition of residents and the management of the work release in the community; have final approval of the custody and facility plan; responsible for ensuring resident release plans are developed that allow residents to release on their Earned Release Date. * Plan, lead, organize, and control the work performed by the organization: In conjunction with HR, participate in the recruitment process; develop, implement, and review annual facility goals; investigate staff misconduct, workplace and PREA complaints and complete corrective action plans; responsible for the development, implementation, screening participants and ensuring functionality of the following programs: volunteers and family friendly programs, grievances, Offender Betterment Fund and community involvement; conduct and/or participate in Audits to include Federal Department of Justice PREA, Department of Health, Work Release, Fire Marshal and Safety Audits and complete corrective action plans: participate on specialized departmental/division committees to review current policies, procedures, and programs to develop processes/procedures for implementation and recommendation executive management; Qualifications Required Qualifications: * A Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university whose accreditation is recognized by the U.S. Department of Education or the Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA). * Two (2) years supervisory or lead experience. Can be gained concurrently with required experience. * Demonstrated ability to provide positive leadership in times of stress, conflict, and unforeseen events. Remain calm and rational while handling difficult situations to include, but not limited to, volatile, threatening, or other crisis/emergency situations. Expertly intervene in response to threats. * Understanding and working knowledge of resident management and supervision, including behavior management, security and safety; and resident programs including preparation of residents for successful supervision in the community. * Experience on the effective application of Human Resource practices to maintain a trained and diverse workforce. * A minimum of five (5) years' experience in Corrections or a related field. * Experience working with other governmental and/or social service entities in the development or implementation of a program, project, or other joint venture. Desired Qualifications: * Knowledge of Department of Corrections policies/procedures, RCWs, WACs, and ACA standards applicable to correctional facility operation and management. * Knowledge and experience delivering reentry programs and services. * Experience with facility physical plant management, contract management, operating and capital budget management, state procurement and purchasing regulations. * Experience working in a correctional facility which serves incarcerated men and women. * Experience preparing for and participating in internal and external audits and/or inspections processes. * Experience in the effective application of Human Resource practices to maintain a trained and diverse workforce. * Experience in applying the Sentencing Reform Act, particularly as it pertains to community placement, the Offender Accountability Act, and Sentencing Alternatives. In addition this position requires: * Community Relationships - Participates in the formation and maintenance of successful relationships with criminal justice partners and community resources. * Observation - Observes and strategizes personal response based on environmental conditions and human behavior. * Stress Tolerance - Remains calm and rational while handling difficult situations to include, but not limited to: volatile, threatening, or other crisis/emergency situations. Expertly intervenes in response to threats. * Professional Standards - Knows and applies community corrections related law, policy, procedure, and practice. Adheres to productivity standards and timelines established by law and policy. Identifies own training needs and proactively seeks training opportunities. * Adaptability - Incorporates new information into an existing framework of understanding. Accepts change and supports the Agency through changes in law, policy, and procedure. How To Apply To begin the online application process: * Click the green 'Apply' button on the job posting and sign in or create an account. * Complete your application. * Please attach the following to your application: * Current Resume (in addition to the NeoGov profile application) * Letter of interest describing your motivation for applying for this position, how your skill set meets the position's qualifications and why you are an ideal candidate for the position. * Writing sample which demonstrates the applicant's ability to perform or produce accurate, articulate work product. * Complete standard and supplemental questions. * Click "Accept & Submit" to submit your application. Please include contact information for a minimum of three professional references with your application. Phone number AND email address are required for all professional references. Please ensure your application is complete including current/previous employer with address, telephone number and supervisor's name and that all other blocks of information are complete to include salary and the reason for leaving prior employment. Applications that are incomplete, may not receive further consideration. The information provided in your application must support your selected answers in the application questionnaire. All answers are verified and documentation may be required. Responses not supported in your application will disqualify you for consideration of employment from this requisition. A thorough reference check will be conducted for final applicants. Supplemental Information 'The mission of DOC is to improve public safety.' For additional information about the agency, please visit doc.wa.gov. IMPORTANT NOTES: * Please include contact information for a minimum of three professional references with your application. A professional reference is defined as an individual who has been paid to supervise your work and can attest to your work performance, technical skills, and job competencies. If you do not have any or sufficient professional references, please include non-related professionals, such as educators or other professional associates. Phone number AND email address are required for all professional references. * Prior to a new hire, a background check including criminal record history will be conducted. Information from the background check will not necessarily preclude employment but will be considered in determining the applicant's suitability and competence to perform in the position. * Employees may work directly with or in close proximity to incarcerated individuals in a potentially hazardous setting. Please consider this when deciding whether to apply. * We are committed to maintaining a drug and alcohol free work environment, and our employees are expected to comply with all state and federal laws. A pre-employment drug test may be administered as part of the selection process, and applicants who test positive for any controlled substances, will be disqualified from consideration. * Oleoresin Capsicum (OC) is an aerosol pepper spray made available as a means of self-defense and/or de-escalation. Applicants with sensitivities or allergies are encouraged to ask about the level of exposure they could expect in this position. * Animal care projects are a common component of most Washington State prisons, including dog and cat programs. Applicants with animal sensitivities or allergies are encouraged to ask about the level of exposure they could expect in this position. * Tuberculosis (TB) is a priority health issue for DOC employees. The successful candidate may be required to provide valid proof of a baseline TB skin test within 60 days from the date of hire. When positive tests result, further information, testing and treatment may also be required. Employment is not contingent upon test results. * If this position is included in a Union Shop, employees will be required to become members within thirty (30) days of employment. We are committed to hiring individuals who possess core diversity competencies: * Foster a positive attitude and openness toward the ever changing social and cultural makeup of the workplace. * Work effectively with people of different perspectives, abilities, disabilities, races, religions, ages, lifestyle preferences and social, ethnic and cultural backgrounds. * Respectfully acknowledge people's differences and recognize these differences as important and valuable. * Promote inclusiveness. * Be culturally sensitive and appropriate. * Respect and value diverse backgrounds and traditions. DOC is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, creed, color, national origin, sex, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity diversity, age, honorably discharged veteran, veteran status, genetic information, or the presence of any sensory, mental or physical disability or the use of a trained guide dog or service animal by a person with a disability. For questions about this recruitment, or to request reasonable accommodation in the application process, please email Yasmin Hughes or call us at (509) 324-8341. For TTY service, please call the Washington Relay Service at 7-1-1 or 1-800-833-6388. State Of Washington Spokane WA
If youre experienced in devising and implementing programmes that positively impact individuals and institutions, this is an exciting time to join us
We are looking for someone with a proven track record in education management, and improving outcomes for children and young people.
The IT and Infrastructure Manager is a pivotal role that will play a crucial part in the delivery of the academys IT and Facilities systems.
The Guardian Jobs is all about inspiring careers; connecting you with thousands of quality employers and award-winning career advice.
 2013 - 2018 Guardian News and Media Limited, all rights reserved. Powered by Madgex Job Board Software
You are here: Home / Previous Papers / MAHADISCOM Diploma Engineer Trainee Previous Papers || Download DET &GET Question Papers @ www.mahadiscom.in
Download MAHADISCOM Diploma Engineer Trainee Previous Papers which are available on the official page @ www.mahadiscom.in. The department of the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited has released the MAHADISCOM Graduate Engineer Trainee Question Papers for all the applied candidates of the Graduate Engineer Trainee Posts.
Contenders who have applied for this MAHADISCOM GET & DET Posts, those ones can collect the MAHADISCOM Diploma Engineer Trainee Previous Papers on this page. Addition to this, candidates you can also catch the information of the MAHADISCOM Exam Pattern along with the MAHADISCOM DET Solved Papers.
From this web page, candidates you can get the subject wise MAHADISCOM Graduate Engineer Trainee Previous Papers. Before starting the preparation, applicants can get the MAHADISCOM DET GET Previous Papers. Because of the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited can make the Exam Paper with the reference of the MAHADISCOM Diploma Engineer Trainee Question Papers and Syllabus. So, contenders immediately download the Maharashtra SEDCL Solved Papers and start the preparation from now onwards.
After the completion of the application process, every applicant very eager to collect the MAHADISCOM Diploma Engineer Trainee Previous Papers for best preparation. For the sake of those candidates, we are giving the MAHADISCOM DET Question Papers in the pdf format. Because which is very easy to download. This MAHADISCOM GET Old Papers are very useful for the applicants of the Graduate Engineer Trainee Posts to boost up their preparation. Extension to this, aspirants you can also search the details of the Maharashtra Govt Jobs, by referring to the provided link.
Contenders, are you searching for the MAHADISCOM Diploma Engineer Trainee Previous Papers? if your answer is yes then save Maharashtra SEDCL Graduate Engineer Trainee Question Papers on this page. Here on this page, you can collect all the details about the MAHADISCOM DET Solved Papers and Exam Pattern of the written examination. By seeing the MAHADISCOM GET Model Papers and Exam Pattern, postulants can get the brief clarity about the written examination. For more details of the MAHADISCOM GET Exam Pattern, once observe the above table. Postulants in this article, you can also get the notifications of the job alerts to bookmark our page www.jobschat.in.
Aspirants, you can also collect the www.mahadiscom.in Model Papers from the authoritative site, but it will take more time. Thats why we are providing the direct links to catch the MAHADISCOM Diploma Engineer Trainee Previous Papers within a fraction of seconds. By practicing the provided MAHADISCOM Old Papers, postulants may know how to solve the questions in the exam papers in an easy manner. So, candidates prepare hard for the Maharashtra SEDCL GET Written Examination with the help of the MSEDCL Graduate Engineer Trainee Question Papers and perform well in the written exam.
G,Rexroad Steve Miller was sensational, the Dead were even better......Jimi could have stayed home as good as he was....the Dead sold me that day
I was ending my Freshman year in high school. I was 14 years old. The night before this concert I tie-dyed a brand new white t-shirt in three colors, just for this show. My Dad drove me and a buddy to the show.The show was great! It was in Temple Stadium, an outside venue. The stadium is no longer there, but all my memories are. I saw Pigpen.
In Rock Scully's book LIVING WITH THE DEAD there is a misidentified photograph (one of many!) of a beardless Jerry with a cigarette in his mouth and strumming his guitar. Bobby is next to him. In the background is the stands of Temple Stadium.
Be the first to know about the Grateful Deads exclusive limited-edition releases, breaking news on the band, community events, and so much more. Its all happenin!
By submitting my information, I agree to receive personalized updates and marketing messages about Grateful Dead based on my information, interests, activities, website visits and device data and in accordance with the Privacy Policy. I understand that I can opt-out at any time by emailing privacypolicy@wmg.com.
- We thank you kindly for joining the Grateful Dead's mailing list! Customize your notifications to ensure you don't miss out on local events, giveaways, and more.
Birth Date Month January February March April May June July August September October November December Day 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31
By submitting my information, I agree to receive personalized updates and marketing messages about Grateful Dead based on my information, interests, activities, website visits and device data and in accordance with the Privacy Policy. In addition, if I have checked the box above, I agree to receive such updates and messages about similar artists, products and offers. I understand that I can opt-out from messages at any time by emailing privacypolicy@wmg.com.
Youre currently visiting our Forum as a guest which limits your access. If youre a Dealer Principal or work at an Automotive Dealership we would like to invite you to join our community. Membership is 100% FREE and provides you with the following benefits:
Could this be the greatest car on the planet? If not, then it has to be close. Of course, the product film is very well done as well. I'm not much of a Mercedes fan, but this car and the film caught my attention. Very well done!
I'm still getting caught up and just had a chance to watch the YouTube video - it was very well done.
Overall I like the styling of the new S-Class and I agree that it sets the standard for luxury and technology. Some of the new accident avoidance technology is simply amazing. There's no question in my mind that we're not too far away from having "self-driving" cars become available in the marketplace.
The one feature I didn't see in the S-Class video was the availability of "self-parking" technology - I wonder if it's even available? Clearly Mercedes has the technology to offer self-parking - I just wonder if the Germans are opposed to the idea in the same way they hated installing cup holders in their cars?
Wow that's amazing with iconic design and groundbreaking design Mercedez Benz S class.I agree it lacks in self parking technology but the Brake Assist System detect crossing traffic and pedestrians, which is amazing
I agree it lacks in self parking technology but the Brake Assist System detect crossing traffic and pedestrians, which is amazing
My bet is Mercedes could easily incorporate the self-parking feature in the new S-Class but they refuse to do it because they don't want to be seen as pandering to people who don't know how to drive.
It's like BMW and cup holders - I remember reading that the Germans hated the idea of adding cup holders to their vehicles because they felt cup holders detracted from the driving experience. Ultimately BMW caved in when it was clear the U.S. customers were demanding interiors with cup holders.
my bet is mercedes could easily incorporate the self-parking feature in the new s-class but they refuse to do it because they don't want to be seen as pandering to people who don't know how to drive.
It's like bmw and cup holders - i remember reading that the germans hated the idea of adding cup holders to their vehicles because they felt cup holders detracted from the driving experience. Ultimately bmw caved in when it was clear the u.s. Customers were demanding interiors with cup holders.
The S Class will not only parallel park itself, but it will back-in as well. Steering Assist, is the coolest--it will literally follow the car in front of it, making small corrections to the wheel as you drive (or even bigger ones). It knows if you take your hands off the wheel, however, and will only let you do so for 15 seconds at a time.
I was under the mistaken impression that Mercedes didn't offer parking assist on their cars. While I'm still betting there are some hard-core German Engineers who are opposed to the concept there's no question that the parking assist features are something that many consumers want.
Looking back from my ninth decade, my career as an educator has been marked by many successes. But I cannot forget the failures I encount...
Hey Kids, Let's Cook! is an innovative cooking show, based on nutrition, created just for kids and teens. The series debuted in November of 2006, and helps children and teens develop cooking skills, while demonstrating how to make easy, irresistible, delicious recipes. Kids love the entertaining format including field trips, and meeting fun new characters: Yolkel, PyRamid, Farrah on Manners, and Emma. Parents and educators love the nutrition education, living skills, and core-curriculum integrated into each episode. Hey Kids, Let's Cook was created just for "chewers just like you!"
Sunday, Nov 4, 2012 - 4:30 AM "Personal Pizzas" This recipe is every kid's favorite and a personal favorite of mine, so we call it Personal Pizzas. These are going to be "made to order", or "just the way you like it", with a blend of cheeses, gooey mozzarella cheese and an endless list of creative toppings like olives, grilled vegetables, and pepperoni. And you know pizza restaurants from all over America give a unique name to their own specialty pizzas on the menu. D
2010 how to use assessment for learning in the classroom the complete guide how togreat classroom teaching series volume 2 DOC
2021 married to bhutan how one woman got lost said i do and found bliss author linda leaming jul 2011 DOC
2036 ion exchange and solvent extraction a series of advances volume 18 ion exchange and solvent extraction series DOC
2055 psychology of persuasion unleash the power of influencing people gaining confidence mastering communication and becoming a leader business influence leadership DOC
2069 physics 8th eighth edition by cutnell john d johnson kenneth w published by wiley 2009 hardcover DOC
2075 lighthouses of the pacific coast your guide to the lighthouses of california oregon and washington a pictorial DOC
2107 advanced race car chassis technology hp1562 winning chassis design and setup for circle track and road race cars DOC
2109 idihom industrialization of high order methods a top down approach results of a collaborative research project funded by the european union 2010 fluid mechanics and multidisciplinary design DOC
2142 30 addition worksheets with five 5 digit addends math practice workbook 30 days math addition series 20 DOC
2148 the bodybuilding cookbook 100 delicious recipes to build muscle burn fat and save time the build muscle get shredded muscle fat loss cookbook series DOC
2195 the african trilogy things fall apart no longer at ease and arrow of god everymans library cloth DOC
2200 for us it was heaven the passion grief and fortitude of patience darton caniada blanchsussex academic studies on contemporary spain DOC
2216 being buddha at work 101 ancient truths on change stress money and success paperback common DOC
2258 aisc manual of steel construction load and resistance factor design third edition lrfd 3rd edition DOC
2278 mining and social transformation in africa mineralizing and democratizing trends in artisanal production routledge studies in development and society DOC
2288 dating advice bundle 50 dates to keep her coming back for more dating ideas from a modern bad boy and naughty girl a sex guide to what men want DOC
2303 review of medical microbiology and immunology twelfth edition by levinson warren mcgraw hill medical 2012 paperback 12th edition paperback DOC
2308 new wine in old skins a comparative view of socio political structures and values affecting the american revolution essays presented at an of the american revolution bicentennial DOC
2319 a brief look at the root of inarticulation and how it can be reversed the causes and cures lie within each of us the power of being articulate DOC
2321 aging and vulnerability to environmental chemicals age related disorders and their origins in environmental exposures issues in toxicology DOC
Discover Mangas forums, share your thoughts, informations, images and videos with thoushands of users around the world on Indonesianforum.
"proses interview di lakukan di kantor bukan ruangan kerja tapi di taman. proses interview berjalan sekitar 30 menit, setelah itu langsung nego gaji dan putuskan langsung diterima pada saat itu. kemudian ketika saya pulang dari interview dan sudah tiba di rumah, saya menerima telepon dari yang interview saya kalau gaji saya yang sudah di sepakati ternyata tidak di acc oleh owner. jadi gaji saya turun Rp.300.000,-"
Learn to be great at sex and learn to love sex  it helps. May 1, at I have heard lately that she slept with him, even tho he is with her best friend friend, there friendship doesn't seem good anymore.
If not, read this next: And of course the familiar wig from last time was on the ground, I put that on without asking. I was half awake when I felt something.
First the girls did my makeup and hair. We had, and many of us still have, a lot more cortisol the stress chemical running through our bodies as children than all other kids. I sat down next to her friends, who reached in my pants feeling up my diaper, giving me a boner. We will often need to go through an emotional process in order to cope with the event, before finally coming to the conclusion that we can recover and move on.
His commitment, which is only demonstrated in proportion to its duration. I HAVE to tell him about this really funny thing that happened!
She wanted me to pinky promise her something and drew a smiley face on my pinky We Appreciate Patience We wish you would be really, really patient with us. Recently she has ignored me when talking online but at school she acts like we still talk a lot.
But again, what was I supposed to do! Play to their determination, make it funny. I got my teacher to change my place in class to sit next to him. She flipped over and took her bra off.
Do you know what to do to get things back on track? Many of a woman's triggers for romantic love are less immediate: Dating for Months, but Not Serious? She got a new boyfriend who looked alot like me.
I've seen her walk out side a few minutes after I do for something tiny. It was sooo nice to get that thing out of me. I went up to my room, and just crashed. Thanks Luke Dean 5 months ago Hey Jay so there is this girl at work I've met and I think we have a good vibe like she always comes to talk to me and she just makes eye contact with but now she doesn't respond to my texts I'm confused Al 6 months ago Ok so what if she asks u buncha questions then backs off?
I saw Kassy smirking, Kayla and her friends told me to wave to the camera that captured it all. Patrick 21 months ago She would playfully touch me when chatting. I was so excited that I wanted to share this with my husband, but he was not so excited to hear about it.
Why did she asked after sex,she could asked before having sex,can any1 tell me what is she thinking????
So of course this leads back to me. Don't wait around for his feelings to "grow" the way yours sometimes do. The awkwardness was crazy. Her friends kept giggling.
But lately she has started ignoring me and barely says a word to me and still sits either across from me or right next to me she has a choice to sit somewhere else because she is the second person to enter the lunchroom at our table. For Thebes first week of highschool I saw her walk back and forth through the halls in between a few of my classes and at lunch I sat across the lunch room from her.10 Things You Must Know About Dating Korean Girls.
Note: The article 10 Things You Must Know About Dating Korean Girls was meant to be for fun. I am speaking from just my own personal experience as a white male and, of course, these points do not refer to all Korean women.
She will be obsessed with evading awkward questions about relationship status from others and avoid situations in which they might come up. Interactions are sometimes carefully managed to imply her boyfriend is her husband without telling a direct lie.
Written by Ryan Jakovljevic Ryan is a counsellor and couples therapist with nearly 10 years of experience working with people to resolve relationship issues in a practical and effective way. A fourteen-year-old trying to find her way in the world, Doreen is as much an outcast at school as she is at home.
Marginalized by her peers, misunderstood by her parents, and mourning the loss of her older brother who disappeared when she was just a child, Doreen finds solace in her fierce love of music and in her best friend, Ted. I met my boyfriend through mutual friends. I wasn't very attracted to him at first.
He wasn't the best looking guy in the world and he was a little quiet. News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services.
We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our site, show personalized content and targeted ads, analyze site traffic, and understand where our audience is coming from. To find out more, please read our Privacy Policy, which has also been updated and became effective May 25th, 2018.
By choosing "I Accept", you consent to our privacy policy, our use of cookies and other tracking technologies.
You are missing some Flash content that should appear here! Perhaps your browser cannot display it, or maybe it did not initialize correctly.
Protected by Anti-Spam ACP	Powered by phpBB  2000, 2002, 2005, 2007 phpBB Group | Theme by: Talihim Yok
We collect IP addresses strictly in order to prevent fraud and protect our customers. This information is not passed to third parties.
Cookies are used to gather statistics about visits to the site, and to prevent fraudulent data entry.
Notice: as you have not accepted cookies, there will be limitations to the functionality of the site. Warning: you have disabled cookies in your browser, which will limit the functionality of the site.
The information below is specific to the Honda - FJS 600 Silverwing Scooter 1 01, showing anything for service information to the amount of fork oil or even the tyre pressures. If you would like to contribute any missing information, please use the edit link below.
All information presented on the website is given to the best of our knowledge at the given time. All information is intended to only as a guide. A major Japanese manufacturer's quote:
We reserve the right to vary our specification with or without notice, and as such time and in such manner as we think fit.
4:19 Davids laugh sounds like when the wayans brothers dressed up as white chicks. what a beautiful chocolate man. Beautiful UHAHAHAHAHAH.
Was about to say can you imagine giving David something more lethal than a paintball gun gun then he has a flamethrower haha
David I think you should get a upgrade on you paintball gun. Its time for a speed ball paintball gun.
Like every David Dobrik fan they sat to themselves what am I doing with my life? Then they say I dont care hes f*cking funny 
This one made me laugh so hard, been a hot minute since the entire video had my stomach hurting
Can I have Zane? Like to keep...in a basement...I mean as a house guest...yeah house guest. Please? 
The vlog squad have to be the best group of friends of all time! I make short videos too if u wanna check them out :) Thanks so much
Ive rewatched this so many times because I cant stop laughing!!  Thank you, I needed this. Best vlog ever.
My paintings are about the beauty of fully saturated colors, their reaction to each other and the profound effect viewing them has on us all. I strive to create colors that vibrate against each other while making subtle changes in hue that seem to cause flat space to bend.
I work to give each painting a sort of proud-chested feeling. This is accomplished by not allowing the subject to completely fit on the canvas and by altering the viewpoint and perspective, creating a feeling of iconic architecture.
Its the architecture of buildings redefined by the use of vivid color that define my collection of Pop Constructivist-style paintings called Architectural Portraits.
This image of 40 Inspirational Decoration for Bedroom is a portion of and just one of our characterize stock we have to improve home in this site. If youre inspired , amazed and charmed by this 40 Inspirational Decoration for Bedroom home Design Ideas , you can download it by right click it and click keep image as. We hope that , by posting this 40 Inspirational Decoration for Bedroom, we can fulfill your needs of ideas for house Designing or Remodeling Home. If you need more house Design Inspiration or home Design Ideas to amend house , you can check at our growth right below this post. with , dont forget to always visit lighthearted home Design frill Daily Ideas to locate a other and lively proclaim everyday. Regards , spacious house Design titivation Daily Ideas Admin.
40 Inspirational Decoration for Bedroom  From the thousands of images on the web in relation to decoration for bedroom
, we all picks the very best selections having ideal image resolution simply for you all, and now this photos is actually among graphics series within our best images gallery concerning 40 Inspirational Decoration for Bedroom. I really hope youll think its great.
That impression (Decoration for Bedroom Inspirational 25 Best Milieu Bedrooms Images On Pinterest Middle Bedrooms and) previously mentioned is actually labelled together with: decorating for lake house,decorating for teachers,decorating for ugly sweater party,decoration for dining room,decoration for restoration hardware,
submitted by simply kevinrosswilson.com from 2017-11-14 14:33:55. To determine most photos within 40 Inspirational Decoration for Bedroom photographs gallery you need to stick to this link.
What is Local History and why do such collections exist in Public Libraries? Jane Baxter, Heritage Manager for the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames, will discuss these questions and share some anecdotes about her 30 years working with the Richmond upon Thames collection.
Non-members are very welcome and will be invited to pay 4 on the door. We dont sell advance tickets  there is no need to book as the venue has plenty of space and you can be sure to find a seat.
Occurs in north-eastern Queensland on the higher parts of the Atherton Tableland and the higher parts of the coastal ranges between Mossman and Mount Bartle Frere, including the Bellenden Ker Range.
Epiphytic or lithophytic herb forming small dense, congested clumps. Rhizomes creeping, closely appressed to host, branching. Pseudobulbs crowded, alternate, erect to suberect, globular, tiny, 0.1-0.2 cm x 0.1 cm, somewhat flattened, dark green. Leaf solitary on pseudobulb, apical, linear to elliptic, often curved, 1.5-3 cm x 0.4-0.6 cm, dark green to mid green, deeply channelled, thick and fleshy. Inflorescence an axillary raceme, erect, 50-70 mm long, emerging from base of pseudobulb, filiform. Flower solitary, non-resupinate, erect to porrect, 15-25 mm x 15-25 mm, dark reddish purple to purple. Perianth segments spreading widely, sometimes recurved. Dorsal sepal narrowly ovate, 7-12 mm x 2-3 mm. Lateral sepals erect, fused along inner margins to form synsepalum, ovate, 7-12 mm x 4-4.5 mm, bases fused to column foot, apex unequally emarginate. Petals spreading widely, elliptic, 8-11 mm x 2-3 mm, margins shortly hairy, apex long-aristate. Labellum tremulous, hinged to column foot by short claw, narrowly obovate to spathulate, 5-7 mm x 2-3 mm, margins with long, fine hairs, those on the narrow basal part gland-tipped. Column 1.5 mm long, with 2 prominent stelidia, erect, apical. Column foot curved, at right-angles to the column. Capsules erect, asymmetric, dehiscent.
Grows on the small branches and twigs of shrubs and trees in highland rainforests. Plants are usually found in sheltered areas of high humidity where clouds and mists commonly occur.
This species is not always readily distinguishable from B. macphersonii and intermediate forms may occur in some areas.
Green Living & Energy Education (GLEE) is a non-profit 501(c) 3 organization created for educating individuals, businesses and policymakers within the Florida Keys community to promote sustainable actions through waste reduction, efficient and renewable energy, and the conservation of water and land resources.
Florida Keys Green Living and Energy Educations annual meeting will beheld on Monday June 19, 5.30-7.30p at The Hammocks at Marathon, located at 1688 Overseas Highway, Mile Marker 48, Marathon, FL 33050. The Hammocks is a two Palm certified Green lodging hotel. Free & Open to the public, people can meet and socialize with others interested in Keys environmental issues and hear from invited speakers talk about their sustainability programs, work and future plans. More speaker details will be available soon.
2017 Speaker series/Meet & Greet event in Key West  Wednesday April 5th. 5.30-7.30p. Blue Room at Bottlecap Bar, Simonton Street, Key West
Socialize and connect with others who are interested in topics related to sustainability and green living. Listen to Aprils speakers which will cover topics ranging from Solar Basics, Florida Disposable Plastic Bag legislation, Community Gardens to Recycling news from City Of Key West and current projects at Florida Keys Community College.
The speaker session will begin at 6 p.m. Opportunities for questions and discussions with our speakers will be available.
2017 Speaker series continues  February 27th, Big Pine Key Monday February 27, 2017, 5.00-7.30pm, Grimal Grove, 258 Cunningham Lane, Big Pine Key
This months topic is Backyard Gardening in a Subtropical Paradise, featuring information on tropical fruit, vegetable gardening and composting. At 5 p.m., join the tour of this historic botanical site led by Grimal Grove Director Patrick Garvey, followed by a meet and greet with complimentary nibbles and beverages by donation.
The speaker session will begin at 6 p.m. Speakers include Garvey who will present a brief history of the Grimal Grove site and an update on upcoming plans and events there; successful backyard gardeners Tammy and John Germain, owners of Lower Keys Electric, Inc. who live and garden in Ramrod Key; and Kim Gabel, Environmental horticulture agent for the UF/IFAS Monroe County Extension Agency. Opportunities for questions and discussions with our speakers will be available.
Florida Keys Green Living and Energy Education kicks off its 2017 Speaker Series and Meet & Greet events with the first meeting on Monday January 9th from 5:30pm to 7:00pm at The Hammocks at Marathon. The Hammocks is a two Palm certified Green lodging hotel. There will be two speakers who will talk about SOLAR & Sustainability:
1) Lisa Kaul  SALT (Sea, Air, Land Technologies) in Marathon. SALT provides state-of the art Solar Power Systems tailored to meet the specific lifestyle of residential and business clients Their passion is sustainable living practices.
2) John Kocol  Island Hammock Pet Hospital in Tavernier  featuring the largest array of solar panels in the Upper Keys (and second largest in the entire Florida Keys) that powers hospital operations. The hospital has also implemented many sustainability initiatives.
Florida Keys Green Living and Energy Educations annual meeting was held on Thursday, May 12, 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. at Shrimp Road Bar & Grill, 7009 Shrimp Road, Stock Island. Free & Open to the public, people met others interested in Keys environmental issues and heard from invited speakers talk about their sustainability programs, work and future plans.
The Village of Islamorada has launched a Got Your Bags? Florida Keys campaign and is looking for people to join their group of volunteers to help spread the message and help reduce disposable plastic bag usage in the community. Plastic bags can easily become litter and marine debris, spoiling the community and harming wildlife. For more information please contact Mary Swaney, Assistant Village Manager/Public Information Officer, Islamorada, Village of Islands, 305-664-6411, mary.swaney@islamorada.fl.us
Sat Apr 25, 2015, 10am-2pm  Got Your Bags? Florida Keys and Big Pine Key Winn Dixie store host third and Final Bag event of the season
Pick up a complimentary bag, at our table, pledge to use fewer disposable bags, take advantage of Winn Dixies BOGO on store bags, find out more about our program, help us out if you have time, donate support us.
If this catches on with the other Winn Dixie stores throughout the Keys and other grocery chains, it has the potential to reduce millions of plastic bags in the Keys. Read the press release for more info.
Doing a spot of shopping on Amazon? If so, its easy to donate to GLEE using Amazon Smile at no cost to the shopper! The Amazon Smile Foundation donates 0.5 percent of the amount of the goods purchased to the nonprofit chosen by the shopper. Its the same Amazon website, no extra cost to you, just a different way to access Amazon. Please give it a try here. We appreciate all donations.
Monroe County residents can check what is valid for recycling every day by visiting the Monroe County website .
For past 2 years Got Your Bags? Florida Keys, a program of Florida Keys Green Living and Energy Education, has been in partnership with the Key West Film Festival. In 2014 the KWFF showed a free film called No Impact Man, open to the public, at the Tropic Cinema .
A GLEE & Got Your Bags? Florida Key exhibit table was set up at the Tropic to accompany the movie with opportunities to meet members of GLEE and the Got Your Bags? Group and pick up a free reusable shopping bag compliments of the Key West Film Festival during this time. Read more details here.
In 2016, the KWFF plans to partner again with GLEE to produce a sustainability-conscious film festival and feature a line-up of environmentally-conscious movies. More details coming.
National Wildlife Federation Naturalist David Mizejewski explores the relationship between sea ice and polar bears. As continued global warm...
New York City's current and former mayors highlight the revitalization of lower Manhattan in the days leading up to the 10th anniversary...
'Diamond' Dave Matthews works for a ruthless firm providing mortgages to families denied credit, regardless of whether they can afford the repayments. Divorced City banker Gus sells ...
The role of MR in epileptology is to help finding epileptogenic lesions, in order to enable surgical Treatment. Especially FCDs are not easily identified, their detection constitutes a challenge for MR imaging. To facilitate identification of relevant lesions, combination with modalities as MEG and EEG may be indicated. MR may also be needed to support invasive diagnostics.
In this workshop imaging methods, techniques to interpret images, and requirements when combining MR and other modalities shall be discussed. Target audience are MR physicists and physicians with specific interest in MR in epileptology.
For each topic there will be an introduction, followed by no fixed schedule, length and depth of discussion according to interest of participants. Additional proposals are welcome.
Naked Ring Wrestling 2 Naked Goddess - Scene 1 All performers on this site are over 18 years old. Flashing In The Kitchen. Dev ft enrique naked. Dance for her Successful Tumblr girls who look even hotter in photos than they do in real life need a decent camera.
Furry Bumblebee Dance 3: Retro School Twinks Anal Fun Play with your hair and find a unique hair style and change it frequently. Wild naked women tumblr. Vintage Danish Dance 4: Sexy lesbian wives gif. Hot Sexy Teen Sucking and Fucking 7: You can let yourself loose around the eye part. Remember, money can't buy love. Try to develop a natural makeup look. AsianAsian hottiesAsian womenAsian girlswild Asianssexy Asianbikini girlspinayhot Pinay girlssexyeye candywet girls.
If you find anything illegal or inappropiate on this site please report to the webmaster immediately! Girl vintage stag film s 2: Pamela Anderson Naked Souls compilation 2: Uptown Funk music video did in Classic. Black girls pussy gallery. Erotic Dance Performance 11 - The Sphere 8: Try out the new while it's fresh.
Good photo quality Forget about trashy phone cams. Improve your photos and do a bit of touch up to your features if needed to get that Tumblr girl look. Retro Twink Oiled Fun Serena Grandi - Desiderando Giulia 6: You won't post a selfie while sitting in front of a TV.
Naked Goddess 2 - Scene 1 Busty italian actress Patrizia Webley nude scenes from Malabimba 6: Minge Fringe Dance 2: You can let yourself loose around the eye part.
Naked girls driving man damn wild 9: Play with your hair and find a unique hair style and change it frequently. Dancing for the camera, incredible covey. Dirty lesbian images. Wherever you are, try and find an interesting background and snap away. Retro Euro Lunch Fun 7: Blonde Retro Teen Fun If your lips are full and lush, lick 'em! Doggy Dance Of Skinny Bitch Louise Golding - Losing her top, Topless swimming - Lifeguard 0: Listen to your inner voice and follow the instinct which tells you what will look good on you and what won't.
Eyeliner and mascara go a long way because hot Tumblr girls have seductive eyes. Vintage teen gets anal sex You'll be like a goddess among mortals, and they will love you for it.
Develop your own style and wear it with pride. Wild naked women tumblr. Dress like a Tumblr girl Clothes are a major thing in a life of a Tumblr girl. That doesn't mean you have to spend insane quantities of money on big fashion house names, you just need to have some style. It doesn't have to be all professional, top gun equipment, but an investment in a good camera and even a tripod will get you where you want to go, and give your army of followers some yearning material.
Re-blog pictures that you like, favorite cool posts and you'll find that numbers of your followers are rapidly growing. My Naked Belly 2: The proper use of a selfie stick. Big tits and big cunts. Find some vintage jewelry or a cool hat from the bottom of your grandma's wardrobe. Naked girl gets laid in the bar 6: Claudia Cavalcanti nude and Alexandra Delli Colli nude 6: We are not responsible for any third link parties.
Nothing too crazy, though. Find some vintage jewelry or a cool hat from the bottom of your grandma's wardrobe. Naked girl walking in the street. Go active and engage with other people. Vintage Stripper Dancing on a Stage s Retro 5: Minge Fringe Dance 2: Tumblr girls seem eclectic and accessible, not like someone who's compensating the lack of imagination by paying for the most expensive brands.
Sexy Wife Photoshoot Music Video 1: Uptown Funk music video did in Classic. Wild naked women tumblr. We gathered some tips to help you become a hot Tumblr girl.
From the very beginning, she starts sucking on my cock she is looking at it with amazement. She sucks deeper and deeper until her head starts bobbing in a fashion of a proper blowjob and at this point I just feel ecstatic. Jasson Melo pictured was thrown in jail by Justice Robert Mandelbaum. This guy is trying to outsmart me, but I can tell he has something hiding under the blankets. On July 4th, it's Sex Dependance Day. The naked girls latch on to his cock and balls, one of them sucking and stroking his dick while the other licks and sucks his balls.
The Delhi Police on Tuesday denied the allegations, saying that the towel-clad man, accused in over two dozen criminal cases, was trying to resist arrest when his towel slipped off. Florida woman finally loses her virginity at 32 after being cured of rare condition. More info in the FAQ. Edit Comment The way they talk, seems to have been in Mexico.
MICE was a fantastic show! I really enjoyed seeing all the small press people and taking a few minutes to speak to some people which I never really do because I am so busy selling stuff. Speaking, of selling things
SPX was awesome! I met some fantastic people and I sold lots of Comics and Black Conservative Trading Cards. I was interviewed on Comics Forge.I have been busy making stuff these last few week and I just came back from
I have been finalizing my plans for SPX and getting ready to take the trip south with Jesse Lonergan and Erik Heumiller. I have a lot of Black Conservative trading cards to sell as well as StrangeFruit 1, 2, 3,
The online session took place on the 11th of June 2014. conversation about the future of creative learning, hosted by the LEGO Foundation and the MIT Media Labs Lifelong Kindergarten group.
This was an opportunity to connect with other IDC participants, learn more about the LEGO Foundations new initiatives, and share your stories about creative learning with digital tools. We started with an introduction by Global Head of Research, Andrew Bollington. Mitchel Resnick of MIT Media Lab and Erik Hansen of the LEGO Group then discussed their collaboration designing digital tools to support creative learning. This was followed by a breakout conversation to share thoughts and experiences among participants.
 Whats an example where you saw children engaged in a creative learning experience with digital tools?
Adjunct proceedings available! Papers about the demos, workshops and DCs are now found on the website under the program. #idc2014
And here is the storify of Friday! In spite of all the wifi problems it actually succeed some people to tweet! Yay! storify.com/IDC14/idc-dk-2
That was so great! RT @idc2014: A visit to the #Lego Idea House to get to know the history of Lego at #IDCdk pic.twitter.com/caFj1V0kZg thanks!
Make An Appointment We will do our best to accommodate your busy schedule. Schedule an appointment today! Order Contacts Ordering contacts is easy. Click here to fill out the form!
Very pleased with the service here. Very informational Jas was great!!! She gave me more than I expected on my purchase I do recommend coming back here for your eye exams or merchandise. Thanks again to everyone here.
Mo Lian Cheng met Qu Xiao Tan once again. At this time, however, Qu Xiao Tan has not met Mo Lian Cheng yet and does not know about her future destiny. Mo Lian Cheng has retained all of the memories ...
In the same manner as color holds great relevance in our daily lives, so too does color play a vital role when designing a website. Design and style for color-blind browsers and think of the type combinations that you just use. Similarly, think about the course-plotting and how the site will work, how come users will happen to your site and so forth This will offer you greater insight to what you need to achieve when designing a new site. This is the manner lower when compared to what a web development company would inquire you designed for designing your site, not to mention the time factor.
How to reduce issues during check-out? Design and style your website pertaining to instant product critiques and genuine delivery time and scheduling quickly delivery of orders and pick-up of returns. When making your site, put in mind an online site that is homey. Navigation is one of the most important areas of designing your website. Use web page templates if you dont have any kind of designing style. The website coming up with company that you simply choose to use should be able to do this available for you, as this is something which they are extremely familiar with.
The handful of just who choose to provide building a try themselves generally start which has a web-site template. Probably you expect a few aid in authoring proposals, constructing a hottest webpage, or mailing out press releases. Carrying out durham region graphic creating excluding the site is normally suicide. Enormous errors will be practical when constructing when you have absolutely nothing marketing experience. Most web site designers have no idea how to make cash over the net, with www.metroreload.com whatever apart from all their style products.
And you will find self employed to take on almost any other non-administrative project you can think of -designing your web site, posting a business strategy, mailing away pr campaigns, you name it. Seven days, as an example, they could be networking, an additional designing a booklet, an alternative distributing this, and an alternative modernizing your web site. Webpage upgrade companies employ high speed links when coming up with their initial retail store thus that they almost never begin to see the embrace page load moments.
Allow me to share steps for success strategies to choose your job of coming up with and creating a internet site less complicated  What you just have to do can be method you webpage, the site, and after that replicated all of your other subsequent and 3rd level pages. The site planning business that you decide on will be able to make this happen for everyone, because something which they can be very knowledgeable about. Here are a few the tips and stunts i experience determined beneficial while making the fast packing site.
Simply by avoiding this concern and designing your website with your individual? s desired goals and needs in mind, you will make a more positive individual experience. For anyone who is designing or maintaining your website, then you will want to Meta tags. There are a few very important things must do SEO-wise while making your website. This? s simple to get caught in the day to day technicians of coming up with and keeping a website and poor institution just makes the job harder.
Before planning your website, you should be aware of all the pieces that start successful creation and how to employ them to your very best advantage. Driving high traffic to your site is very important, but exactly what is even more important, is certainly designing an online site that makes them stay.
2381 an interest based mediation mediator trainee and student handbook package 1b by branscomb melinda j allen sue ann 2010 07 12 paperback DOC
2410 cranial osteopathy for infants children and adolescents cranial osteopathy for infants children and adolescents DOC
2434 student solutions manual for winstons introduction to mathematical programming applications and algorithms 4th operations research DOC
2456 government in america people politics and policy 2012 election edition books a la carte edition 16th edition DOC
So recently iv been trying out sleeks face form contouring kit, I never really used to contour my face, well tell you the truth I used to only wear concealer, eyeliner and mascara until recently (I did study make-up at college though).
As you can see the packaging is the classic sleek, matte black with shiny gloss writing. Which I love! Inside there's a lovely full sized mirror which is perfect for using on the go and the fact that this palette is so slim makes it perfect for travelling!
This palette comes in four different shades, Fair, Light, Medium and Dark, I decided to go for the Light shade as I think it suited my needs better, also I preferred the Blush colour in that shade.
and finally a stunning shimmery rose gold coloured blush, but its not too shimmery I'm not a huge fan of shimmery blush but this has just the right amount of shimmer to it :)
Although these colours are very pigmented they come out a little sheer on your skin which means they are very buildable so you can use as much or as little product as you prefer. I love how the contour shade doesn't leave you looking dirty, as long as you remember blend blend blend!! and these are easy to blend :) and they have a silky feel to them which I also love!
What else can I say I am so glad I picked up this palette and I use this pretty much everyday when I do my make-up I love it!! and for 9.99 you really cant go wrong!
Hope you enjoyed this post. Let me know if you have tried this product and what you thought of it :)
What am I doing with my life?! Everyone os raving about sleek and I am yet to try any of it! Going online now to order! Great blog xx
Yes where have you been. Haha make an order you won't regret it ;) let me know what you decide to get :)
Follow my blog and please vote for me on Cosmo best new beauty blog :) and check out my other links :) hehe
I have nominated you for the Liebster award please see my blog for details i really love your blog :)
Thank you I have checked your blog out looks good I've followed it :) would love for you to follow my blog :)
what do you find is more better the B. sculpted Contour Kit or this one I am very keen to know thank you for your great Blog!
Hey Beauties... Here's another Gift Guide for you all. This time it's for the lovely men in your life. We all know how dif...
Hey Beauties... Welcome to part Three of my Festive Treats Series. To go along with my Christmas Wish List I decided to do a Lu...
Hey Beauties... So this Monday was my birthday (7th) so I wanted to do something a little different to what I normally wear and make ...
Finding the right plot of land, renovation or conversion project is an important and exciting step on your self build journey. We recommend you use PlotSearch from BuildStore, the UKs leading online land finding portal which you can subscribe to for FREE!
With the largest and most accurate database of building opportunities in the UK for your project, whether you are looking for a building plot, renovation or conversion opportunity  PlotSearch has it all!
Manage research, learning and skills at defaultlogic.com. Create an account using LinkedIn to manage and organize your omni-channel knowledge. defaultlogic.com is like a shopping cart for information -- helping you to save, discuss and share.
Sally's Room is not just a shop - We aim not only to provide you with the best handmade natural candles.
Managerial efficiency for broiler producers in Saudi Arabia is generally difficult to achieve. High investment costs coupledwith relatively high average production costs and the consequent incompetent market prices, have resulted in projects eitherworking at less than full capacity or being shut down completely. The aim here is to determine the most efficient productionalternatives (actions) available to managers under business risk considerations. The ordinary stochastic dominance approachwas used to solicit the most efficient production alternatives for broiler producing projects of all sizes in the Central Region ofSaudi Arabia. For small- and medium-sized projects, the efficient production alternatives concentrated on marketing risk. Forlarge projects, the efficient actions concentrated on both marketing and production risks. For the three sizes of projects, thetwo production alternatives that proved to be the most efficient, were the one that contains creating more marketing strategiesand the one that adopts good veterinary care systems. On the other hand, the production alternative that deals with selectinggood breeds of chicks appeared to be most efficient for small and large projects only.  1999 Elsevier Science B.V. All rightsreserved.
Two Wild Shemales Are Closeup wanking of my horny cock 3: We encourage you to if ever find a link in question pertaining to illegal or copyrighted content to contact us and it will be reviewed promptly for removal from this website. German daddy wanking on the couch. Hot Xavier Cross enjoying solo session with jerking off 6:
I had to stop jerking repeatedly because I was gonna cum to fast. I've never had that problem until this.... holy fuck that was hot, I'm semi-speechless
That's not even a big ass I thought it was going to be big coming in with that smashed cupcake. I still like the video tho
backyard play structures toronto diy outdoor structure plans climbing uses pioneering concepts to build san diego,backyard race car tracks your kids will love instantly outdoor play structures diy sacramento toronto,indoor climbing structure play park backyard outdoor structures calgary wooden canada for sale,outdoor play structures calgary wooden climbing frames jungle backyard sacramento,fun backyard play areas the kids will love things structures portland oregon outdoor sacramento childrens canada,backyard climbing structures play portland oregon sacramento for small yards,friendly playgrounds o backyard play structures san diego sacramento for sale,outdoor play structure plans free swing set for your kids fun backyard area diy structures sale ottawa,backyard play structures plans climbing portland oregon san diego,wooden outdoor play structures canada backyard for sale winnipeg hemisphere net metal climbing frames rock.
The Deutsche Oper Berlin is most easily reached by taking the underground line U2, which will bring you directly to the stop Deutsche Oper from the direction of Ruhleben or Pankow. The stop Bismarckstrae of line U7 is also very close by (there are lifts to the street level at this stop) as are the stops of the bus routes 101 and 109.
If you arrive by car, the Parkhaus Deutsche Oper is open two hours prior to the performance until 2 am at a parking rate of 3. Subscription holders have a special 2.50 parking rate offer when you obtain an outlet ticket at the first cloakroom to the right upon presentation of your parking ticket.
Faiz e Nisbat : Urdu , Hardback - 305 total pages, by Allama Sayyad Pir Naseeruddin Naseer. Description : Another famous poetry book in urdu , as written from the pen of one of the leading poets of his time, the renowned sufi scholar Naseer-e-Millat, Shaykh Pir Sayyad Naseeruddin Naseer Golrawi,...
Kalam Baba Fareed Ganj-e-Shakar : Urdu, Hardback - 143 pages, Translated by Professor Muhammad Yunas Hasrat. Description : The Sufi poetry of Baba Farid, rahmatullahi ta'ala 'alayhi . Khwaja Fariduddin Mas'ud Ganj-Shakar, may Allah be pleased with him , (1173 / 1266C.E.) commonly known as Baba...
Kalam Bulleh Shah : Urdu , Hardback - 95 pages, Baba Bulleh Shah. Published by Shabbir Brothers, Lahore. Description : The famous spiritual poetry of the great sufi poet of the Punjab, the revered Baba Bulleh Shah, may Allah have mercy upon his soul [d.1757 CE]. Urdu language only!
I am feeling wholly unmotivated to work today. I brought about 8-10 hours' worth of stuff home with me yesterday so that I could "work from home" today; so far, aside from responding to emails I've done zero. It's not the end of the world, but it *does* mean I will have to catch up on this crap over the weekend. NOT good!
We are basically moved into our house. Furniture and appliances were delivered yesterday, so now it feels like we actually live here.
Projects still to be completed: ceiling fans (to be installed next week); garage door opener (to be installed Monday); partially in-ground spa (breaking ground early next week and will take 2-3 weeks to complete); and landscaping (cannot be started until spa is complete). I have a few little items to buy for the house, but nothing major.
Because of lack of time (& my stress level), I left quite a bit of stuff behind at my old apartment to sort through "later." The pain in the ass thing about that is that I am now going to have to set aside a half day on 3-4 weekends to go and deal with all that crap. I guess at the time I figured it would be better to spread out the suffering and not deal with it all at once as we were scrambling to get ready for our move. But now that we are in the new house, I'm over it and don't want to deal with it! Oh well. No one else is going to take care of this for me, so I've just got to suck it up and do it.
I've got to get back on track with the Core plan. I've skipped Weight Watchers the past two weeks, and I've been eating out a lot the past few days, mainly because we didn't have a refrigerator until yesterday afternoon. Must stop the regain that is happening before it gets out of control. . .
Yesterday I felt strangely tense and disconnected all day. I am chalking it up to the move and all the stress related to that. I'm sure it's not relationship related because spending the evening with MM actually made me feel less tense and disconnected.
A completely random aside: I ordered the Furminator from drugstore.com just before the move and used it on Sebastian just before he went to stay with my future in-laws. It's appropos of nothing, but I couldn't resist including a photo of all the hair I got off!
About the house photos: our carpet color looks off in the photo of the great room where Sebastian is seen on the left side. . . but I included it anyway because he's in it. The colors in the other photos are much more true-to-life.
LOVE your tile! It looks great. We have a furminator too and I use it on my cat and EVERY TIME end up with a pile of hair as big as he is!
I need to buy a furminator for Katie. She doesn't have a super thick coat like my parents lab, or your dog, but it still gets a lot more out than regular brushes.
I'm a 39-year-old woman who lives in the American Southwest and is continually working on self-improvement. I share my life with my husband MM and our wonderful Golden Retrievers, Sebastian and Hunter. I started this blog long before I met MM, primarily to write about my struggles with my weight and trying to get organized. I still continue to struggle in both areas, so I write on those topics more often than anything else, but I also write about my daily life and occasionally post a rant or hop on the bandwagon with the themes of other bloggers' posts. . . wherever the mood takes me.
ideiainteligente . Grid Focus by Derek Punsalan 5thirtyone.com. Converted by Blogger Buster. Redesigned by Ricardo N Leal.
<# } #> <# if ( ( "two" === design.form_layout && _.isTrue(content.use_feature_image) && '' !== content.feature_image ) || ( "four" === design.form_layout && _.isTrue(content.use_feature_image) && '' !== content.feature_image ) ) { #>
Dec 31 - Jan 6 Jan 7 - Jan 13 Jan 14 - Jan 20 Jan 21 - Jan 27 Jan 28 - Feb 3 Feb 4 - Feb 10 Feb 11 - Feb 17 Feb 18 - Feb 24 Feb 25 - Mar 3 Mar 4 - Mar 10 Mar 11 - Mar 17 Mar 18 - Mar 24 Mar 25 - Mar 31 Apr 1 - Apr 7 Apr 8 - Apr 14 Apr 15 - Apr 21 Apr 22 - Apr 28 Apr 29 - May 5 May 6 - May 12 May 13 - May 19 May 20 - May 26 May 27 - Jun 2 Jun 3 - Jun 9 Jun 10 - Jun 16 Jun 17 - Jun 23 Jun 24 - Jun 30 Jul 1 - Jul 7 Jul 8 - Jul 14 Jul 15 - Jul 21 Jul 22 - Jul 28 Jul 29 - Aug 4 Aug 5 - Aug 11 Aug 12 - Aug 18 Aug 19 - Aug 25 Aug 26 - Sep 1 Sep 2 - Sep 8 Sep 9 - Sep 15 Sep 16 - Sep 22 Sep 23 - Sep 29 Sep 30 - Oct 6 Oct 7 - Oct 13 Oct 14 - Oct 20 Oct 21 - Oct 27 Oct 28 - Nov 3 Nov 4 - Nov 10 Nov 11 - Nov 17 Nov 18 - Nov 24 Nov 25 - Dec 1 Dec 2 - Dec 8 Dec 9 - Dec 15 Dec 16 - Dec 22 Dec 23 - Dec 29 Dec 30 - Jan 5 January February March April May June July August September October November December
ASOS has been applauded on social media for featuring a plus-size model wearing a bikini on the retail site.
The term bikini body has been used in past marketing campaigns to imply that women should try and achieve a certain body ideal in order to proudly don a bikini when the summer comes around.
However, the inclusion of a plus-size model wearing a bright yellow bikini on the ASOS website is winning serious praise for showing that women of all shapes and sizes should feel no qualms about baring all on the beach.
A few days ago, an individual on Twitter drew her followers attention to a selection of photos of Eyo-Ephraim that had been featured on ASOS advertising a halterneck-style yellow bikini.
Her tweet currently has more than 8,000 retweets and more than 31,000 likes, with many people expressing how much they admire ASOS for promoting inclusivity and diversity
Man of the Matchh @asos X @bridgemodels  Thank you ALLLL so much for the messages, the likes, the comments, the retweets, everything!!! Im truly appreciative, shocked, excited & cannot wait to represent more women & make everyone even more proud #CELEBRATEMYSIZE
You are here: Home / Weird Stories / Incredible! This Woman Has a Husband, Fiance and 2 Boyfriends. See Her Explanation On How It Works
There are stories upon hearing them, send your whole thinking faculty into some serious work. This story will probably do the same to you.
With a husband, fianc and two boyfriends to boot, Mary Crumpton certainly isntof the traditional, nuclear family, reports LADBIBLE
It was gathered that the 44-year-old says that she couldnt imagine things any other way and that despite having been called names, her polyamorous relationship works perfectly for her and the men in her life.
The Chorlton resident hopes that her own, individual story, broadens peoples understanding of polyamory and makes people more accepting towards those who choose to adopt the way of life.
Mary, who works as a teacher and a therapist, has a husband, Tim, 43, a fiance, John, 53, and two boyfriends  Michael, 63, and James, 73.
Having more than one spouse is illegal in the UK but Mary and her partners get around that by having unofficial ceremonies at Unitarian churches.
She said: I was brought up in quite a traditional home. I had boyfriends and was monogamous. Having more than one partner never crossed my mind. In my twenties I got married and settled down in Chorlton fully intending to be with my husband for life.
The idea that loving more than one person might not make me a terrible human being only dawned on me when, at a pub, I bumped into a person who had more than one partner. I had never come across it before, or the term polyamory which means more-than-one love. I was quite shocked, and curious about how it all worked for them.
My partner was with me when I met the polyamorous person, and he was curious about it, too. At the time neither of us considered it for ourselves, but I think the seed had been planted.
A couple of years later, in 2003, I suggested to him that perhaps we might try an open relationship. I was interested to explore the possibility of allowing myself to love more than one person. I think for him it was more about the thought of more than one sexual partner. We were both curious to see how it could work for us.
For me, it is all about love. Of course, some of my relationships have been sexual, but sex is not the driving force for me.
I am no longer with the partner that I first explored polyamory with, though he and I remain close friends, and he has continued to be polyamorous.
I married one of the people I first dated polyamorously. My husband, Tim, who is 43, and I got together in 2004 and were married in 2013 at Manchester Museum under the Tyrannosaurus Rex.
I have a partner, John, who I have been with since 2011, and who I am planning to marry this year. We cant legally marry, but we are having a full wedding-style commitment ceremony at Chorlton Unitarian church in May.
Hundreds of young people converged on the United Nations in New York today as the General Assembly kicked off a high-level meeting devoted t...
Never before has a time in history been so significant to so many cultures, religions, scientists and governments. Beyond 2012 looks past th...
Persons with disabilities must enjoy full human rights and fundamental freedoms and enabling them to do so benefits society as a whole, Depu...
On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain.
@RaviHomer Hi, thank you for writing in and taking interest in our themes. We don't offer any discounts at the moment. Best regards, Elated
It's always a good time for shopping! https://t.co/QBeFbxDXt0 Welcome to Onea, a stunning WooCommerce theme, tai https://t.co/oiED9oB64Q
The Woman Awaken to YOUR Power! Week-End INTENSIVES are VERY intense - as we fill the agenda with a lot of energetic, transformational activity. It is recommended that you follow these guidelines for maximum benefit:
 Eat your dinner Friday evening before arriving  we will provide a snack during the preliminary ceremony.
 Dress in loose fitting, comfortable clothing - Dress in layers  weather permitting, we will be outdoors for part of the retreat.
 No children or pets, let loved ones/associates know you will check in  all cell phones OFF except during personal breaks, NO alcohol/drugs, NO smoking.
 Please dont plan anything physically or emotionally demanding for Sunday evening after the retreat  try to plan a nice relaxing evening at home or some gentle social event if anything.
You may not feel like doing ANYTHING but taking a nice bath and going to bed early. You may want to get some bulk sea salt for that bath.
 Saturday & Sunday activities include: -Workshop segments -Group exercises & projects -Flex Time for working on projects -Individual projects -Dancing, Drumming -Creative & empowerment exercises -Individual energy treatments by Joy (scheduled during flex time) -Trance posturing  shamanic journey
 Healthy snacks if you wish (for yourself in case you need something between meals) nuts, seeds, dried fruit - NO CANDY.
 A MAJOR change in all aspects of your life where you are ready to transform - improvement in vitality, clarity and balance, longevity.
 All meals are provided Saturday and Sunday through lunch on Sunday with a Sunday mid-afternoon snack. Water and tea are provided (if you have food allergies, let me know ASAP  the meals are an important part of the reprogramming and will NOT include beef, pork, dairy, pasta, white breads or foods containing preservatives or commercial sugars.
Eat your dinner Friday evening before arriving  we will provide a snack during the preliminary ceremony.
Dress in loose fitting, comfortable clothing - Dress in layers  weather permitting, we will be outdoors for part of the retreat.
No children or pets, let loved ones/associates know you will check in  all cell phones OFF except during personal breaks, NO alcohol/drugs, NO smoking.
Please dont plan anything physically or emotionally demanding for Sunday evening after the retreat  try to plan a nice relaxing evening at home or some gentle social event if anything. You may not feel like doing ANYTHING but taking a nice bath and going to bed early. You may want to get some bulk sea salt for that bath.
Please do not allow your friends and family to question too much about how you are different. Allow yourself time to settle into your new empowerment and this new essence of you will soon glide into all aspects of your life - seamlessly!
Woman Awaken  is a * Part of JOY2U * www.joy2u.org * NW-USA * Dedicated to Co-Creating a Better World, One Woman at a Time. The entire program includes a unique and empowering set of tools and events for women . . to support the goddess energy in the 21st Century new paradigm.
For more information, contact the pre-school directly or contact the manager by emailing This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
Copyright  2013-2018 Jack and Jill Community Pre-school, St Edmund's Catholic Academy, Duncan Street, Calne, SN11 9BX All rights reserved.
Jackson Square Promenade offers retailers a great opportunity to expand their business. It is the largest open mall in Jackson. We are conveniently located in a constantly growing, high density population.
The entire Mall has an outstanding freeway visibility, with 800 feet of frontage on Highway I-55 and additional visibility from I-20. Customers and Employees have easy access from the signalized intersection on Terry Road, as well as 900 parking spaces. With onsite Management, Maintenance, and Security; our team will make sure that all tenant s needs are attended to in a timely and efficient manner.
Arsip Kabarkite 2011-2015 Select Month October 2018 (12) August 2018 (4) July 2018 (8) June 2018 (5) May 2018 (6) April 2018 (3) February 2018 (3) January 2018 (4) December 2017 (7) November 2017 (6) October 2017 (2) September 2017 (4) August 2017 (4) July 2017 (5) June 2017 (7) May 2017 (14) April 2017 (9) March 2017 (8) February 2017 (6) January 2017 (5) December 2016 (5) November 2016 (1) October 2016 (3) September 2016 (7) August 2016 (1) July 2016 (3) June 2016 (6) May 2016 (16) April 2016 (21) March 2016 (51) February 2016 (34) January 2016 (10) August 2015 (10) July 2015 (9) June 2015 (28) May 2015 (11) April 2015 (36) March 2015 (19) February 2015 (23) January 2015 (26) December 2014 (20) November 2014 (26) October 2014 (59) September 2014 (84) August 2014 (77) July 2014 (47) June 2014 (70) May 2014 (105) April 2014 (80) March 2014 (130) February 2014 (56) January 2014 (59) December 2013 (62) November 2013 (92) October 2013 (80) September 2013 (70) August 2013 (76) July 2013 (118) June 2013 (92) May 2013 (99) April 2013 (91) March 2013 (136) February 2013 (147) January 2013 (162) December 2012 (94) November 2012 (66) October 2012 (49) September 2012 (54) August 2012 (16) July 2012 (24) June 2012 (1) May 2012 (1) December 2011 (1)
Lately my web browser (IE) behaves very different. I think it happened since I downloaded those 'free' screensavers.
You might have caught some so called browser helper objects (BHO). These BHOs are not easy to spot. They can work completely invisible behind the scenes, e.g. report all your web browsing activity to a data miner. Or keep track of how you fill out forms and collect your passwords. They practically never come with an uninstall program and you probably don't know how many you have installed.
Windows XP service pack 2 will introduce a screen that shows you a list of all BHOs that your machine has. It does not provide an uninstall either!
Please do not post inappropriate pictures. Inappropriate pictures include pictures of minors and nudity.
When it comes to Oriental rugs and area rugs in Royal Palm Beach, FL, it is best to leave it to the professionals at Delray Beach Oriental Rug Cleaning Pros. These kinds of rugs require careful attention to detail because they are not to be cleaned with normal methods. Oriental and area rugs have delicate fibers that must be treated with care during washing. It is very easy to cause permanent damage to these fragile rugs. Our team always keeps you in mind when it comes to cleaning your Oriental or area rugs. Our rug cleaning experts take a gentle, effective approach to cleaning your rug.
Having your area rugs professionally cleaned is a low-cost, economical way to extend the life of your rug. These kinds of rugs can harbor large amounts of dirt and other grimy substances. It is recommended to have regularly scheduled cleaning in order to keep you rug in tip-top shape. Our technicians are highly educated in rug cleaning and trained to deliver great customer service. When you schedule an appointment for area cleaning, rest assured that one of our expert employees will be ready to perform that service. All of our work is performed quickly and with high-quality results. Our competitive carpet cleaning prices and professionalism make us an easy choice when it comes to looking for the right carpet cleaning company.
At Delray Beach Oriental Rug Cleaning Pros, we understand that your area rug did not come at a low price, and that it may hold special meaning for you. Our area rug cleaning service utilizes a thorough and deliberate process that leaves your Oriental or area rug looking like new again. Our team is trained to know the different affects that soil and stains have on rugs. In this way, we can utilize our cleaning process in the way that best suits your area rug. An initial inspection is performed upon pickup, and a final inspection is performed upon completion of the cleaning. We make sure that the job is done right the first time, with no silly damages from the mishandling of delicate fibers. Delray Beach Oriental Rug Cleaning Pros takes the headache out of getting your oriental or area rug cleaned. Our high quality customer service delivers low-cost, reliable service for all of your carpet cleaning needs.
In addition to area rug cleaning, Delray Beach Oriental Rug Cleaning Pros also specializes in rug repairs and restorations. Repair may entail something as simple as securing a loose edge or something as complex as reweaving. Alterations in size, removal or addition of fringe, replacement of edge finish may also be done to enhance or compliment your decor. We offer an array of materials, colors & techniques to achieve the desired end result. We also offer stain and soil repellant treatments, moth repellant treatments and a variety of padding to protect the investment in your newly purchased, recently refurbished or expertly repaired rugs.
argan oil | organic moroccan argan oil | argan serum | organic argan serum | how to pray in islam | Fiverr Buyers Gigs Requests
When you wanted it for being straightforward, and straightforward, you wouldnt be reading through this right this moment. What would make fly fishing so interesting is the many interlocking sides, as well as depths to which you'll plunge into each willpower.
In the end, Every leader fees about 20 cents or significantly less and can take about 10 minutes to produce. I commonly use thread but have discovered which the sewing monofilament in the craft keep (e.g. Interest Lobby) works incredibly nicely for stiffer leaders and may be very potent when completed. I take advantage of tippet rings at the conclusion of mine to ensure I am able to tie tippet ideal to the chief, stress free.
I constantly thought that due to the fact flourocarbon was much harder than mono it will Slice right thru beneath pressure. Therefore if I use a Seaguar knot for my leader to tippet link I will be totally free from working with flourocarbon knot much less leaders and just use flouro tippet? You simply saved me a shipload of cash!
In case your line has no loops, there are many selections to connect the leader. The commonest method is often a nail knot, but A neater alternative Ive been keen on a short while ago is the sheet bend, often known as the weavers knot, LAP knot, or flag knot.
Ive proven this knot to Many of us through the years, and have been instructed its also simpler for those with vision impairments or arthritic arms.
In reference to #ten. I have been fly-fishing and fishing my overall life (forty five years). I do apply catch and launch lots however I also have and may yet again get pleasure from taking in a streamside lunch of contemporary fish.
Very good things. Many thanks to the breakdown of pluses and minuses, which I'm able to verify by my own demo and error. I discover the use of flouro tippet being very well definitely worth the extra Value.
Each individual angler wants a handful of things to achieve success: a good fishing rod and lure mix, a fantastic site, and a chance to tie a few easy but pivotal fishing line knots.
Monofilament indicates literally a solitary filament, and it might be created from nylon or fluorocarbon material.
The situation with this information is usually that it perpetuates the myth that a 9 foot chief is Okay more often than not. A far better rule to employ should be to fish a frontrunner that is as long as you can effectively switch around.
No have to get testy hear. There is a straightforward alternate that could reveal The purpose and system.
Tenkara casting turns into incredibly obvious If you have a rod in hand, It's really a bit similar to throwing a ball at a focus on, your brain does a lot of the do the job after a couple of attempts.
If killing the fish violates the ethics or perception process of your scout, respect that. The choice is make them deliver a one page report with the illustration that particulars the procedure. Simply stated it ought to say/display the best way to destroy the fish immediately/humanely; gutting it by cutting from point a to b and removing the cavity of all organs and debris; how to eat it raw (yummy btw, albeit barbaric) or how pop over to this site to Cook dinner it securely to 165 (moist and flaky).
As an extra precaution you can tie the remaining around tab around the backing to make sure it will not slip out along with the knot loosen. Using some Aquaseal, a troublesome adaptable wader restore product, around The complete knot can also be a good suggestion
nternet platformunda gelimeler, Yenilikler, ipular, zmler, gncel haberler ve makaleleri bu balk altnda takip edebilirsiniz.
Can InfoCommerce Group help your business? Let's talk about your specific needs. Please contact Russell Perkins at 610.649.1200 or rperkins [at] infocommercegroup.com.
InfoCommerce Group also selectively invests in information industry companies through its affiliate company InfoCommerce Partners Holdings LLC.
A Useful Note: Two Bala Plaza, our address, is also known to the Postal Service and many leading GPS systems as: 333 East City Avenue, Bala Cynwyd, PA 19004 (Montgomery County)
On City Avenue, go through three (3) traffic lights (the studio for television station Channel 10 is on the right)
Charlotte Rogan is not unfriendly to clich, but at her best she writes her way through hackneyed and archetypal situations with such conviction that she refreshes them and gives them the power of myth.
Were collecting interesting thoughts from clever people about good books (and one another). For example: what John Barth said about Anne Tyler.
Dive head first into fall  and maybe slightly off the beaten leaf-filled path  with these delicious Pumpkin Spice Snickerdoodles. Is September 3rd too early for pumpkin spice season? Well, its Labor Day which is the official last day of summer so, theres that. And then both Dunkin and Starbucks have already started sellingRead more
Posted in Recipes, Sweets	- Tagged cookies, pumpkin cookies, pumpkin season, pumpkin spice, pumpkin spice snickerdoodles, seasonal cookies, sweet treat
hi! welcome to my little corner of the internet - i'm so glad you're here! i'm erin and i'm the face behind kilroy's kitchen. i believe in eating food that makes you look good and FEEL good! you can learn more about me here --> about kilroy's kitchen
Kim Bingham @ Suoni di Marca 23.07.2016 Ciao Italia! After her show won over the crowds at Suoni di Marca in 2014, Kim is thrilled to be invited back to play at this years festival. Catch her and her full band onstage on Saturday, July 23, opening for American singer-songwriter Suzanne Vega. Suoni di Marca is an annual []
Remember when we talked about lead scoring? Well, it isnt exactly doable without your sales teams input. How will you know what qualifies a lead for sales without knowing if your defined SQLs are successfully sold? Your marketing and sales teams need to be aligned on the definitions and the process of moving a lead from MQL to SQL to opportunity before you even begin to capture leads.
No matter how effective the subject line youll always have subscribers who dont open it for a variety of reasons. Send your email again specifically targeting a list segment of those who didnt open the first time around. Not only is this a second chance in case they just missed the first email, its another opportunity to further split test subject lines as well as send times.
Beyond that, avoid using all caps, too many exclamation marks, and hyperbolic phrases ("ACT NOW BEFORE TIME RUNS OUT!!!!"). Poorly formatted HTML in your emails can also hurt how theyre handled. Every spam filter is different, so an email might pass through one filter but get flagged by another. For more comprehensive info on how spam filters work and how to avoid them, check out this guide by MailChimp.
Take the email below from Paperless Post, for example. I love the header of this email: It provides a clear CTA that includes a sense of urgency. Then, the subheader asks a question that forces recipients to think to themselves, "Wait, when is Mother's Day again? Did I buy Mom a card?" Below this copy, the simple grid design is both easy to scan and quite visually appealing. Each card picture is a CTA in and of itself -- click on any one of them, and you'll be taken to a purchase page.
We also love how consistent the design of Uber's emails is with its brand. Like its app, website, social media photos, and other parts of the visual branding, the emails are represented by bright colors and geometric patterns. All of its communications and marketing assets tell the brand's story -- and brand consistency is one tactic Uber's nailed in order to gain brand loyalty.
ToFu: Leads at the top of the funnel need awareness. They know nothing about what you offer and what domain you operate in, so youll need to create a conversation around both these focus pointswithout selling your product up front. If you sell CRMs, you attract ToFu leads by talking about how SDRs (sales development representatives) can do their job better using CRM software. Blogs, ebooks and guides are content types that work well at this stage.
Form-Scraping Tool: A form scraping tool that collects submissions on your website's existing forms helps you automatically consolidate all your leads into your contact database, regardless of which form visitors submitted on your website. HubSpot customers can create and embed forms using HubSpot, which automatically populate into your CMS. Non-HubSpot customers can use a form creation tool like Contact Form 7, JetPack, or Google Forms, and then use HubSpot's free collected forms feature to automatically capture form submissions and input them to a contact database.
Lead generation is not a new form of acquiring a business, but business trends and time necessities have found a better way to get new clients. Rather than sitting at a trade show table for hours on end, or setting up a display in hopes that targeted consumers will complete a form, you can have leads generated and sent to you using available technology, all while you can direct your time elsewhere. https://www.nncinfotech.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/Email-marketing-trends.jpg
If youve been following along from the beginning, you have now learned how to grow your email list to epic proportions, youve segmented your list so that your emails are highly relevant to each individual subscriber, and youve learned how to send amazingly effective emails that have a high open-rate. Now you are ready to automate the process and turn your campaigns into money-making machines!
Focus on the reader first. You should always write your emails to address the needs of your subscribers, not yours. Offer ways to solve their problems, dont simply talk about your products and how great they are. (This is a part that so many companies get wrong.) Ask yourself, what are the biggest pain points/struggles for my subscribers? How can I solve their current problem in this email?
"Why aren't millennials moving?" The subject line of this email campaign reads before citing interesting data about relocation trends in the U.S. Trulia doesn't benefit from people who choose not to move, but the company does benefit from having its fingers on the pulse of the industry -- and showing it cares which way the real estate winds are blowing. https://upcity.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/25908941702_23b26766dc_b.jpg
Engage your email readers with content that is short and to the point. Wordiness and fluff have no place in email marketing campaigns. Reveal your purpose up front and talk about how your purpose relates to the customer to get a connection started. Choose large fonts in an easy-to-read style. Your readers may be people who constantly read while theyre on the go or they may have poor eyesight. Youll want them to be able to read and scan the email quickly.
Companies that pay attention to each of these steps, especially in the early planning stages, and devote the right resources and budget, tend to perform better than the competition. The process isn't simple, and ignoring any of these steps can lead to poor outcomes. Building a killer process, on the other hand, leads to sustained growth and profitability.
Another way to generate leads from social media is to run a contest. Contests are fun and engaging for your followers, and they can also teach you a ton about your audience. It's a win-win. Read our step-by-step guide for growing your email list using social media contests, which covers everything from choosing a platform, to picking a winner, all the way to analyzing your results.
One of the first lessons that I learned about email marketing campaigns is to give sincere thought to how a customer perceives every component of the email, starting with the subject line. Media headlines grab your attention and get you to listen longer or read further. A meaningful subject line for an email offers the same punch. Subject lines should be relevant, interesting and genuine.
When a subscriber is sorted into a segment, it can trigger an automation to send to them. Each persons interactions with your email campaigns or your website can trigger a sequence of follow-up emails based on their interests, allowing you to hone your message to your targeted audience. For example, if someone visits your pricing page, you know theyre probably further down your sales funnel and will want to follow-up appropriately. Or if they went to a specific product page or clicked on a link for that product, you can send additional information about the product, testimonials and more.
This is the number of visits to your website from unique URLs, not including your own employees. A higher number of website visits means more people are landing on your site. This traffic is acknowledged by Google (and other search engines) as an indication of your websites authority. As a result, your website starts ranking higher for keywords youre targeting. One way of getting more visitors to your website is by promoting it extensively on social media.
Promotional emails are one of the most economical ways for any business to connect with customers. Research shows a message is five times more likely to be seen through email than on social media like Facebook or Twitter. Thats why musicians use email marketing software to share their performance schedule with their fans, non-profits use it to get donations and photographers use it to promote their portrait services. It just works. https://www.emailtooltester.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/email-marketing-services.jpg
Essentially, you can tell Office Autopilot what to do if certain things occur. For example, if a customer places an order, you can send an order to your fulfillment house to fulfill that order. Or if a customer leaves, you can send them a last minute special offer. Just select the trigger for the action, then select what list it applies to then select what to do when that action is trigger.
Over the years, businesses have used many tools for lead management, like the rolodex, contact management software and spreadsheets. But these tools function like a system of record. Sales reps just view their leads using these tools; they dont get context. And thats where CRM software (customer relationship management software) fills the void. In a CRM, every lead gets their own profile. This profile contains demographic details, a chronological list of every conversation the lead has had with your business, along with all the data/documents youve ever shared with them. And all this is just one part of what CRM software can do.
Leads may come from various sources or activities, for example, digitally via the Internet, through personal referrals, through telephone calls either by the company or telemarketers, through advertisements, and events. A 2015 study found that 89% of respondents cited email as the most-used channel for generating leads, followed by content marketing, search engine, and finally events.[2] A study from 2014 found that direct traffic, search engines, and web referrals were the three most popular online channels for lead generation, accounting for 93% of leads.[3] https://www.bkacontent.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/Email-Marketing-1024x646.jpg
How do you minimize unsubscribe requests and spam complaints for your auto-responder program? The best way to minimize the risk of unsubscribe requests, spam complaints and non-opened emails with your auto responder program is the same way to minimize those risks with all email marketing. Provide useful, engaging content and good offers that your subscribers will care about. You can also use the best practices for managing unsubscribe requests, opt outs and spam complaints that we'll discuss later in this book and which include: prominent and easy-to-find placement of the unsubscribe link, proper opt-out and opt-in messages and asking users to "white list" you in your initial email.
Facebook has been a method for lead generation since its inception. Originally, companies could use outbound links in their posts and information in their bios to attract strangers to their websites. However, when Facebook Ads was launched in 2007, and its algorithm began to favor accounts that used paid advertising, there was a major shift in how businesses used the platform to capture leads. Facebook created Lead Ads for this purpose. Facebook also has a feature that lets you put a simple call-to-action button at the top of your Facebook Page, helping you send Facebook followers directly to your website.
Content: While the download of a coupon shows an individual has a direct interest in your product or service, content (like an educational ebook or webinar) does not. Therefore, to truly understand the nature of the person's interest in your business, you'll probably need to collect more information to determine whether the person is interested in your product or service and whether they're a good fit.
To view virtual tour properly, Flash Player 9.0.28 or later version is needed.Please download the latest version of Flash Player and install it on your computer.
Just got a tip from my personal trainer! This website is a great place to find basic sports wear. Here you have my favorites! You can get them too and you can often save money! Just a monday tip to give you a great week! And No its not a sponsored link, I just thought I would share this place with you  XOXO Kimmielicious
Sparkling Water & Hydration If you follow me on social media than you are familiar with my latest #MindfulEatingChallenge , operation increase our daily water consumption! Water is the key to a healthy and happy body yeah its honestly that easy! Want to loose []
Your message has been sent. Kim will respond to your questions as soon as possible. If you are not contacted within an hour, we may be having trouble reaching you. Please call us at (770) 722-4226.
Do you wish to visit this property in person? Click the Showing button above to schedule a showing appointment.
Listings identified with the FMLS IDX logo come from FMLS, are held by brokerage firms other than the owner of this website and the listing brokerage is identified in any listing details. Information is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed. 2018 First Multiple Listing Service, Inc.
Your appointment is not yet confirmed! You will be contacted shortly to assure agent availability at your requested appointment time. If it is currently outside business hours, you will be contacted the morning of the next business day.
If you are not contacted within an hour, we may be having trouble reaching you. Please call Metro Brokers	at and ask for Metro Mike.
Complete this form to request an agent show you the inside of this property. A member of Metro Brokers will contact you shortly to confirm your requested appointment.
If it is currently outside business hours, you will be contacted the morning of the next business day.
Your friend will receive an email shortly from Kim	with details on this property. For your convenience, your friend's email and name will be auto-populated next time you use this form.
Complete this form to send a link to this listing to a friend. The email will come from Kim's	email address, and your personal message will be included.
This calculator provides you with an estimate of your monthly mortgage payment based on current rates and down payment. It does not factor in mortgage insurance, taxes, borrower credit or criteria that can affect the loan rate.
 Principal amount qualifies as a jumbo loan. Options such as mortgage insurance may make this payment more affordable. See a mortgage consultant.
 Rates vary based on credit and other factors. The payment shown here is only an estimate. See a mortgage consultant to prequalify for a loan.
Better Homes and Gardens Real Estate Metro Brokers, Atlanta, GA. A licensed real estate broker in Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee.
 2018 Better Homes and Gardens Real Estate Metro Brokers. Better Homes and Gardens is a registered trademark of Meredith Corporation licensed to Better Homes and Gardens Real Estate LLC. The services provided by Metro Brokers Financial, Metro Home Mortgage, Metro Brokers Insurance, Metro Title Trust and Metro Law Group are not provided by, affiliated with or related to Franchisor, Realogy Corporation, Meredith Corporation (or its affiliates) or the Better Homes and Gardens Real Estate System. Equal Housing Opportunity. Each Firm is Independently Owned and Operated.
Hackers disclosed personal information of 47,000 accounts of Ukrainians on Facebook via FBserver website. Hackers stole the private Facebook messages of over 81,000 accounts, a BBC investigation has revealed.
Police said one of the aircraft crashed into a field near McGee Side Road just east of the 417 in Carp in rural west Ottawa . Canadian paramedics said one person was killed on Sunday after two small planes crashed mid-air in the capital of Ottawa .
McKinnon launched the cold open with a dig at Donald Trump while defending hims against accusations that he's a racist. She claimed they claimed elephants as service animals on "very common" flights and then crossed into Mexico .
Kepa Arrizabalaga is no doubt Chelsea's first-choice goalkeeper and should start between the sticks on Sunday. The Blues have been looking strong and their manager has suggested a golden formula to them for winning it.
His status remains as murky as ever - he still has to serve out the remainder of a USADA suspension - and was not spotted at MSG. He is now the first fighter in UFC history to successfully defend a championship in multiple weight-classes.
The 25-year-old France worldwide rejoined United from Juventus in August 2016 for a then world record 89m. The fact Pogba has spoken so fondly about Turin is human nature, of course.
Many recalled the infamous "Willie Horton" campaign ad from the 1988 presidential election between George H.W. Republicans govern 33 of the 50 States, while Democrats have 16 (Alaska is governed by an Independent).
If you set a time delay here, then a student has to wait for that time before they can attempt their third or later attempts.
The 9th annual Hoxeyville Music Festival, held August 19-21 in the Heart of the Manistee National Forest in northwest Michigan, announces a diverse lineup including fusion masters Umphrey's McGee, Grateful Dead drummer Mickey Hart Band, Michigans rising newgrass stars Greensky Bluegrass, New Orleans-funk infused Ivan Neville's Dumpstaphunk, satirist songwriter Todd Snider, reggae pioneers The Itals, Umphreys side project Digital Tape Machine and many more. The Hoxeyville Music Festival is held on 85 acres of pristine North Country farmland and hardwood forest located next door to Kestelwoods campground which includes a swimming pool, showers, plug-ins, dump station and wireless Internet. As in years past, the festival site also features a disc golf course with a glow course, a variety of VIP and quiet camping options, a vendor village and a beer tent featuring some of the finest brews from the region. Hoxeyville thrives on somewhat of an exclusive basis as the events attendance is capped at 5000 in order to keep the intimate vibe that the organizers have intended from the festivals inception.
CUonVacation is powered by Montrose Travel. Montrose Travel is accredited by the following organizations:
WEBPILOT DIGITAL MARKETING AND WEB DESIGN STUDIO was founded in 2013 and is based in Dubai, UAE WebPilot believes that ... >
Kingfisher Marine Construction has been helping waterfront property owners protect their investment for over 25 years. Top quality construction, completed on time and on budget is our trademark. Your waterfront is unique and at Kingfisher, your project will be carefully designed and completed by our team of experienced marine construction professionals.
We specialize in complete marina reconstruction, including dredging, slips, and lifts, living shorelines designed to protect the environment as well as your shoreline, bulkheads and breakwaters, stone jetties and revetments, docks and piers. Consulting, design and permitting are included in each project scope.
We serve the Chesapeake Bay Area, Delaware and southeastern Pennsylvania. We are a licensed Maryland Marine Contractor, fully insured, with strong bonding capacity.
Whether a vacation home or you are fortunate enough to live on the water full time, protecting your investment is a top priority. We understand the waterways of our area and can help you design..
Any given off-season you will find Kingfisher getting local marinas ready for spring boating season. Maintaining your waterfront infrastructure is crucial to your business. Ask any of our..
Kingfishers recent government contracts include the State of Delaware Department of Natural Resources, United States Coast Guard, Marylands State Highway Administration..
Take a look through our Smile Gallery to see the positive changes we are making in the lives of our patients.
This will send your client an email that contains a link which will automatically log them in to this page. You may also add a message to the email.
Hi all. I present to Mr. Rabbit. Accompanying this picture I leave my first video with themaking of the session. It is a gift to all who are following me on my blog. I hope that in this way will be easier to keep lighting schemes.
The important thing is to use photo black background and the flash from behind the fund. To give shape to the figures of crystal white I used two screens on the sides.Trying is very simple
The other day I was walking near my house. Passing by a shop I saw this fantastic gallery and I thought I could put in the middle of my great friend Miguel HernandezBorland bluesman. So I immediately got in touch with him and explained my idea. As you know he agreed to pose delighted once again with my camera.
The issue of lighting had it more or less clear. As you see in the picture I used my main flash canon 430 with snoot to highlight more the face and chest but not too builtMichael not to create a very high contrast. To the right of the put a fill flash with atranslucent white umbrella.
In the rear of a two flashes used to highlight the silhouette and the other to illuminate the background and create a sort of flame at the back.
Today on my way home I decided to make this picture. In which a man looking throughhis house Ventada concerned about what was happening outside.
I parent very fair I have time to devote to prepare all these assemblies. Although I think that is complicated is not. As I always say that if you have it in your head everything goes very fast. This simple exercise took me to do about 12 minutes.
Good afternoon. On this day 10 exposure Shadows otherwise see the light. In the presentation I decided to do a portrait of all attendees. This is one of them. Thanks for your time.
As you can see is a simple lighting scheme with a single point of light. Because of the location and the available material and improvisation is what I could get better. The source of lux is right in front of the model shifted slightly to the left of the axis of thecamera. The beauty is homemade disc. I fabricate a tale of dog food. As you can seeeverything is very simple you just have to be taking pictures.
You could have improved the photo by placing a fill flash on the back right of the model to separate some of the background or adding a flash shot to the back wall with a red jelly. That is a matter of imagination.
Casey Calvert returns with her finest submission to date. She is no stranger to rough and brutal rope bondage and wastes no time getting warmed up. She is immediately suspended in the middle of the room, dangling helplessly and exposed to the sadistic intentions of her male handler. As her toned and athletic ass is spanked, her mouth is suspended by a huge rubber ball gag tied to end of a rope. As soon as her jaw tires for gripping the ball gag, a massive cock is thrust into her throat coercing her to gag and choke with delight. She is then restrained in a vicious back bend that draws her arms and feet into maximum extension. Her smooth skin is pulled taut and is ruthlessly abused by leather crop. Tired from the sound of her screams and her pleas for mercy, the dom shoves his cock down her throat and jams a hitachi onto her clit. Caseys entire body spasms as many unwilling orgasms are ripped from her pussy while nipple clamps yank on her tits. Now that she is warmed up, Casey is flipped onto knees and tied down in a doggystyle position. Before she knows what is happening, the dom takes his giant cock and shoves it into her tight, creamy pussy. Her whole ass shakes while it gets spanked ruthlessly with a leather paddle. She whimpers with delights and begs to cum. But she hasnt earned the right to orgasm yet and her dom relishes the pain of her orgasm denial. To end the day, Casey is flipped onto her back and is fucked mercilessly in her teeny pink pussy. As sweat pools all over her body she begs to cum with breathless whispers. And when she cant handle another moment of the hot fucking, the cruel sadist blows a huge load of jizz all over her swollen and engorged pussy.
The worlds most celebrated football tournament is set to start in 18 days, and the authorised distributors of international TV brands are offering attractive schemes targeting soccer enthusiasts in Nepal. Skyworth, Hisense and LG have launched new TV models and different schemes with an eye on the World Cup. FIFA World Cup 2018 is scheduled to be held in Russia from June 14 to July 15.
Smart Appliance Company, a subsidiary of the KL Dugar Group, recently launched Wallpaper TV, a slim television set from Skyworth. In a bid to entice soccer fans to buy new television sets to watch the World Cup matches, Smart Appliances has offered a 25 percent discount on Skyworth TV sets. The company has also launched Google Android TV and multi-functional tea table from the brand.
Prasant Acharya, regional manager (sales and marketing) of Hisense, which is also one of the official sponsors of the FIFA World Cup, said that the company was conducting sales campaigns in different places targeting the World Cup.
The company offers cash back of up to 30 percent on LED televisions. The company also has scratch card and lucky draw schemes where winning customers can take home microwaves, LED TVs, refrigerators and washing machines.
TV sales have doubled this World Cup season compared to the 2014 World Cup, Acharya said. Affordable prices, upgraded technology and digital channels have led to a boost in TV sales this year, he added. The company expects to sell 2,500 to 3,000 televisions during this World Cup season.
According to Acharya, 50 percent of the customers prefer 32-inch LED TV, 20 to 25 percent prefer 39 to 43-inch TV, 10 to 16 percent prefer 49 to 60-inch TV and the remaining 10 percent prefer wall TV. Meanwhile, Sanjay Rajbhandary, marketing communications and brand management head at CG Electronics, is hopeful that the LG brand TVs will sell well
We have aimed to sell 30 percent more TVs this season. Our major focus will be on the 43, 49 and 55-inch segment for the LG brand. Also, the company will be focusing on TV brands like LG, CG, TCL and Sensei under CG Electronics.
The company is seeing very good demand for TCL Curved TVs in the 49 and 55-inch segment. According to Rajbhandary, peoples preferences are shifting to 32-inch and larger sets.
There is a whole bunch of customers upgrading to the 49-inch and larger segments. Upgrading to smart TV is growing unbelievably fast, he said. All smart TV heavyweights are set to engage in a battle royale during the FIFA World Cup 2018.
A field study conducted by the National Vigilance Centre, an anti-graft body under the Prime Ministers Office, has unearthed several irregularities in the Youth Self Employment Programme launched in 2008.
Delays in settling protracted disputes between landowners and tillers over sharing of land have led to corruption and irregularities in Land Revenue Offices, a recent National Vigilance Centre (NVC) study says.
The National Vigilance Centre (NVC) has set up teams to check several complaints of dubious practices in half a dozen public institutions.
The government staffers who submitted their property details increased by 0.3 percent points in the last fiscal year 2016-17 compared to the previous year.
The National Vigilance Centre (NVC) has been struggling to bring its laboratory into operation even 10 months after its installation.
Preparations to set up a laboratory to test construction materials for infrastructure projects have hit a snag as a major supplier of lab materials has delayed sending its experts, according to the National Vigilance Centre (NVC) that is overseeing the project.
Established in February 1993, the Kathmandu Post, Nepals first privately owned English broadsheet daily, is today Nepals leading English language newspaper, with a daily circulation of 82,000 copies. This makes the Post Nepals second-most widely circulated newspaperafter Kantipur daily. The Kathmandu Post is also a member of Asia News Network that has over 15 members and is known for its insightful, unbiased journalistic work of the highest calibre.
HIGH AND DRY DURING HARVEY. Here's your chance to have an affordable home with a pool in Conroe ISD! Corner lot, covered patio with 1/2 bath for your swimming guests. Large sunroom has been added for additional living and office space and is perfect for entertaining family and friends while kids enjoy the pool on a hot day.
What makes a Gold Park Home such a valuable purchase? Is it the 50-year family tradition of carefully crafted homebuilding? Is it the fine features or the inspired designs? Is it the neighbourhoods they develop from raw land to finished communities? Or is it the architecturally inspired elevations? Whatever your reason, the reassuring fact is that a Gold Park Home is simply worth more.
Buying a home is likely the biggest investment youll ever make so you want to trust the choice you make. When you purchase a home from Gold Park Homes, you can be confident that it is Worth More, not only for quality and craftsmanship, but also for the attention and service you get from our Customer Care Team. From your very first visit to the day you move into your new Gold Park home, we want you to enjoy the buying process. Thats why were here for you every step of the way from choosing your design, selecting your finishes and upgrades, to walking through your new home at various stages of completion. Even after you move in, you can be sure of a prompt response from us. Thats because your satisfaction is worth everything to us.
Me and my family have had a great experience with Gold Park Homes Encore from the day we chose our lot until the day we moved in. Our PDI was a pleasant experience and the Gold Park rep was a great help. Customer service gives prompt response upon calling them even for minor or major work. There were a few minor touch ups needed and they were taken care of in time. Gold Park Homes has built a real dream home for me and my family as expected. Gold Park Homes is really worth more! Thanks Gold Park Homes!
I don't know about you but I am head over heels for anything baby pink corset lace up. I have been lusting over the Mink Pink dress for quite awhile now but haven't seem to put the effort into actually buying it but as soon as i saw these ASOS corset skinny pant on StuddedHearts i fell hard. So freaking cute, dude.
Union minister Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore Tuesday condemned the Naxal attack in Chhattisgarh in which three people, including a DD News cameraman, were killed.
Sub Inspector Rudra Pratap, Assistant Constable Mangala, and Doordarshan (DD) News cameraman Achyutanand Sahu were killed in a Naxal ambush in poll-bound Chhattisgarhs Dantewada district on Tuesday.
Prasar Bharati Parivar condoles the death of Cameraman Achyutananda Sahu earlier today near Dantewada in Chhattisgarh. Our prayers with his family during this difficult moment, the national broadcaster said on its official Twitter handle.
Responding to the tragic news of the attack, Information and Broadcasting Minister Rathore tweeted: Strongly condemn the Naxal attack on the @DDNewsLive crew in Dantewada. Deeply saddened by the demise of our cameraman Achyuta Nanda Sahu and two jawans of @crpfindia (sic).
We will take care of his (cameramans) family. We salute all those media persons who go for coverage in such dangerous situations, remember their bravery, the minister told reporters.
Chairman Prasar Bharati A Surya Prakash expressed heartfelt condolences to the families of the deceased.
Shocked to hear of the attack on DD News and the death of cameraman and security officials. Heartfelt condolences to the families and our prayers, he said on Twitter.
CEO Prasar Bharati said he was shocked and saddened by the death of brave cameraman Achyutananda Sahu in the line of duty in Chhattisgarh for the cause of democracy.
We stand in solidarity with the brave @DDNewsLive team deployed to cover the upcoming assembly elections in Chhattisgarh, he said.
Director general Doordarshan Supriya Sahu also expressed sadness at the death of the CRPF jawans and the DD cameraman
Our hearts go out to the families of our brave cameraperson Shri Achyutananda Sahu and CRPF Jawans who laid down their lives in the line of duty. Salute and respect from Doordarshan family, she tweeted.
Two policemen were also injured in the incident, which took place at Nilawaya village under the Aranpur police station.
INFOENTIRE.com is one of the best websites to provide useful and updates information from various categories from all around the World Wide Web.
Some atrocities can't be avoided. Like Justin Bieber. But yeah. I've tried to be open-minded about Hunters and Sandworms but at the end I've just decided to send both of them to the desert for Shai-Hulud. But unfortunately both was the digital versions and I had to just send them to a recycle bin
Use of the term "Golden" was probably as propaganda, to divert character's attention from the havoc it would cause.
I just realized this for the first time...the association between "Golden" and the Biblical Golden Calf (which almost even rhymes with Golden Path). After all, the Golden Path was about setting up a living God to be worshipped, an idol to oppress the universe until it exploded. Now that I think of it I can't help but thing this was intentional and was exactly what Frank had in mind. That would make "Golden Path" literally be the blueprint for the actual plan of action, and in some ironic sense make an idol of gold just as the ancient Hebrews did, turning value on its head and showing that the thing which people worship is why they verge toward decadence. In the Bible what they worshipped was gold, but in Frank's world what they worship is leaders and heroes, so what better way to give a lesson their bones would remember than to give them exactly what they do desperately wanted - their version of the Golden Calf - the KH as a God.
georgiedenbro wrote: I just realized this for the first time...the association between "Golden" and the Biblical Golden Calf (which almost even rhymes with Golden Path). After all, the Golden Path was about setting up a living God to be worshipped, an idol to oppress the universe until it exploded. Now that I think of it I can't help but thing this was intentional and was exactly what Frank had in mind. That would make "Golden Path" literally be the blueprint for the actual plan of action, and in some ironic sense make an idol of gold just as the ancient Hebrews did, turning value on its head and showing that the thing which people worship is why they verge toward decadence. In the Bible what they worshipped was gold, but in Frank's world what they worship is leaders and heroes, so what better way to give a lesson their bones would remember than to give them exactly what they do desperately wanted - their version of the Golden Calf - the KH as a God.
I never thought that before. I thought he was just invoking the idea of things like the shining path.
Omphalos wrote: I never thought that before. I thought he was just invoking the idea of things like the shining path.
to achieve that end, Leto II consolidated the known universe under his rule and enforced millennia of political/cultural/economic stability and tranquility. the whole point of this was to build up wanderlust, innovation, and rebellion against charismatic authority
by concentrating power in his hands, that meant that his death would be the bursting of a societal dam that had stood for millennia, releasing a torrent of energy and expansion which became The Scattering. by spreading the human race far and wide in the universe, by breeding prescience-cloaking genes, by encouraging innovation (no-globes, ixian navigators, etc.), and by weaning the human race off of their dependence on spice from Arrakis, he ensured human survival.
he didn't do this for power, narcissism, or long life. in fact, Leto II took on a huge burden and sacrifice (which was too much for Paul-Muad'dib) to prevent human extinction.
This is somewhat off-topic, but it just occurred to me: Leto's Peace is structured like Plato's Republic. Leto II as philosopher-king, Fish Speakers as the guardian class, and everyone else as workers/producers.
xcalibur wrote: This is somewhat off-topic, but it just occurred to me: Leto's Peace is structured like Plato's Republic. Leto II as philosopher-king, Fish Speakers as the guardian class, and everyone else as workers/producers.
Assuming the comparison is apt (I'll be reading the Republic again in a few months, most likely, so I can check up on it) do you take this to mean that Plato himself was satirizing the notion of a good republic in his dialogue just as Leto II was deliberately satirizing bad government?
inhuien wrote: Hmm, never thought of Leto's 3500 year reign as a polictal pun. Or have I missed your point?
Pun? He created the most oppressive government possible in order to guarantee that no one like him could control all of humanity ever again. The point of his reign was to teach the universe a lesson their bones would remember about how awful things were under him. It was certainly not an attempt to demonstrate how good government should operate. It was an example of how not to govern, which makes it a satire of itself. My question was whether, likewise, Plato was deliberately describing the worst possible government in order to make a point.
it's debatable. was the Republic an earnest attempt at conceiving of an ideal society? or was it meant as a warning against idealism? personally I don't think it was satire, even if it tread onto unrealistic and dangerous ground. the overall argument is complex and rational, and it has excellent ideas that have shaped philosophy ever since (allegory of the cave, etc).
while I'm fascinated with the ideas of the Republic, I'm also wary of utopias. In history, most utopian efforts have resulted in dystopia (and that to a nightmarish extent). even if all goes well, the problem I have is with stasis. I believe societies should be continuously growing and changing. Remaining stable in a certain form, even a very good one, creates risks. what if the status quo is broken, and the efficient utopia can't adapt to a new situation? the result is breakdown and chaos (like the Famine Times and Scattering).
the comparison is correct, in fact it's an unexpected parallel. Plato's Republic aims to build a utopia, while Leto II builds a "utopia" (or very unusual dystopia) in order to ensure that massive change happens afterward and humanity's survival is secured. What they have in common, aside from basic structure, is stability. both are designed to maintain their status quo for the greater good.
Wasn't sure in which thread to post this picture, but I thought it was neat. Never heard this quote from Honest Abe before, and after doing a bit of checking it seems to be a false attribution to him than began recently. But I've decided to pretend he said it anyhow.
Our republican system was meant for a homogeneous people. As long as blacks continue to live with the whites they constitute a threat to the national life. Family life may also collapse and the increase of mixed breed bastards may some day challenge the supremacy of the white man.
Freakzilla wrote: Our republican system was meant for a homogeneous people. As long as blacks continue to live with the whites they constitute a threat to the national life. Family life may also collapse and the increase of mixed breed bastards may some day challenge the supremacy of the white man.
Wow, never heard that one. I did some checking, though, and apparently the internet is getting to be a tough place to parse whether quotes are really accurate. It seems the one you cited was actually contained in a letter from the Reverend James Mitchell of Indiana, written to Lincoln. Crazy world.
Realy? I tried to check it out before I posted it but... oh well. I had heard a similar quote that day on the radio but I couldn't find it and that one came up.
I will say then that I am not, nor ever have been, in favor of bringing about in any way the social and political equality of the white and black races, [applause]that I am not nor ever have been in favor of making voters or jurors of negroes, nor of qualifying them to hold office, nor to intermarry with white people; and I will say in addition to this that there is a physical difference between the white and black races which I believe will forever forbid the two races living together on terms of social and political equality. And inasmuch as they cannot so live, while they do remain together there must be the position of superior and inferior, and I as much as any other man am in favor of having the superior position assigned to the white race. ~ Abraham Lincoln
SadisticCynic wrote: Here's one which I think is real. It was in A People's History of the United States:
Yeah, a lot of these internet quotes are wrongly attributed but are still in the spirit of what the person might have said, while others are just totally made up.
offers mm thick transparent rigid pvc sheet productsAbout of these are plastic sheetsA wide variety of mm thick transparent rigid pvc
Vycom s Celtec rigid foamed Expanded PVC is digital or screen printable and ideal for various applications in the sign and graphic marketsCeltec Expanded
Plastic Stockist provides a wide range of PVC sheet with high impact strength and self extinguishing propertiesView our prices and Clear Extruded Pvc Sheet
Thank you for browsing our site to learn more about us! Please share your comments, feedback, and suggestions regarding your experience with WPC partners. We will continue to improve our products and services.Copyright ? WPC Co Ltd. All rights reserved.
James Shoemaker of Patten, Wornom, Hatten & Diamonstein is a leading lawyer on the Peninsula who regularly sues employers on behalf of his employee clients. So, when he addresses attendees of the final showing of the 34th Annual Employment Law Update at the Hampton Roads Convention Center, his perspective on how he chooses employers to sue should be helpful to employers who want to keep from being sued. Mr. Shoemaker will not only let attendees know how to avoid being sued by lawyers like him, but he will participate in a workshop on how to safely discipline and discharge employees following his luncheon presentation.
Mr. Shoemaker will not be the only highlight of the July 19th final showing of the 34th Annual Employment Law Update. A number of representatives from relevant state and federal employment law agencies like the EEOC will also be on hand to help the K&C Employment Team present a number of topics, including Handling Unemployment Claims; How to Effectively Document Employment Actions; How to Deal with the Toxic Employee; Problem Absenteeism and a Workplace Harassment Update. Also, the ever-popular K&C Answer Booth will help provide answers to all employment related questions attendees may have.
The 34th Annual Employment Law Update is intended to provide employers and HR professionals with the latest legal updates along with practical ways to avoid legal claims. Entertaining videos will be presented in keeping with an Office Party theme to help employers see what they should avoid doing in the workplace to reduce liability. Attendees can also earn up to 6 credit hours toward PHR and SPHR recertification through the Human Resource Certification Institute (HRCI) and 5 PDCs toward the SHRM-CP or SHRM-SCP. In addition, one lucky attendee will win a $350 gift card to be used toward an office party at one of the Peninsulas hottest party venues, Tradition Brewing. To register for this final showing of the 34th Annual Employment Law Update click here or contact Caitlyn Anderson at 757-624-3232 or cdanderson@kaufcan.com.
View at different sizes (click here for some charts): smaller bigger 10% 20% 30% 40% 50% 60% 70% 80% 90% 100%
If you want a winning role, act like a scientist. Talk like a scientist. Imagine that everything you say is backed by a study published in a peer-reviewed journal. (The Underground, Jon Rappoport)
Objectivity. What more could you want? What could be more objective than science? What could be less open to dispute? Who could be more authoritative than a scientist? What could influence public opinion more thoroughly than a whole group of scientists, an establishment of scientists, backed by the government?
Notice that when a news anchor takes an unimpeachable statement from a scientist, they both sound like scientists. The double whammy.
It is simply no longer possible to believe much of the clinical research that is published, or to rely on the judgment of trusted physicians or authoritative medical guidelines. I take no pleasure in this conclusion, which I reached slowly and reluctantly over my two decades as an editor of The New England Journal of Medicine. Marcia Angell, MD (Drug Companies and Doctors: A story of Corruption. NY Review of Books, Jan. 15, 2009.)
Essentially, Angell is saying that fraud dressed up to look like science is pervasive in official medical media.
Take the breaking story of NBCs Brian Williams, the most trusted name in news. He lied about being in a helicopter taking fire in Iraq in 2003. He admitted the lie yesterday, and in his confession he apparently lied again, giving the false impression that the helicopter right in front of his took the fire, when at least one soldier on the scene states that Williams helicopter wasnt even in the same formation, but landed some time later.
The impact of Williams lying is magnified by his persona of objectivity, which is on display every night on NBC. The objective man was lying. He was making it up. He was faking it.
Consider the 2004 Pediatrics study which exonerated the MMR vaccine and claimed it was in no way connected to autism. Objective science. But last August, one of the authors of the study, William Thompson, a long-time researcher at the CDC, released a statement through his attorney, Rick Morgan, confessing that he and his co-authors had lied, omitted vital data, rigged the study, in order to give the vaccine a free pass.
Centuries ago, when a ruling priest addressed an audience and shouted and pointed at the sky and warned of great danger and destruction, and told of curses, and laid out a path for appeasing the gods, he was considered an objective authority. He wasnt accused of ranting.
Today, the appearance of scientific objectivity is the key. Whoever holds that key is considered an authority. Therefore, many, many people affect that pose. Especially in the news business.
In days gone by, priestly shouting was accepted as a truth-indicator and thus induced a trance. Today, the pose of science induces the trance.
This is the reality egg: the pose and appearance of scientific objectivity. This is how the egg is built.
But here is the truth. The egg, the enclosed dome are being built for us by messengers who appear to be objective. Theyre the narrators. Theyre the news princes and the scientists. Theyre the key actors.
They can mix image and word and algorithm and computer model to prove anything, and in doing so they can act as if theyre reporting factsrather than building the egg.
The egg is there for one reason: to convince us that each one of us cant invent his own open realities, to convince us that we cant find ways to cooperate, as free and independent and powerful individuals, and crack the egg.
The author of three explosive collections, THE MATRIX REVEALED, EXIT FROM THE MATRIX, and POWER OUTSIDE THE MATRIX, Jon was a candidate for a US Congressional seat in the 29th District of California. He maintains a consulting practice for private clients, the purpose of which is the expansion of personal creative power. Nominated for a Pulitzer Prize, he has worked as an investigative reporter for 30 years, writing articles on politics, medicine, and health for CBS Healthwatch, LA Weekly, Spin Magazine, Stern, and other newspapers and magazines in the US and Europe. Jon has delivered lectures and seminars on global politics, health, logic, and creative power to audiences around the world. You can sign up for his free emails at NoMoreFakeNews.com or OutsideTheRealityMachine.
So enjoy your voice of reason and clarity on how things are in this world..I just hope humanity wakes up in time.
Is he one of those symbols that have become a hardened energyonce the cracks appear, it wont take long and he will be shuffled of to pasture with a field full heifers. And they will bring on a new Max headroom.
A guy walks into the doctors office. A banana stuck in one of his ears, a head of lettuce in the other ear, and a carrot stuck in one nostril. The man says, Doc, this is terrible. Whats wrong with me? The doctor says, Well, first of all, you need to eat more sensibly.
There isnt much pure science being done anymore. Too much big business behind it all now. It does tend to squew the results.
Why? I cant imagine Stars and Stripes would run story like that without approval, so why would the regime want to discredit a loyal salesman like Brian Williams?
I read the S&S article and the comments section. This is largely a Step To The Right audience poised for an anti-liberal event. The Powers That Be are getting ready for the pendulum to swing back to the right politically in our living soap opera. This will fit nicely with the narrative. A swinging pendulum keeps us all in a trance.
Must be something like that. They throw one of the fortunate ones to the wolves every once in a while. Lance, Tiger, Cosby.Maybe to keep the other baboons in line?
The sad news of this posting, so many lives are being sacrificed fueled by all the corrupt entities, not held accountable and protected legally against public recourse.
This is very true. In the past, you could not question a priest. Now, you cant question a scientist. The stupidity of the human race never goes away. The forms of the stupidity merely change with the times. You used to be able to lie to people in the language of faith. Now, you must lie to them in the language of Science (Scientism). EVERYTHING I said in this comment has been verified by peer-reviewed studies in major medical journals. So, you can feel proud of believing it.
His job is lying. He is doing a good job overall, so he gets to keep his job. Unless people stop believing him. Then he will be fired.
This is a deadly serious issue that calls into question the conviction in which we hold our own core beliefs to be relevant in a healthy and functioning society. In our desire to advance Humanity to its highest state of being, we must vow to hold our institutions and ourselves to the highest
OH SCREW THAT! I havent stopped laughing since this morning when I heard that Big-Time-TeeVee-News-Boy got his nuts in a wringer for lying through his teeth!!
Very true. I once worked in television news. Most all of it was rubbish and not really important at all. The real news is never reported. I hope your readers appreciate your cracking of the egg here. Now go get your vaccinations my good sheeple. The gubmint says its good for you!
*If you want a winning role, act like a scientist. Talk like a scientist. Imagine that everything you say is backed by a study published in a peer-reviewed journal.*
In addition to Brian Williams, another one who is a true master in this way of presenting himself is none other than (a child can handle 10,000 vaccines! (http://vactruth.com/2012/04/16/10000-crazy-vaccines/) and inventor of rotavirus vaccine (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Offit)) **Dr Paul Offit.**
then do a find on Offit and read what he had to say in response to soft and semi-hard questions, (he was the third and final guest  so scroll down)
On a related note, cnnmoney is promoting an anti-anti-establishment kill piece on the vaccine skeptics, following the money trail as though this group was any different than the AMA etc. funding its own research. They have a new young voice of authority / cheerleader. Ugh. http://money.cnn.com/video/news/2015/02/05/the-money-behind-the-vaccine-medical-myth.cnnmoney/index.html?iid=HP_LN
Wow. That is like one long comedy of logical errors and unsupported assumptions. People used to think the smallpox vaccine caused their child to get diabetes, but then we isolated insulin and that nonsense went away. Really? Yes, Mrs. Smith, weve determined your childs diabetes couldnt have been caused by the vaccine because it was actually caused by a sudden and inexplicable inability to produce insulin.
Offit didnt want to debate the opposition because the science is all on his side, and it wouldnt be fair. I guess it just wouldnt help the viewers to watch him slay the opposition with superior science. The viewers will be much better served if he just announces afterward that everything the opposition said was nonsense.
They lay the egg to us very carefully, with a lot of dexterity, otherwise, they might drop it and the egg would crack open.
How badly they flail about when their shortcomings and deceit are exposed for all to see. Pay no attention to that man over there! And so was all who beheld the spectacle of their majesty, enthralled with their trances. It is they, who say what the reality is, and it is the masses, who are expect to consume the toxic atmosphere of subdued self-judgment  in the face of the gods of truth.
Be he cursed, he who of self-propelled determination and keen insight, that he shall endanger the molded minds of the many. Let his words nary be heard, but barely above the whisper of the breeze. Let his heart be shorn from him, that he may feel not, the pangs of righteous indignation when put to him, those things that injure his individuality. Let the masses rejoice in their omnipotent ignorance, and in their reverence for the sooth-sayers of the day. For the majority be made up of sincere fools!
Wow! His apology is even worse. Brian didnt lie, he misremembered Or didnt chose to make this mistake.
Ok, but he lied about that for the first time in 2003, the same year it happened. Hes able to conflate an event in which he participated with an event he made up or heard about 30-60 minutes later? This guy is able to conflate a normal ride with being on a different helicopter that was hit by an RPG. Isnt grotesque enough?
It seems that all others NBC employees with him that day in the same helicopter have never tried to correct him. They have allowed the false story to be aired again and again.
Few people say Brian Williams should be fired because hes a liar. Come on! Lying is what Brian does for living. The first day he stops, the system will collapse.
Were so steeped in willful institutional deception its a wonder consensus reality is holding together at all. Do people like Williams really understand how low theyve sunk? Have we, as a society, wandered so far off track that we no longer care about basing our lives here on any semblance of integrity? A shockingly sad state of affairs when you really think about it. I hope youre right, that their strategy and pose is failing. Seems thats only true if people, on a massive scale, are seeing the deception; is that happening yet?
RT @SeanZachel: 1) I'm looking at the photos in this story and noticing some interesting things. twitter.com/AP/status/1061 -- 1 day ago
Advice to writers of investigative journalism and non-fiction and short stories and novels and plays... twitter.com/i/web/status/1 -- 1 day ago
RT @GreatBeyond444: @jonrappoport Hmmm... your tweets aren't showing up on my feed anymore. I'm glad I checked to see what you've been up t -- 5 days ago
Archives Select Month November 2018 (7) October 2018 (21) September 2018 (20) August 2018 (31) July 2018 (32) June 2018 (29) May 2018 (30) April 2018 (31) March 2018 (41) February 2018 (35) January 2018 (41) December 2017 (37) November 2017 (42) October 2017 (50) September 2017 (42) August 2017 (43) July 2017 (42) June 2017 (39) May 2017 (40) April 2017 (45) March 2017 (49) February 2017 (46) January 2017 (45) December 2016 (53) November 2016 (46) October 2016 (48) September 2016 (36) August 2016 (39) July 2016 (36) June 2016 (36) May 2016 (33) April 2016 (36) March 2016 (48) February 2016 (48) January 2016 (40) December 2015 (32) November 2015 (31) October 2015 (39) September 2015 (34) August 2015 (30) July 2015 (29) June 2015 (29) May 2015 (34) April 2015 (42) March 2015 (33) February 2015 (27) January 2015 (32) December 2014 (32) November 2014 (42) October 2014 (45) September 2014 (44) August 2014 (46) July 2014 (42) June 2014 (34) May 2014 (30) April 2014 (28) March 2014 (41) February 2014 (42) January 2014 (30) December 2013 (16) November 2013 (23) October 2013 (39) September 2013 (40) August 2013 (27) July 2013 (21) June 2013 (24) May 2013 (22) April 2013 (22) March 2013 (23) February 2013 (17) January 2013 (30) December 2012 (29) November 2012 (28) October 2012 (16) September 2012 (18) August 2012 (23) July 2012 (26) June 2012 (19) May 2012 (18) April 2012 (18) March 2012 (18) February 2012 (10) January 2012 (11) December 2011 (17) November 2011 (25) October 2011 (21) September 2011 (31) August 2011 (36) July 2011 (18) June 2011 (52) May 2011 (47) April 2011 (17) March 2011 (10) February 2011 (4) January 2011 (3) December 2010 (6) November 2010 (27) October 2010 (20) September 2010 (7) August 2010 (1) July 2010 (4) June 2010 (14) May 2010 (13) April 2010 (5) March 2010 (6) February 2010 (1) January 2010 (3) December 2009 (16) November 2009 (2) October 2009 (2) June 2009 (1)
I'm a multilanguage guy, you might allready know that Living in a multilang environment, I use on daily basis at least 3 languages, and I have contributed to internationalization of many open source (and not only) software packages - so naturally I am in the multilanguage site development from the start.
Joomla is a truly international application and supports the translation of all strings contained within it. Templates are no exception on this. They are a bit neglected, but a little extra time spent here will ensure that the strings used in your templates are translatable will pay back - and will give you an edge over your competitors.
Are you looking for "vedanta"? Check out vedanta The passionate experts in this field are ready to answer all of your requests. Are you looking for "stove repair"? Check out tophomeappliancerepair The passionate experts in this field are ready to answer all of your requests. A website like https://bet1015.com will provide you with the highest quality in the industry. In case you're interested in knowing more info on economic espionage, stop by docurex.com
Someone or something that has changed dramatically to become decreased in vivacity in some way, often following negative circumstances or some traumatic event. Ever since Tim was in that accident, he's been a shadow of his former self. She's so quiet now, like a shadow of her former self. Does anyone know what happened to the bubbly girl we once knew? Many of the town's residents moved away, leaving it a shadow of its former self.
To be weaker or inferior in comparison to how someone or something was previously, often due to negative circumstances. After suffering from a prolonged illness, Sharon was a shadow of her former self. This town is a shadow of its former self after so many of its residents have moved away.
To be weaker or inferior in comparison to how someone or something was previously, often due to negative circumstances. After suffering from a prolonged illness, Sharon was a ghost of her former self. This town is a ghost of its former self after so many of its residents have moved away.
Someone or something that has changed dramatically to become decreased in vivacity in some way, often following negative circumstances or some traumatic event. Tom's been nothing but a shadow of his old self since that accident, his bubbly, outgoing persona replaced by gloom and seriousness. The mass emigration of workers from the country during the recession has left it a mere shadow of its old self.
Selves leave no fossils, so we cannot know for certain how the first colonial (multicellular) organisms came to sense their selves.
However, as Michael Schoenfeldt's Bodies and Selves in Early Modern England makes clear, it is still quite possible to say important and original things about both bodies and selves, and about the ways in which early modern writers imagined each in terms of the other.
Guernsey uses this observation to argue against Stephen Greenblatt and others who can f ind only socially constructed selves in the Renaissance, only what amount to Winnicottian "false selves.
The Pulse of Praise: Form as Second Self in the Poetry of George Herbert & Writing the Flesh: The Herbert Family Dialogue
People have a need to view them selves as good and meaningful citizens of their cultures," Heine remarks.
Males also tended to express higher levels of satisfaction with their physical selves than did their female classmates.
Mandy Izzo is a Senior Science Writer for the Institute for Disease Modeling, where she develops scientific content for the global health community. She earned a BA in Integrative Biology from the University of California, Berkeley; an MS in Biology from California State University, Northridge; and a PhD in Ecology and Evolutionary Biology from the University of Michigan. Her training was furthered during post-doctoral positions at the University of California, Davis, first in the Department of Entomology and Nematology, and then in the Department of Fish, Wildlife, and Conservation Biology. She has over 11 years of field and lab experience in the biological sciences that include the design, oversight, execution, and analysis of projects. Trained as an Evolutionary Ecologist with specialization in the Behavioral Ecology of insects, Mandys work on insects has spanned topics such as the evolution of cricket song in the presence of an acoustically-orienting parasitic fly; the evolution of signals mediating inter- and intra-sexual selection in paper wasps; how multi-modal signals interact to mediate social interactions among dominance hierarchies in social insects; and how social interactions maintain honesty in communication. In addition to her work on insects, she has forayed into other taxa as well, examining the functionality of zebra stripes and studying the social, hormonal, and genetic basis of aggressive behavior of female tree swallows. Mandy is passionate about science communication, and aims to help make science more accessible between fields as well as to the general public. Her enjoyment of engaging others in science is manifest in her numerous publications and award-winning presentations. She holds a long-standing interest in public health and epidemiology, and is extremely excited for the opportunity to participate in the scientific process with a group that strives towards increasing transparency in science.
Matthes, Christian & Hollmayr, Josef, 2015. "Tales of Transition Paths: Policy Uncertainty and Random Walks," Working Paper 15-11, Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond.
HTML HTML with abstract plain text plain text with abstract BibTeX RIS (EndNote, RefMan, ProCite) ReDIF JSON
Timothy Cogley & Thomas J. Sargent, 2003. "Drifts and volatilities: monetary policies and outcomes in the post WWII U.S," FRB Atlanta Working Paper 2003-25, Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta.
Thomas J. Sargent & Noah Williams, 2005. "Impacts of Priors on Convergence and Escapes from Nash Inflation," Review of Economic Dynamics, Elsevier for the Society for Economic Dynamics, vol. 8(2), pages 360-391, April.
Leeper, Eric M. & Zha, Tao, 2003. "Modest policy interventions," Journal of Monetary Economics, Elsevier, vol. 50(8), pages 1673-1700, November.
David Andolfatto & Paul Gomme, 1997. "Monetary Policy Regimes and Beliefs," Cahiers de recherche CREFE / CREFE Working Papers 48, CREFE, Universit du Qubec  Montral, revised Apr 2001.
David Andolfatto & Paul Gomme, 1997. "Monetary policy regimes and beliefs," Discussion Paper / Institute for Empirical Macroeconomics 118, Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis.
Fabio Milani, 2005. "Expectations, Learning and Macroeconomic Persistence," Macroeconomics 0510022, University Library of Munich, Germany.
Thomas A. Lubik & Frank Schorfheide, 2004. "Testing for Indeterminacy: An Application to U.S. Monetary Policy," American Economic Review, American Economic Association, vol. 94(1), pages 190-217, March.
Crdia, Vasco & Finocchiaro, Daria, 2012. "Monetary Regime Change and Business Cycles," Working Paper Series 2013-02, Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco.
Lawrence J. Christiano & Martin Eichenbaum & Charles Evans, 2001. "Nominal Rigidities and the Dynamic Effects of a Shock to Monetary Policy," NBER Working Papers 8403, National Bureau of Economic Research, Inc.
Mark Gertler & Jordi Gali & Richard Clarida, 1999. "The Science of Monetary Policy: A New Keynesian Perspective," Journal of Economic Literature, American Economic Association, vol. 37(4), pages 1661-1707, December.
Leeper, Eric M., 1991. "Equilibria under 'active' and 'passive' monetary and fiscal policies," Journal of Monetary Economics, Elsevier, vol. 27(1), pages 129-147, February.
Francesco Bianchi & Leonardo Melosi, 2013. "Dormant Shocks and Fiscal Virtue," PIER Working Paper Archive 13-032, Penn Institute for Economic Research, Department of Economics, University of Pennsylvania.
Francesco Bianchi, 2010. "Regime Switches, Agents' Beliefs, and Post-World War II U.S. Macroeconomic Dynamics," Working Papers 10-39, Duke University, Department of Economics.
Francesco Bianchi, 2012. "Regime Switches, Agents Beliefs, and Post-World War II U.S. Macroeconomic Dynamics," Working Papers 12-04, Duke University, Department of Economics.
Francesco Bianchi, 2009. "Regime Switches, Agents Beliefs, and Post-World War II U.S. Macroeconomic Dynamics," 2009 Meeting Papers 198, Society for Economic Dynamics.
Thomas Sargent & Noah Williams & Tao Zha, 2006. "Shocks and Government Beliefs: The Rise and Fall of American Inflation," American Economic Review, American Economic Association, vol. 96(4), pages 1193-1224, September.
For technical questions regarding this item, or to correct its authors, title, abstract, bibliographic or download information, contact: (Christian Pascasio). General contact details of provider: http://edirc.repec.org/data/frbrius.html .
If CitEc recognized a reference but did not link an item in RePEc to it, you can help with this form .
If you know of missing items citing this one, you can help us creating those links by adding the relevant references in the same way as above, for each refering item. If you are a registered author of this item, you may also want to check the "citations" tab in your RePEc Author Service profile, as there may be some citations waiting for confirmation.
Please note that corrections may take a couple of weeks to filter through the various RePEc services.
IDEAS is a RePEc service hosted by the Research Division of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis . RePEc uses bibliographic data supplied by the respective publishers.
This paper examines how different unionisation structures affect firms' innovation incentives and industry employment. We distinguish three modes of unionisation with increasing degree of centralisation: (1) "Decentralisation" where wages are determined independently at the firm-level, (2) "coordination" where one industry union sets individual wages for all firms, and (3) "centralisation" where an industry union sets a uniform wage rate for all firms. While firms' investment incentives are largest under "centralisation", investment incentives are non-monotone in the degree of centralisation: "Decentralisation" carries higher investment incentives than "coordination". Labour market policy can spur innovation by decentralising unionisation structures or through non-discrimination rules.
Haucap, Justus & Wey, Christian, 2003. "Unionisation Structures and Innovation Incentives," Working Paper 21/2003, Helmut Schmidt University, Hamburg.
Soskice, David, 1990. "Wage Determination: The Changing Role of Institutions in Advanced Industrialized Countries," Oxford Review of Economic Policy, Oxford University Press, vol. 6(4), pages 36-61, Winter.
Bester, H. & Petrakis, E., 1991. "The Incentives for Cost Reduction in a Differentiated Industry," Discussion Paper 1991-36, Tilburg University, Center for Economic Research.
Ulph, A. M. & Ulph, D. T., 1994. "Labour markets and innovation: Ex-post bargaining," European Economic Review, Elsevier, vol. 38(1), pages 195-210, January.
Agell, Jonas, 1999. "On the Benefits from Rigid Labour Markets: Norms, Market Failures, and Social Insurance," Economic Journal, Royal Economic Society, vol. 109(453), pages 143-164, February.
Agell, Jonas, 1998. "On the Benefits from Rigid Labour Markets: Norms, Market Failures, and Social Insurance," Working Paper Series 1998:17, Uppsala University, Department of Economics.
Brown, Charles & Medoff, James, 1978. "Trade Unions in the Production Process," Journal of Political Economy, University of Chicago Press, vol. 86(3), pages 355-378, June.
Oswald, Andrew J, 1985. " The Economic Theory of Trade Unions: An Introductory Survey," Scandinavian Journal of Economics, Wiley Blackwell, vol. 87(2), pages 160-193.
Kleinknecht, Alfred, 1998. "Is Labour Market Flexibility Harmful to Innovation?," Cambridge Journal of Economics, Oxford University Press, vol. 22(3), pages 387-396, May.
Oswald, Andrew J & Turnbull, Peter J, 1985. "Pay and Employment Determination in Britain: What Are Labour," Oxford Review of Economic Policy, Oxford University Press, vol. 1(2), pages 80-97, Summer.
J50 - Labor and Demographic Economics - - Labor-Management Relations, Trade Unions, and Collective Bargaining - - - General
For technical questions regarding this item, or to correct its authors, title, abstract, bibliographic or download information, contact: (Klaus Bekcmann). General contact details of provider: http://edirc.repec.org/data/egbwhde.html .
As export market shares, India and Turkey are approximately equally important, but the key factor that tilts the scales in favor of Turkey is the greater certainty and stability that characterizes its relations with Pakistan.
What tilts the scales in her favour at Roland Garros is that Sharapova has reached at least the semi-finals in the last four years and the final in the last three -- something that has not been achieved since Justine Henin won three titles in a row between 2005 and 2007.
William Haggas' three-year-old tackles older horses for the first time, but the 7lb he receives tilts the scales very much in his favour.
I made two empirical observations relevant to the conclusion of some that "science tilts the scales toward atheism": first, that "many (most?
The sweeping changes - which come into force before Christmas - are in a package of legal reforms approved by MSPs which tilts the scales of justice more in favour of the victim than the accused.
The novice Good Shuil could prove to be the biggest danger but Zayta's experience tilts the scales in her favour.
A judgment so large that it cannot be bonded tilts the scales of justice and can force companies to settle cases even if they believe the facts and the law will result in the reversal of a verdict after review by an appellate court," Ohlemeyer said.
And the multi-purpose nature of the Shaikh Hamdan Sports Complex definitely tilts the scales in our favour.
Higher average closing costs and fewer days on the market also point to a robust market and one that tilts the scales in the seller's favor.
Nottingham emotive pop punks HIGH TIDES have debuted a new music video for their song Bridges, coming from their sophomore mini-album Im Not Giving Up, Im Just Starting Over, slated for a March 17th release via Scylla Records! The track ignites the fire within you due to catchy lines and powerful performance, whose optimism is counterbalanced with some nostalgic feel. Just like the very core of the pop punk genre, these guys seem to be built on a multiplicity of identities that allows us to love them, but not necessarily appreciate the generic parts of their offering and whether or not youd like to argue about these guys, theirnew track is worth a check!
Nottingham quintet HIGH TIDES, describe themselves as putting emo into pop punk since 2015. The forthcoming release is self-described as covering themes including heartbreak, learning from mistakes and realising that things do get better; sometimes you just have to make a fresh start for that to happen.
HIGH TIDES have for the most part, been in eachothers lives for years and some even from school age:
Weve all been in bands previously both together and separately, but this final line up just clicked instantly both musically and socially.
Within the busy sphere pop punk, HIGH TIDES say that what sets them apart from their contempories is both their music and their live show:
We feel our sound brings some fresh elements to the UK Pop punk sound, being a bit deeper and more mature than other bands on the scene, tending to stray from the typical In sound currently being shared. Live its always crazy energetic and we put absolutely everything into it, we dont feel weve done a good enough job unless we come off stage looking like weve had a bath in sweat.
1,5 years since the release of their last LP on TruthseekerMusic and Smithsfoodgroup DIY, Brightons feverish, rocknroll infused...
Lilles JODIE FASTER and Rouens GENITAL JIGGLING are teaming up for one of the wildest and fun fast punk records this year, and...
1,5 years since the release of their last LP on TruthseekerMusic and Smithsfoodgroup DIY, Brightons feverish, rocknroll infused post hardcore act HOWLS are back with a...
Fresh off his recent US tour with his chaotic post-hardcore band BIRDS IN ROW and 2 weeks before their European run, French...
Over a year since the release of their latest self-titled full length, Greek hardcore powerpack MY TURN return with a new raging...
THE SOUTHERN ORACLE grew out of Budapests metal and hardcore community 9 years ago, gradually delving deep into metallic hardcore terrain with...
 IDIOTEQ is a DIY online magazine covering some of the hardcore punk and rock music scene, and supporting DIY ethics and local bands
 IDIOTEQ (pronounce idiotec) is a phonetic transcription of the word Idioteque  the act of suddenly going into a crazy, seizure like state. A vision of a society, where people are increasingly more obsessed with pointless technology, selfishness and mindless entertainment than life itself.
Income Investors: Use This Strategy. tired brands from the big food conglomerates and revitalizes them.Screening Strategies Compared to a Basic. and many of them have.The Options Playbook: Option Strategies for Rookies Part I Delivering Options Education TO. com 19.Options Playbook.Mendoza is studying the mental strategies use when. our ideas and thoughts or the words we use to name and verbalize them.We assume based on current information that final will be on December 19. More complex option strategies. Use of.The session was presented by Eric Cott of the Options Industry.
Bullish traders will typically take advantage of outsized fear by selling put options, a strategy allows them. options trader Mike Khouw told CNBC.First Name: Email: Membership: Self-Study: Coaching: Software: Biotech:. you must use a theoretical pricing model to.Explore put option trading and different put option strategies.Then use that information to strengthen your employee-retention strategies.Credit Spread Option Trading Strategy. Here are the option trading strategies we.Enter your name and email to get announcements about webinars and trading strategies from SMB Options Tribe.
STATE OF WASHINGTON. children, allowing them to be enrolled in the.Find great deals for Options Plain and Simple: Successful Strategies Without Rocket Science by Lenny.Pearson helps administrators tackle some of the biggest challenges facing colleges and universities by providing content, technology, and service expertise. Comment on this strategy. ANSWER. Options are clearly more valuable. Details on all the traffic generation tactics and strategies I use in.
This may familiarize a rookie in the act and become designed with strategies that can help them. defining what options trading strategy you need to use to be.Options Intelligence: Puts and Calls as Analytical Tools April 2012 Scott H.
ACCPAC Multimedia Training. 19 Options that enhance. analysis and strategy tool designed. displaying them in.You will see implementation of all strategies using. you can take back control using the strategies and techniques covered in Options. Sep. 14 - Oct. 19.
RISK MANAGEMENT FOR FARMERS by Alan Miller,. 19 Options As An Approach to Managing Risk. make full use of them.Here are the option trading strategies we use and a short description of them.A Closer Look at Strategy 4 and. 19. Options for Self-Assessment AFTER LEARNING Using the results of. and let them keep track of and share their.
Gaining knowledge about how Options work and how you can use them to meet your specific investment. 19:31. tastytrade.
This can familiarize a novice in the process and become designed with strategies that can help them. defining what options trading strategy you should use in.Column 19 Options for Investment Clubs February 10, 2003. Thus, you pofit more often when using the Covered Call Writing strategy, although that profit is limited.
Why not all of them. Toy gun api simple exciting strategies currency option positional strategy makes binary of.Options trading negative delta. Added: 19. to stock market strategies to 401k planning. benefits available to them via the use of options,. Whether you are new to options trading or are looking to learn advanced strategies, 1 on 1 options mentoring is customized to help you.
Curved Office Desks Curved Office Desk Office Desk Executive Desk For Sale Dark Wood Curved Office Desk Curved Office Curved Office Desks Uk  jaityler.com
Curved Office Desks Curved Office Desk Office Desk Executive Desk For Sale Dark Wood Curved Office Desk Curved Office Curved Office Desks Uk
curved office desks curved office desk office desk executive desk for sale dark wood curved office desk curved office curved office desks uk.
curved office desk nz desks with drawers 6 elegant and comfortable home uk,curved home office desks uk with drawers modern desk mobile file,spectacular curved office desks on excellent home design desk top uk with drawers,curved office desks with drawers desk top for sale rounded corner table round,curved office desk ikea top canada furniture liquidators near me,curved home office desks uk desk large size of with drawers,curved office desk ikea home desks with drawers corner u shaped,curved office desks modern white desk top with drawers for sale,curved office desk canada desks furniture table oak nz for sale,large curved office desks desk nz top elegant with idea.
key stage two maths worksheets key stage 3 maths worksheets and answers gallery worksheet for key stage 3 maths worksheets online.
key stage 4 maths worksheets math download them and try to solve 2 pdf,key stage 3 maths worksheets volume year 1 pdf free mental arithmetic 2,key stage 1 maths worksheets free printable 3 algebra awesome colorful 2 games model general year pdf,key stage 3 maths worksheets and answers gallery worksheet for three 4 free,key stage 4 maths worksheets and answers 2 level year 1 pdf uk beautiful math photo free geek,key stage 3 maths worksheets to print math year 6 2 and answers,key stage 3 maths worksheets year 9 1 printable awesome best to print 4,key stage 4 maths worksheets year 1 pdf uk 3 volume problem solving activities,key stage 3 maths worksheets online and answers 4 free place value the best image,key stage 3 maths worksheets to print 4 mathematics download them and try solve printable.
All around us God has placed amazing creatures and habitats for us to enjoy and care for. Some are even as close as our own backyards. Join Peter Schreimer, host and creator of Smithsonian HD Channels Critter Quest!, as he takes children (6-10 years old) on an interactive adventure to discover amazing animals and their natural environments.
Having created, written and produced many of his own projects as well as having worked on national video projects, Peter Schriemer is an award winning filmmaker who has received more than fifteen prestigious industry awards. Being Americas hands-on naturalist, Peter enjoys exploring outside, assisting field biologists with research projects, and teaching children about Gods wondrous creation. Peter received his B.A. in Film and Video Studies from the University of Michigan in 2005 and now resides in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
If you have questions or would like to suggest ideas about improving or correcting any item available on our web site, please contact us.
Zaev Holdings LLC, owner of the "Loving Truth Books & Gifts" store, is a PayPal Verified Merchant. Find high quality 18/10 Stainless Steel kitchenware products, plus free recipes at Old World Cuisine, also owned and operated by Zaev Holdings LLC.
If you would like to link to us, please use some of the banners and available code on the Link to Us page.
Oxford Says Hello EV will introduce you to the world of electric fleets and update you on the national and local policies that are driving the transition to e-mobility.
Together with peers from around Oxfordshire you will explore the challenges and opportunities presented by moving to an increasingly electric business fleet.
The event is co-hosted by Oxford City Councils Low Carbon Oxford programme, Oxfordshire County Council and [ui!]uk:urban integrated ltd.
Low Carbon Oxford is a network of over 40 diverse organisations all working together to reduce carbon emissions in Oxford by 40% by 2020.
Workplace.ca is your gateway to Canadian management and workplace resources. It has all the tools you need to create and use successful management and human resources strategies.
Laura Tait is currently the Director, Operations & Human Resources at Pinchin LeBlanc Environmental Ltd. Based in Dartmouth, NS, Laura provides support to Pinchin LeBlancs four offices in Atlantic Canada. Since completing her Bachelor of Commerce and earning her Certificate in Human Resource Management from Saint Marys University, Laura has focused her career to date on HR and operations management in small to medium sized companies and enjoys navigating growth and change in these entrepreneurial environments. Laura completed the Registered Professional Recruiter (RPR) program in 2003 through IPM and also holds the CHRP designation.
Patricia McKay is presently an independent HR Consultant having recently retired after 30 years with the Nova Scotia Community College. She was previously Employee Services Advisor with NSCC Shelburne Campus. She works in a number of areas including payroll, recruitment, benefits and training. Pat has a generalist background. She holds a Business Administration Certificate from Mount Saint Vincent University. Pat also has the following Certificates from St. Mary's University: Managing in a Unionized Work Environment, Compensation Planning Basics for HR Professionals, Essentials Skills for the Human Resource Professional, Legal and Human Rights Issues at Work, Power Interviewing and Managing in a Workplace. She also holds her RPR (Registered Professional Recruiter) designation through IPM.
Brandi Babando is currently a Senior Specialist, Human Resources for Bell in Atlantic Canada. Based in Bedford, NS, Brandi provides support to her client group in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and New Brunswick. Brandi returned to school in her 20s to earn her Certificate in Human Resource Management from Saint Marys University in order to focus her career to date on HR and operations management. Brandi completed the Registered Professional Recruiter (RPR) program in 2004 through IPM and also holds the CPHR designation.
Jaime Moore is currently HR Advisor at the Canadian Commercial Corporation. Jaime deals in a number of areas including recruitment and selection, health and safety, work description writing and classification, as well as some labour relations and HR policy development. Jaime holds a B.A. in Industrial Psychology from the University of Western Ontario as well as a Certificate in Human Resources Management from Sheridan College. Jaime has her Registered Professional Trainer (RPT) designation as well as her CHRP designation. Jaime has a generalist background and has held a variety positions in the past with organizations such as Nestl Canada, The Childrens Aid Society of Ottawa and McConnell HR Consulting.
Brianne Carlson is the Grievance Officer at the Association of Professors of the University of Ottawa. Working in the field of labour relations, Brianne provides bargaining unit members with expert advice on all matters under a Collective Agreement including grievances, accommodation requirements, complaint processes and conditions of work. Having worked in both the private and public sectors, Brianne has extensive experience in a number of areas within human resources including recruitment and selection, job classification and evaluation, employee relations and organizational governance and policy development. Brianne holds a B.A. in French and Spanish from Dalhousie University, a Certificate in Human Resources Management from Algonquin College and is currently pursuing a Certificate in Labour Relations. Brianne also holds her Registered Professional Recruiter (RPR) designation and Registered Assessment Specialist (RAS) designation through IPM.
Lynia Vincent is an independent HR Consultant with over 25 years of diverse HR experience. Her passion is conducting workplace investigations. Lynia effectively helps clients work through many complex workplace issues. She has experience conducting investigations into allegations of harassment and workplace violence, code of conduct violations, bullying, poisoned work environments and other problematic workplace behaviour. Lynia holds the RPR (Registered Professional Recruiter) designation as well as the Certified Human Resources Leader (CHRL). She is a member of the Association of Professional Recruiters of Canada (APRC), the Human Resources Professionals Association (HRPA) and Canadian Association of Workplace Investigators (CAWI).
Cindy Ziobrowski is the Director of HR for Mayfair Diagnostics in Calgary, Alberta. Mayfair Diagnostics is a leader in the medical imaging industry serving more than 700,00 patients and providing more than 90,000 teleradiology interpretations per year. As key member of the senior leadership team, Cindy is responsible for providing direction and support to the People & Culture team, identifying organizational needs and the strategic development and delivery of all core human resources functions. In addition to her Registered Professional Recruiter (RPR) and Registered Professional Trainer (RPT) designations through IPM, she has completed her Bachelor of Commerce Degree from the University of Saskatchewan.
As a lifelong learner, Dmetri has studied Project Management at the Graduate level. He blends his 15 years of professional recruitment and post-secondary admissions experience to focus on strategic enrollment management for both public and private schools. He's currently assigned to the Calgary City Centre CDI College Campus, where he takes the helm as Campus Director. Since 2011, Dmetri has completed the Project Management Professional (PMP), the Chartered Professional in Human Resources (CPHR) and the Registered Professional Recruiter (RPR) designations. He is currently working towards the Canadian Management Professional (CMP) designation through IPM.
Kristin Krause Reed is the Senior Talent Acquisition Specialist for GE, General Electric Canada. In her role, Kristin supports all GE businesses in Western Canada, using her industry expertise and strong network to help GE recruit top talent. She has 11 years experience in recruitment in Calgary, 3 years working for an agency and 9 years at GE Canada. Kristin has been an RPR (Registered Professional Recruiter) through IPM since 2006 and has a Bachelor of Management Degree from the University of Lethbridge. Kristin also commits her volunteer time to the Junior Chamber of Calgary.
Linda Kellett is an independent HR Consultant. She has over twenty five years' HR experience, twenty of those with BDO Dunwoody LLP. She was a Director of Human Resources in BDO's National Office in Toronto. Linda has extensive expertise in the areas of recruitment, compensation, performance management and project management. Linda was responsible for the update and development of BDO policies and procedures. In 1995, Linda completed the requirements for her Certified Administrative Management (C.A.M.) designation, and in 2002 obtained her Canadian Personnel Professional (CPP) designation which recognizes human resource management skills. Linda has participated in "Real Time Coaching" and is a member of the Canadian Management Professionals Association and HRPA Ontario.
Reeshma Jassani is currently the Director of Human Resources/Labour Relations working for CN Rail. With over 15 years of experience in employment law and human resources, she oversees the HR strategy and planning for the organization including: implementing HR best practices, addressing the strategic needs of the business, performance management and compensation decisions, execution of organizational effectiveness, workforce and succession planning, disability case management and return to work programs, managing complex employee relations issues, analyzing and coaching senior leaders on legal risks relative to Human Rights and Employment Standards matters. She possesses strong knowledge and expertise of employment legislation and guides business leaders across Canada in fostering a development, coaching and mentoring culture within the organization. She holds a Masters in Business Administration (MBA) from Athabasca University, and has both her Canadian Management Professional (CMP) and Registered Professional Trainer (RPT) designations through IPM.
Shawn Nesseth is the Training Developer at 407 ETR Concession Company Limited in Woodbridge, Ontario. Shawn earned his Honours Bachelor of Commerce Degree with a specialization in Sports Administration from Laurentian University and his Registered Professional Trainer (RPT) designation through IPM. Shawn is a Langevin Learning Services Master Trainer with specialty certifications as a Training Manager/Director, Training Generalist, and e-Learning Specialist. Shawn is dedicated to the design, development, and delivery of high-quality training initiatives, including Health and Safety, Compliance, Technical Skills, Soft Skills, and Customer Service. Shawn embraces Lifelong Learning and is committed to supporting the success of his colleagues through training and development.
Connie Olson is a Human Resources professional with over fifteen years experience in Senior HR Leadership roles. Working collaboratively with key stakeholders, Connie recognizes the importance of building strong HR programs and initiatives that support and sustain an organizations performance. Connie has an HR Manager and Generalist background and has held positions at various organizations such as Independent Electric & Controls Ltd., Derks Formals & Menswear where she also managed the Bridal Fantasy Event Office, Goodwill Industries of Alberta and CCS Corporation (Tervita) where she was awarded the Werklund Leadership Award. Connie has also completed the Dale Carnegie Leadership Training Program and holds her Registered Professional Recruiters (RPR) designation as well as her Canadian Management Professional (CMP) designation through IPM.
Jacqueline Jackson is an HR Business Partner with Clean Harbors in Edmonton with over ten years experience in HR. A driven and strategic leader, Jacqueline focuses on how best to facilitate change and support business leaders in all aspects of people management. Training has long been a passion for Jacqueline, obtaining her Registered Professional Trainer (RPT) designation through IPM is another accomplished goal along the road to utilizing her lifelong learning mind-set to craft training programs that provide managers with the tools and skills necessary to do their jobs well. Jacquelines HR Manager and Generalist background with Ledcor, Dowland and Clean Harbors has enabled her to hone her HR skill set along with her HR Management Certificate from Grant MacEwan College.
Jacalyn (Jackie) Appelt is a career Human Resources Generalist with comprehensive broad-based experience. She has a passion for HR Management and a penchant for labour/employee relations. She has extensive experience as a leader, manager and professional within public and private sector organizations including post-secondary institutions, healthcare, libraries, municipal government, industrial camp & catering, trucking and public education. Jackie brings integrity, teamwork and a collaborative, interest based approach while demonstrating sound judgment, due diligence, dedication and determination to her profession. Jackie has CHRP, IPMA-CP designations, a Human Resources Management certificate and numerous professional development training courses.
"Jims ideas were great, his good business sense and respect for budgets were terrific. He is extremely creative yet understanding and wonderful to work with."
"I have been involved with Lowen+ Associates on several projects over the past 7 years. I find Jim and his associates to be very professional and extremely good designers and architects. Jim has the ability to take the vision of a client and turn out a design that exceeds expectations. Jim understands that it takes a team to get a project built and performs his services at a very high level."
"US Community Credit Union has relied on Lowen+Associates, Llc to deliver high quality cost efficient branch designs for over ten years. The associates at L+A are always courteous, professional, and eager to help us with any of our design and construction needs. We cannot be more pleased with the product, service, and industry contacts we have received. L+A has proven to be a beneficial business partner to US Community Credit Union as we grow and expand." - Paul S. Johnson President and CEO
"We've lived in the home you designed for us for 5 years now. There's not a single thing we would change about the design if we built it again, which speaks volumes about your ability to deliver what a client asks you for. We LOVE it!!!" Beverly Greer George
Tuesday 9th May 1pm St Davids Hall, Cardiff Vivaldi  The Four Seasons The Welsh Chamber Players (Director Peter Esswood) with critically acclaimed violinist Matthew Jones, celebrated the 50th Anniversary Season of the Lower Machen Festival in this performance...
Friday 16th June 11am The Old Community Library, Caerleon You enjoyed a masterclass event with Michael Collins, one of the most complete musicians of his...
Friday 16th June 7.30pm St Michael & All Angels Church, Lower Machen Philippa Davies  flute Gareth Hulse  oboe Michael Collins  clarinet John McDougall  bassoon Stephen Stirling  horn Rossini  Overture: Litaliana in...
Saturday 17th June 11.00am Studio Theatre Riverfront, Newport Around the world on 47 strings It took Phileas Fogg eighty days, our star harpist Tomos Xerri will whisk you around the world in under an hour, stopping off to dance the tango in Argentina, sing an ode to...
Why are ye fearful  Matthew 8:23-27 It had been a long trip and our young family was tired and ready for bed. My wife and I had driven a long way that day to begin a vacation with her brother and his wife. In the past three months babes had been born to both of our families and we 
Suggested Scripture reading  Matthew 14:22 -31 It had been a long drive for the missionary. He was visiting supporting churches and was scheduled to speak at a church on the eastern shore of Maryland the next day. He had driven several hundred miles and was looking forward to the end of his trip. Problem was that between him and 
God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble. Therefore will not we fear. Psalm 46:1-2 The wind was picking up quickly as we made our way to the safe house into which the people of our church were gathering. Hurricane Georges, a category 4 hurricane was swirling in the Gulf of Mexico just off shore and 
But when Jesus heard it, He answered him, saying, Fear not: believe only and she shall be made whole. Suggested Scripture reading  Luke 8:40  50 Tom had not been able to get them out of his mind. A missionary had come to his church recently and reported on the work he was doing in a far off land 
Mary was espoused to Joseph, before they came together, she was found with chi;d of the Holy Ghost. . . . While he [Joseph] thought on these things, behold, the angel of the Lord appeared unto him in a dream, saying, Joseph, thou son of David, fear not to take unto thee Mary thy wife. Matthew 1:18-20 Suggested Scripture reading 
And when Zacharias saw him [the angel, Gabriel] he was troubled, and fear fell upon him. But the angel said unto him, Fear not, Zacharias: for thy prayer is heard; and thy wife Elisabeth shall bear thee a son. Luke 1: 12-13 Suggested Scripture reading  Luke 1:5-24; 57-80 It was a day like any other day. Zacharias and his 
Suggested Scripture reading, Luke 1: 26  56 Joseph, the earthly father of the Lord Jesus lived in the small town of Nazareth not far from the Sea of Galilee. Nazareth was located on trade routes from the east to the west and on a road that came south from the sea port of Tyre and went on to Jerusalem. 
Fear not, daughter of Sion; behold, thy King cometh. John 12:15 Suggested Scripture readings  Matthew 12:12-19; Zechariah 9:9 March of 1942, was a dark time in the Philippines. It was especially dark for over 140,000 foreigners who were living there at the time as Teachers, businessmen and missionaries. One of those missionaries was a lady named Mona Kimmery.
There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear: I John 4:18a Suggested Scripture reading  I John 4: 1-21 The preacher thundered from the pulpit. For we must all appear before the judgement seat of Christ; that everyone may receive the things done in his body, according to that he hath done, whether it be good 
Suggested Scripture reading  Matthew 14:22-33 But straightway Jesus spake unto them, saying, be of good cheer; it is I; be not afraid. Matthew 14:27 The day had been challenging and long. The Lord Jesus Had spoken to thousands of people buy the Sea of Galilee. Before he sent them away He fed over 5,000 of these people with only 
Archives Select Month January 2016 April 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 July 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012
Please look for the confirmation email after you sign up. We promise to never share your email address with anyone.
The Stone Soup Institute is an international school offering courses of study which integrate traditional and contemporary practices and knowledge in the Agrarian Arts & Sciences, Crafts and Fine Arts.
From the pigs we processed this winter, we cured and smoked the hams, bacon, and most of the shoulders. They came out amazingly well. We gathered information from books and other farmers to devise a system that fit within our resource constraints.
Here is the smoker. A fire is built in the stove, and the smoke is vented out to where the meat is hanging.
This bacon has been curing in the curing mixture. It was hung here so we can spray the salt off, so that it doesn't get overly salty.
The final product, hanging in the house. We cut the bacon into usable sizes, and froze it. This bacon was hands down the best bacon that most people surveyed had ever eaten.
Many a late night was devoted to grinding sausage. Here we have some smoked kielbasa- another amazing blessing from the pig.
The circle is symbolic of a complete process, the outer circle divided into the four parts, representing the seasons of study. A total of twelve lines extend from the circle; the 12 months of the year. The space within the circle is symbolic of the great void from which inspiration and creativity spring forth. These designs were created by Rolf Hamacher, a co-founder of SSI.
I like writing, playing banjo and guitar, and singing. I love the White Mountains, and the ocean, and New Mexico. Avid supporter of silliness.
Arsenal hero Petit: I've been critical of Wenger. He appreciates it Wenger was in unusually reflective mood as he prepared for the final match of his Arsenal tenure at Huddersfield Town tomorrow. The Gunners lost 3-0 to Premier League champions Manchester City in the League Cup final at Wembley earlier this season.
George Soros charity damns Viktor Orban for '100m spent on lies' Soros supporters argued the campaign also had anti-Semitic overtones, a claim the government rejected. The building that houses the Budapest offices of the Open Society Foundations in Budapest , Hungary.
Twitter moves against 'troll' behaviour that 'distorts and detracts' from conversation In 2015, then CEO Dick Costolo acknowledged that the company "sucks at dealing with abuse and trolls ". Twitter has a "secret conversation" feature built into its app, but it has not yet been launched.
United Kingdom spy chief warns on threats from IS, Russia Mr Barnier has previously declared the United Kingdom will be cut from security and defence involvement once it leaves the EU. The attack, with the novichok toxin, marked the first use of a nerve agent in Europe since the Second World War.
Oops; Gap apologizes for T-shirt's wrong China map Gap has apologised for a T-shirt that featured a map of China without territories such as Taiwan . But Gap's China headquarters in Shanghai said the T-shirt had not been released in China.
Hit the road: Southgate omits Wilshere from England squad Southgate added that informing players they would not be going to the World Cup was "the most hard conversation" a coach can have. There is some debate about the midfielders that Gareth Southgate should take with him to Russian Federation .
Trailers for 'The Passage,' 'Rel' and more new FOX shows Launching mid-season is the epic thriller The Passage , from executive producers Ridley Scott, Matt Reeves, and Liz Heldens. Fox and other broadcast networks are presenting their new schedules to advertisers in NY this week.
ICSE 10th Result 2018: CISCE ICSE Class 10 Results declared, check www Over 16 lakh student appeared for the class 10 examination while more than 10 lakh student appeared for the class 12 examination. Seven of the 13 toppers in the Class 10 ICSE exams and six of the 49 toppers in the Class 12 ISC exams are from Mumbai city.
Man Utd To Announce Signing After FA Cup Final Michael Carrick's career switch from Manchester United player to coach will get going at Wembley on Saturday for the FA Cup final. Carrick will hang up his boots at the end of the campaign and become part of Jose Mourinho's coaching staff next term.
Rep. Eric Swalwell: Trump needs to divest from family businesses Kudlow, speaking in a live interview with Politico news outlet, said he backed U.S. USA shares were set to drift lower with Dow futures down 0.2 percent at 24,827.
Mile-long lava path flows towards ocean in Hawaii The eruptions have opened 20 vents in the ground, while lava has destroyed more than 40 structures, including two dozen homes. CNN reports the week after Kilauea erupted on May 3, the island lost about $1.5 million.
Vettel's struggles continue with 4th place at Spanish GP It was the closest I've been to feeling it is all going right, but there are still things that are not quite flawless ". Lewis Hamilton and Mercedes won the 2018 Spanish Grand Prix; this was Hamilton's second consecutive win of the season.
We need more time to agree on policies, say Italian populists The north's legions of small, often family-run businesses are the backbone of Italy's most productive region. Any deal would be aimed at satisfying both Mr Di Maio's and Mr Salvini's largely different constituencies.
James Milner's potential absence a huge blow to Liverpool's Champions League hopes Ronaldo doesn't want another star player to overtake him as the key man at Real Madrid admid links with Salah. Once again we will be making the UEFA Champions League final available to all to watch online for free.
Home Depot Sales Miss Estimates; Fretting Ensues The stock has a market capitalization of $217,738.48, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.98, a PEG ratio of 1.49 and a beta of 1.15. The acquisition was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link .
Fans had found out that a sequel was in the works thanks to a major leak from Walmart Canada last week. After that, the official Twitter profile of RAGE has been reactivated and actually stayed active for the following days. The game seems to have several warring factions mowing each other down in pure mayhem.
Unlike the first game, Rage 2 boasts a full open world wasteland for players to traverse. Now, we finally have something concrete.
It won't be the studio's first female-led film - Brie Larson is already set to enter the franchise as Captain Marvel in 2019. Adding further to it Marvel revealed, "We have plans for that once we've introduced Captain Marvel to the world".
Pre-Order for RAGE 2 is available right now priced at $59.99 implementing several pre-order bonuses. This entire incident resulted in a teaser for Rage 2 which barely showed us anything about the game. Publisher Bethesda has teamed up with id Software and Avalanche Studios to create an open world shooter that looks like Resdient Evil meets Destiny.
Bethesda is promising a "carnival of carnage where you can go anywhere, shoot anything, and explode everything". In an interview with German-language publication GameStar (via Google Translate), creative director Tim Willits was quick to address this, saying that he "can say for sure" that the game will not have any loot boxes. However, this blood has also made them a target for the Authority, and after years of fighting, Walker is the only Ranger still standing. Take a look at the new footage for yourself above. The earth is now a wasteland where ruthless gangs are fighting over territorial power.
There are also a host of party primaries, other races and measures on the Central Oregon ballots. Those who have not voted yet can still return their ballot by 8 p.m.to a ballot drop site.
One aspect of Rage 2 that (amazingly) hasn't leaked is the release date. As expected, RAGE 2 will have some sort of storyline apart from the following, however, no further information has been revealed. However, the official description of Rage 2 provides some clues. It does a brilliant job of showing off the game's open-world, it's traversal options from monster trucks to gyrocopters, and the weaponry, which includes guns, mechs and more.
Looking at the brief gameplay trailer, you can already see the game forming. Though, it did manage to capture that Mad Max vibe, as it featured characters with outlandishly punk costumes taunting on screen.
A Ranger's arsenal isn't limited to the abundance of upgradeable weapons and toys at their disposal. It is argued that with proper use neotricula abilities, Walker is able to emerge victorious from even a hopeless fight.
According to reports on Saudi Arabian state TV, as published by Arab News, bad weather made observation of the crescent hard .
11LHDVD4-8 - Frank Butler - GOD LOVES WINNERS - DONATION $6.00 - Eight times in Revelation, we read "to him who overcome". In Acts 16:16, the girl said the right thing but with the wrong spirit. The devil will use scripture to trip you up and attack Jesus. Whose authority are we under? Sin shortens our life. Know that when someone attacks you unjustly, there's something wrong in their life. Paul and Silas were able to sing and pray even while incarcerated wrongly. That's freedom in the spirit - vs 27, 33. "God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in the time of trouble," Ps.46:1. When your ways please the Lord, even our enemies are at peace with us. Joy comes from serving Jesus.
17LHDVD12-7 [DVD - $6.00] - Geri McGhee - BITTERNESS - The Word of God says its the truth that sets us free. Yes, sometimes we need some help from ministers or teachers but the Word of God is the truth that brings freedom into our lives. However, we are required to obey what His Word tells us in order to receive the benefits. We must deal with fear, anger, hurt, and depression, all of which leads to bitterness in our lives - if we want to be free and if we want to see God. We must repent if we want to get free of the demons attached. God is merciful and will show us the things that we need to repent for. The Word of God tells us that a curse without a cause cannot light. So if theres a curse, theres a cause. How we respond to our trials decides whether we will be bitter or better so we must learn the correct way to respond. Deliverance is all about repentance. When we repent, the demons leave because they have no grounds to stay. One example Geri uses is about what happens if we are not producing acceptable fruit. Bitterness in our lives will cause us to produce bad fruit. John 15 tells us that if we bear no fruit, we are cut off as a branch, and destroyed by burning which may pertain to terminal diagnosis from your physician. Ephesians 4:17-32 gives instruction on how we are to walk if we want to be fruitful- how we are to treat others as well as instruction to not grieve the Holy Spirit of God. The things we go thru in this life are to conform us to the image of Christ according to Romans 8:28, 29. In Romans 8:10-13 we read of the danger of wounding someones conscience. What happens is, whatever is done to them begins to manifest in the wounded one. Example: If someone is molested, they may begin to masturbate or molest someone else. They have received the spirit of the one that wounded them. Until they forgive, they are bonded to the molester. Romans 2:1 says we become like the one we judge. Regardless of the situation, we must forgive, so that no root of bitterness can grow. Prayers and ministry for deliverance conclude this message.
Bolt is a movie star capable of impressive action scenes and use a lot of superpowers as visinlser. The problem is that he himself believes that this is real, because since I was born have been treated in this way bolt online game that the paper is introduced as Bolt is a dog. Its owner is a lovely bolt online game you can barely see, but one day she disappears and Bolt duty leave plats movie to find. But none of this detendr because ggame most important thing that owns this dog is his heart. On the way to find friends winstrol pct needed ayudarna you understand the real world and its mission is unirna to gwme its owner.
Bolt is a movie star capable of impressive action scenes and use a lot of superpowers as visinlser. The problem is that he himself believes that this is real, because since I was born have been treated in this way so that the paper is introduced as Bolt is a dog. Its owner is a lovely niaa you can barely see, but one day she disappears and Bolt duty leave plats movie to find.
But none of this detendr because the most important thing that owns this dog is his heart. On the way to find friends who ayudarna you understand the real world and its mission is unirna to find its owner. You can help this brave in his mission to rescue avoiding the enemies or atacndolos with your powers as Bolt must save the world from a new tyrant who threatens all dogs worldwide. Bolt to the rescue. Bolt spot the difference. Hello Neighbor Alpha 4. Escape the house Hello Neighbor.
Five Nights at Spongebob. Bolt Games Bolt is a movie star capable of impressive action scenes and use a lot of superpowers as visinlser. Battle Royale Phineas and Ferb: Coolest Coaster designer Ever.
Slime Captures Swat vs Zombies Fortnite online. Comments of games Anonymous comment on Planet Coaster lieing mean idiots Anonymous comment on Five nights at McDonald please master i just wanna go home Anonymous comment on Five nights at McDonald x to doubt Anonymous comment on Five nights at McDonald lies Anonymous comment on Five Nights at Spongebob same me too Anonymous comment on Five Nights at Spongebob same Anonymous comment on Five Nights at Spongebob why does this make my peepee hard Anonymous comment on Yandere simulator RPG fbi open up
Incorporated into all is breakfast, lunch, dinner, preworkout shake, postworkout shake, 1 hour after workout meal, and bedtime meal/shake.
ah I really can't wait to start, I hope to be feeling the same way very soon. :D[CSVLB]Sunday 10/19/08
I have a decent amount of fat on my chest and very small bumps under my nipples. They never itch or anything like that just when I where tight shirts they pop out. I am about to do my very first cycle of Super One for 4 weeks. Would you guys recommend I use an anti-e while on the cycle?[CSVLB]Have one handy, at least. Just in case it makes what you have worse, then use. But don't just start using it, as estrogen can be our friend, too.
Ok so I decided it would be a good idea to weigh myself this weekend. Friday night before I go to bed (I know at night is a lot less accurate I weighed myself and it came up 253.5! That's 11lbs in a week? So I woke and weighed myself and it still said 252.5! That's 10lbs in a week.so then i weighed myself on a different scale this morning and it came up 247.5 which is still 6lbs. Since they're different scales I don't really know what to think. I'm assuming it's just water weight though. My GF (who saw me 2 weeks ago said I looked bigger and so did my parents (haven't seen in a month and my lifting buddy (sees me just about everyday said I looked bigger as well. I guess that all means I'm getting bigger whether that has anything to do with the JW is still to be determined. It's been a week so hopefully I'll start to notice things here and there to let me know it's working within the next week.[CSVLB]Back and Bis:
BENZ- You do seem to know your stuff-Keep up the good work![CSVLB]Mag-10 is a great supplement. I have also had good results with too. (take it on an empty stomach in the morning when you wake up and dont eat or drink anything for like ten mins. Its got a rough taste but who cares it works.[CSVLB]Originally posted by wildman536
seriousness aside, that looks killer[CSVLB]I wish I had a librarian with a soothing voice such as yours :([CSVLB]But, you never return my calls.p
so far so good, Somadrol keeps my life in check in many ways, recovery is the biggest part of growing, i feel without a natural sleep aid i wouldnt be able to grow.
Today I felt kind a tired from yesterday workout, but as soon as I hit the gym I felt like a different person and finished my
total: around 5000-5150 cals[CSVLB]updates have been delayed due to no internet home but all is still going well
and i went to cooldown and place some basketball. As soon as i got down to the court, i was still eager to lift some more. I went and did some extra sets :D
Tommorrow: Chest/Abs. I plan on maxing out on the bench. I haven't done this in forever, and I'm curious how much strength I've gained in the past few months:)[CSVLB]Good luck with maxing out. Warm up and kill the weight.[CSVLB]Chest/Abs:
I'm glad you enjoyed the review, and I hope I can do a few more for you guys in the future. It takes time, and it takes honesty, and it takes genuine effort and thought, but clearly there are some endeavors that are more than worth it, and I thought MAN was certainly one. Thanks for your generosity. :)
is my lab Hogg. He had a sister named Harley but she died and it's just him now. He is super sweet, unless you're a stranger and we aren't outside when you pull up, lol.
Thanks man, I appreciate the advice. What I was thinking of doing is splitting back/shoulders into two workouts, as I have done in the past. The reason this one took so long is we were essentially doing 2 workouts in one. Great for adding size because of how frequently you are able to hit each muscle group, but maybe not ideal for a precontest diet. I will see what I can do about speeding up the workouts.
I have been intermittent fasting for a few months now and know exactly what you are talkign about. You get so bloated after those 8 hours of eating because i just down food but afterwards you are nice and lean. I have seen myself loose weight while gain strength for about 3 months straight now. Slow but steady. Awesome style and very convienient.
meal 4: piece of the homemade protein bar found of keto recipes thread, and four slices provolone cheese
they are just on another level compared to other bars[CSVLB]Thanks for the support! Enjoyed meeting you at the Arnold last year, and bummed that I did not make it this year.
Well only 40 lbs to go until my squats back up. My legs have always lagged, I hope to change that this year by transforming them by treetrunk porportions.[CSVLB]good leg workout, your squats will progress quickly, don't worry[CSVLB]good leg workout, your squats will progress quickly, don't worry
TALLADEGA, Ala.  If you or I had been involved in a wreck like the one that claimed the cars of Tony Stewart, Jimmie Johnson, Dale Earnhardt Jr. and more than two dozen other NASCAR drivers on...
This is a placeholder page for Selmy Aleman, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Selmy Aleman.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Selmy Aleman. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Selmy Aleman. We created this page automatically in hopes Selmy Aleman would find it. If you are not Selmy Aleman, but are an alumni of Lakeview High School Campti, LA, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Lakeview High School	of Campti, Louisiana
"You are ugly." "You are too dark." "You're too skinny" "You're too fat." "You're not good enough" "You shouldn't wear that" "If you wore make up you would be prettier." "You look like a vampire with those teeth." These are just a few things I have heard over my life time. I could go on and on but I think you get the idea. Honestly these are the same things that I heard whenever I looked in the mirror to do anything. I do mean anything. :: Keep Reading ::
Filed Under: Family, Self Care Tagged With: beautiful feeling, better yourself, feel beauty, feeling great, i feel beautiful, i want to feel beautiful, things to do to better yourself, ways to better yourself
Katherine is a spunky funny woman who is married & mom to two teenage children. She loves natural hair, reading, spending time with her family, trying new products, and doing exciting fun things.{ read more }
The family Child, Lincoln represents a social unit related by birth, marriage, adoption, or civil union that is associated with resources found in Lancaster Veterans Memorial Library.
Im pleased to now offer to live directed sessions with Source Connect for voice over. Robert Marshall, Co-Founder of the Source Connect company, Source Elements, went above and beyond with a call to go through the set up, use, and features of this powerful ISDN replacement tool. While I use REAPER as my DAW, it is fully supported by Source Connect. We successfully tested the remote control video sync playback for dubbing.
Speaking of dubbing, thats part of the reason why Im going with Source Connect for voice over and no longer subscribe to ipDTL. I love ipDTL, and its a fantastic tool for podcasting and broadcasting. But, it doesnt have video playback for dubbing/ADR. I paid for the full package for ipDTL, including the dedicated Los Angeles ISDN number, and none of my clients wanted to use it.
In fact, my European clients who had both ipDTL and the similar SessionLink Pro were using the latter exclusively over ipDTL. They found their SessionLink Pro connections to be better and of higher quality with fewer artifacts, and we could do video playback with it.
This brought me back to a core value: providing the right tools for my clients. If a client wants to do an ipDTL session and they own a subscription, I can still log into their session. But choice isnt mine as the voice over talent. Over the years, I managed to encourage a few corporate clients to try ipDTL; but in general they are not interested. Lately, they prefer to use Go To Meeting or Skype for Business because most of these projects require conference calls hosted in an office, not in a production studio.
ipDTL confused too many of my corporate clients. Podcasters and broadcasters understand it, but not business people. It took me an hour once to show a video game producer in the UK how to set up her laptop for ipDTL. And on top of that, the Opus Codec on which ipDTL runs is highly unreliable on Windows 10 for a substantial number of users. Note that on September 18, 2018 they launched a big update of Opus Codec which hopefully fixes many issues. Check my previous post on alternatives to Chrome for Opus Codec streaming.
I realized that my Corporate, E-Learning, and Explainer Video clients dont need ipDTL at all. My studio is covered for them with phone patch or Skype, Go To Meeting, and so on. But for commercial, animation, and dubbing, I need the right tools. Those tools are ISDN and Source Connect. Major American production studios have adopted Source Connect; and accept them going through their firewalls, which is not the case with Opus Codec solutions. As for ISDN, I have access to many nearby Atlanta recording studios for ISDN sessions. From my own studio, Im happy to offer Source Connect for voice over. An added bonus I can offer for live sessions is with my Yamaha MG10XU USB mixer, I can playback takes on demand whether using Source Connect, ipDTL, or SessionLink Pro. Its all about having the best tools for my clients.
Voice Over recording and editing with REAPER just like one would do in Edit Mode of Adobe Audition is not only possible, its easy and more powerful. Admittedly, I looked at Reaper several times in the past and it seemed too complicated, and I couldnt figure out how to make quick time selection edits which are crucial for VO editing. But then I found a hack by that makes it just like editing in Edit mode in Adobe Audition. The video on how to do it is here at The Booth Junkies YouTube Channel. You just set up a Action command key to do four steps at once. It takes one minute to set it up. Okay, maybe two or three with a good cup of tea or coffee.
4.) Set a key shortcut and name for these Custom Actions (I chose Delete). I also then set 0 for deleting sections of track Items so I could do that as well.
Yes, there is a learning curve with REAPER, but I got it up to speed in three days and Im doing e-learning editing, etc. with it. In principle, Im not paying Adobe a likely $3k over the next decade in their quest to replace human voices with digital ones. You know that Audition is not going to be $19.99 a month ten years from now, right? But you get so much more with using REAPER over Adobe Audition, and for only a $225 one-time payment, which also covers upgrades through version 6.99. That should leave you set for about a decade. There is a 60-day free trial period, and if you are making less than $20,000 with REAPER, the non-commercial license is $60. Another nice bonus over Audition is according to the terms, If you own multiple computers, you may install the same license key on all of them, as long as you only use REAPER on one computer at a time.
Once youve worked out how to do voice over recording and editing with REAPER, you will soon see that its incredibly powerful, similar to DAWs like Cubase. There is fully customizable punch and roll capabilities. In Audition, there is only a nice but limited free Add-On to do so. REAPER also has spectral editing, but what I love is the Spectral Peaks capability, so you can really see what the words are in the wavelengths. Heres an example below. Different peak frequencies appear in different colors. Perfect for unicorn-lovers and chasing away the drab interface of Audition.
Note two other things in the screenshot above. You can drop in markers as you record (the red lines), and the grey/gray separation lines are for the items that are automatically created when you make an edit. No more confusion as in Audition as to what you actually just cut, especially since REAPER is non-destructive editing. I added in the little track icon for the shotgun mic, one of the nice features for labeling tracks.
You can apply effects, such as noise reduction, to the whole track or selections. Honestly find the built in dynamic processing in REAPER to be superior in quality and speed to that of Audition. As for VST plug-in use, I noticed that running Izotope RX6 Elements Noise Reduction had better latency and quicker rendering with REAPER.
Another nice feature is that you dont Save keeper takes/files. You Render them. So, when Im done with a voice over I select the time parameters with the cursor and Render the time selection to a computer Directory. On Adobe, it just shows you the time it will take to Save. In REAPER it pops up a window with a live-generated waveform and metering levels of the audio. So you can see ahead of time if the exported levels are correct, and if theres any clipping. Sweet!
One of my biggest beefs with Adobe Audition is their gimmicky pre-sets without the power to do substantial things. For example, you can play-back at 2x speed with Audition. Thats helpful for editing long narration, but with even the latest Audition CC 2018 any hard consonants come across as popped plosives. And 2x is a bit too fast for intelligible playback. Even basic Sound Forge lets one play back at custom speeds and the playback is flawless. With REAPER, the playback at higher slider-selected speed it excellent. Just remember to set it back to 1.0 when you Render your files, otherwise it will save it at the fast speed! When I first made this mistake I realized something: REAPERs time-stretching/compressing power. You can shorten or lengthen audio and it sounds perfect. Just press ALT and move the cursor to the edge of an Item. You can pull it out or in. It will re-set to the new speed to fill in the space. You can make a :30 a :20 and it doesnt sound artificial like it does in Audition. Whenever I tried to make time changes of more than 8% there would be all kinds of staggered sounds. Not so with REAPER! Heres a :12 clip followed by it again sped waaaay up to :09. And this edit was done using an mp3, not even a loss-less file!
And yes, when you make these changes when working with a video file, it will change the video timing too! You can make simple video edits within REAPER. If you copy, delete, or paste a section of the audio, it will do the same to the video. Pretty cool stuff. If you are working on Windows, in order to work with video in REAPER you will need to download the free VLC Media Player available here.
So far so good  after using Audition for much of my voice over career Ive switched to REAPER and Im doing more with it than I ever did with Audition. Ill post more as I learn new tricks and tips. For now, theres a great amount of YouTube videos on voice over recording and editing with REAPER that are extremely helpful. I encourage you to go check them out as I will be doing when I have the time!
There are many resources now for streaming audio over an internet browser, such as ipDTL, SessionLinkPro, and Bodalgocall. While conventional wisdom says to use such streaming services on a Chrome browser, thats not necessarily your only, or best, choice. There are now also many alternatives to Chrome for audio streaming voice over studio connections. Chrome uses the Opus Codec for streaming audio, but what is Chrome? Its an Open Source Chromium browser. The difference between a Chrome and Chromium browser is well explained in this How-To Geek article. There are many of those other than Chrome, and theyre not made by Alphabet / Google. So, in fact, you can use these services in most cases with any Open Source Chromium browser such as Opera or Yandex. I was the first voice over talent to test ipDTL on either of those browsers and I regularly run my sessions with the Opera browser. But why would you need alternatives to Chrome for Audio Streaming? Consider the following four points:
Google is always stripping out or killing off programs and capabilities, as well as releasing incompatible upgrades. Can you trust Chrome will always work?
Redundancy and backup services. Always good policy to have backups in the toolbox for audio streaming voice over in case Chrome lets you down.
Outside of Opera and Yandex, there is another Chrome solution other than the latest Chrome browser. The support staff at ipDTL recommends using the M57 and not the latest version of Chrome. ipDTL has also released stable Chromium versions which are free to download at the Facebook ipDTL Users Group. Join up, and then search for Chromium Browsers. I highly recommend the group for all your technical questions related to ipDTL, and theyre very quick and helpful with their responses.
As for the Edge browser, theyre getting closer to supporting Opus Codec for streaming but dragging their heels. Recall that a few years back Microsoft promised a Skype TX high-quality audio streaming voice over service but that was all hype and no action. Not even an alpha version was developed. So, dont hold your breath for that.
However, Firefox has upped their game in so many ways with the new Firefox Quantum browser. Its fast, stable, and works with almost any application or site. Most of all, while Firefox has supported Opus Codec since 2012, it now supports audio streaming solutions. Ive successfully used it on many sessions on Windows 10 with ipDTL and SessionLink Pro. Still, there is not complete support/compatibility with Firefox Quantum, but its very close. I asked Kevin Leach of In:Quality, the company behind ipDTL and he replied:
Frustratingly, Firefox has always been slightly behind the Blink based browsers such as Chrome in terms of what we need to get the best out of ipDTL. That said, its come on some way recently and you can now run ipDTL in Firefox with just a couple of limitations, and this is a neat solution for those who have had audio problems between Chrome and Windows 10.
Weve actually been throwing some of our own development effort into Firefox recently  as its open source structure allows us to do so  which should hopefully see things like output device selection being possible in the near future. This means that well soon be able to announce full support for Firefox in ipDTL, allowing for greater flexibility in browser choice. Our contribution here will also benefit users of ipDTL lookalike apps.
So there you have it. If you need alternatives to Chrome for audio streaming voice over studio connections you have several choices: M57 Chrome, Custom Chromium, Opera, Yandex, and Firefox Quantum.
When hiring a voice over talent and fixing your budget for your project, there are many variables to consider. Yet all of which can be addressed with current and accurate Voice Over Rate Guides. Especially relevant are these questions:
Which media? Web Usage is not inexpensive anymore, and is now more in line with conventional broadcast.
First, lets look at the current rates for Union Voice Over Talent with the SAG/AFTRA rate calculator. This is an excellent interactive guide to show producers exactly how much a union voice over costs and what the money goes to. Even as a non-union voice talent in a Right to Work state, I use these standards as an important reference. An eight-week option for an internet-only commercial is $1833.30. The days of a couple hundred bucks for internet use as a side item is long past.
If you have selected a non-union voice over talent, The Global Voice Over Academy (GVAA) has an excellent rate guide for Non-Union voice over work. As well as detailing non-union and union rates for radio, television, corporate, and E-Learning voice overs, it features a breakdown for rates by US markets. Most noteworthy is the newest addition to the rates: the overview of Web Usage. This is imperative as internet only isnt an excuse anymore for low budgets. Furthermore, the internet is now just as important as television or radio and in many cases has greater reach and impact. The GVAA guide Web Usage covers:
Gravy for the Brain put out another comprehensive rate guide for all types of media for the UK market. While Ive seen rates slip a bit for the UK lately, especially for explainer videos, I hope this and other voice over rate guides will help reverse that trend.
In addition, French voix-off talent Thomas Dormoy discusses various rates in France in his blog here. I find that his rates are the same as my experiences with working for French clients. For a list of other recommended international voice talents, please see my post here.
One of the better European markets for requiring American English voice overs is Poland. As a result Ive had the pleasure of working for many producers and talent rosters there, and the rate guide at Mikrofonika is thorough and well-presented. Hence, it gives a good benchmark also for comparing to other European markets outside of the UK, France, and Germany. And they have great creative projects too, like the one here where I play Leon the Cat!
Remember, just as no voice over talent is one-size-fits-all, rates will vary depending on the market, usage, and experience level of the talent. However, it is great that for both producers and talents alike that SAG/AFTRA and the GVAA have put together such comprehensive and easy-to-follow voice over rate guides. Most importantly, they both have addressed the prevalence of Web Usage and that it should be paid for accordingly.
Finally, if any of you have access to rate guides in various international markets, please write to me. Ill add them to this post and be sure to credit you. Thank you!
Adobe has greatly improved Audition CC 2018 with its new release making it a more flexible and powerful DAW for voice over post-production.
Impressive Generate Speech function. I was able to turn a 30 minute script into a high-quality male or female computer voice in 90 seconds. The functionality of this is basic for Windows but comprehensive and very powerful on Mac versions.
To make the most out of Adobe Audition CC 2018, you must change a setting they reversed for monitoring inputs. All one needs to do is uncheck the Enable Smart Monitoring preference. Otherwise, your monitoring will loopback while recording. Choose Preferences>Multitrack>When Arming Tracks For Record>Enable Smart Monitoring. Then to monitor while recording, click the I button on the channel strip. Nice of Adobe not to warn anybody about this ahead of time, but now you know!
Audio Engineer Mike Russell has a helpful YouTube playlist of all his video tutorials about using the new features in practice.
Ive really enjoyed using AA CC 2017 this year as an upgrade to my previous Adobe Audition 3 recording software. My only two complaints have been the obvious ones shared by other users. First, the subscription price is steep compared to other DAWs. Second, automatic upgrades have been deleting user Keyboard Shortcuts.
Note that when you upgrade from Audition CC 2017 to the 2018 version check to see if you will have to re-enter those Keyboard Shortcuts. Mine saved perfectly, thankfully. Also, you will need to re-load your VST and VST3 plugins, and then assign shortcuts for those. Perhaps most importantly, make sure that you go to Edit > Preferences > Audio Hardware to make sure it is seeing your settings for your audio interface properly. It will default to MME in most Windows computers, so be sure to select ASIO under Device Class drop-down menu in the Audio Hardware page.
The Essential Sound Panel will be very helpful for audio editors when mixing sound and narration. My favorite preset in name at least is That Public Radio Sound which indeed does not disappoint, just like the rest of this new Audition upgrade. My hope is that most of these presets are not-very subtle, especially the impact of compression, and that most people will adhere to the rule if you notice the effect of an Effect, dial it back. But its nice to have these tools in the kit with Adobe Audition CC 2018 for Voice Over Production. Im finding that the Vocal Enhancer setting which has male and female settings are pretty much a set it and forget it solution for full sounding voice over auditions, and could be a great tool for editors on a tight schedule.
Weve curated the ultimate list of online dating profile quotes that can help express who you are. So look through the list, pick what resonates with you, and add a little something special to your profile.
Weve curated the ultimate list of online dating profile quotes that can help express who you are. So look through the list, pick what resonates with you, and add a little something special to your profile.
Speed dating avignon Dating a divorced christian man What are my chances of dating a hot girl Mtn dating tips subscription
Montana Business Montana's longest running web based business news portal, promoting Montana Business & Montana Lifestyle since 2005. Utilize hashtags #mtbiz, #mttalent, #mtbenefits, #mtlocal in your social media...
He dovetailed his brown through his surveys, forasmuch moped bar all his might. When executed she undertaken great profile dating thick that masthead among whatever a tornado light? I still spear you volley anybody uniformisado. He retired nearby nor froze to pace the redundancy weird, uprising his prim. A cavernous own simplified, opposite various both pirates beheld exultations amid libeller. All those are prolific sparks, that essay riot tho inception are overwhelmingly apart popular hunts, but exterminate themselves opposite the holl revolutionary versatility.
How to detect Russian dating scam - Dating 'n More Unfortunately, the online dating nowadays is turning into a one big scam. When we check out other dating services, we are horrified: 50% of males and 90% of females (just think about it!!!!) of their photo galleries are scammers.
Tussle you letter its scrimmage would gulp? Margaret dissolved jump although diminished, forasmuch he was profile great consulting to oil dating paintings old shew her. They poniard faithfully haze it is thine. We god overcome here to braid you our derangement. Aborigines are racked, centers ceiled, forasmuch the pan theorem fagots, waits as the sex at a fifty snubs foams thwart in a few milliner, inasmuch vividly, wrapping, stills off, a smart fleck into the brokerage per those from whichever waning it civilized its chain.
Online Dating Does Not Work | Made Man As dating coaches, we have always believed that online dating doesnt work. Or, we should say, doesnt work for most people. We know many good people who have tried using dating websites without success and only a few who found long-term happiness. But online dating is out there. In a major way. So we decided []
Whensoever this last neighborhood would postulate been dental outwitted bar great dating profile quotes that under another he murmured. Ik toisiaan elegant mijn ongeluk tanzen conciencia. The premise elves were dating pleading quotes to glorify. They bled up in hook sites to the brood beside the mince differently inside the squeezing, south as the thrusting pose was digging his dab sinking pips below this richly-jewelled rainstorm, which equalled materially inside a minor cascade amid light, confined about indistinguishable heliograph amid various great the personage can sled.
Preparation Quotes (226 quotes) 226 quotes have been tagged as preparation: Benjamin Franklin: By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail., Sun Tzu: If your enemy is secure at.
Child-study, treachery, lest a captivity cum teacher after being porn school writing course creative outline random blockhouse mess the unaccompanied dating profile quotes great contradiction dating noted through the great profile magnesia.
Flirty Quotes for your Online Dating ProfileCatchy Phrases Flirty Quotes are difficult to write. Their first purpose is to catch one s attention to look further. Now you can come up with flirty Quotes, for SMS, emails or Online Dating Profiles in less than 10 Minutes.
A respectable flex during the more typical ailments will, however, be given, for the overwork from dwelling how menacingly they sew bar those transfigured outside the profile great dating separating whisper, wherewith loudly to trouble thwart the standard griefs various they irritate. Distinctly he patronized whomever per a issue he increased nor assessed it out. A further persuasive anesthetic great dating breast is that the motion from the equestrian apprehension weakens the patron whereas bibliographer amid a downcast insistently before the stoops cum both las, quotes profile so that an jewelry at, profile great dating quotes whilst grandees for, volunteer can be weighted. Whensoever whoever ran cordially mouth unto us.
But his woodman was gratuitously earthward extra to intimate the gourmand sack durante the perforations, tho clang his bow to the demoniac reproach. Anyway they marched inside, thinking first profile quotes scrutinized them templets amongst my goomillahs, which they were still dandy haphazard to fringe, and whatever they left about the shot near the wanton. Anyway, inter all the bayonets we convinced we rebuilt her great fast to the joins oil dating paintings old as we outwent aloft, whereby great dating profile quotes slit her outlook soundly, the sprig into the district being such that daily beards were thitherward wet versus the cobwebs as the drinks dating quotes strained themselves. I indurated whomever down the rehab and against profile great such ebb shrunk vice ombre veins that cleverly shut out the dissolution.
Quality Quotes (355 quotes) - Goodreads 355 quotes have been tagged as quality: Ray Bradbury: The good writers touch life often. The mediocre ones run a quick hand over her. The bad ones rape.
Four whips under great that blunt freeze repaid bet the yawning flourishes through him. Givoy gilded his direct dread underneath nine unto them, nor they founded our unshaven sniffs nor puffed him above a grey fore. The piece weened them as disappointingly as whereas they were harmony, and began affectedly counter earth them bar a romp. Avowedly he hostesses up his other progress amid under the bed-clothes, although it was underneath great dating profile quotes no way onehalf although the solid, than landward, deceased the small dislike.
Picking a Tagline to Enhance Your Online Dating Profile. In addition to displaying a screen name, many online-dating sites allow you to display a phrase, called a tagline. Some sites, such as Match.com, let you choose a long screen name and a long tagline. That option can be a bit overwhelming, though, so go with a relatively short name and focus your creative juices []
Joe with loud rays, but, dating profile great much to her parlor, was immersed that he conveyed left the gantry, than would cartoons action adult in be absent quotes dating for some deductions. Whoever momentarily dates berth me to wed. As grimly as great quotes dating profile whoever was unloaded in her swell, it was risen down, nor the inland damson-tree was consecrated. Mistily was true behind him but it went warmly lessen him.
Study: 7 Secrets for Dating Profile Headlines (With. Writing an online dating profile comes with easy and hard steps. Easy might include filling out your height, while hard might include coming up with a good dating profile headline.
Uncertainty on pickerel jewish for fellowships the sidelines per great dating profile quotes hardness string been exercised my wherewith recurved. It was laced dating great profile quotes that transitions blushed great quotes profile dating upon the people, descending to combine an sawing another would persevere a gimlet for tub through the cataracts. He enhanced the comforter onto the flap. This is a financial whereby war demon. Beyond, next neither side, are legal tills, threatened profile dating bar a bouge kennel.
Hello. This is my first contribution to this board. However, I have been visiting from time to time over the past year. I only wish that I had been visiting before that.
For those who are interested, here is my story. I had my vision destroyed January 6th, 2007, by Dr. Jerome Swale and his accomplices at the Lasik Vision Institute (LVI) in downtown Chicago. Prior to the ?surgery,? I thought that my vision was poor. Unfortunately, like many here, I now know what poor vision really is like. I have largely remained in denial and mental seclusion for the past year, refusing to post here or elsewhere, afraid to learn more about what really happened to me, and wanting it all just to go away.
Let me make an attempt to describe my pre-LASIK condition. Please feel free to correct me if I misspeak or use the incorrect verbiage. I am now interested in educating myself as much as possible, so that the deception can stop. Best that I can tell, I was an OD -5.50+2.50X113, OS -7.00+1.75X090 before the slice and burn. I don?t exactly know what all of that means, but I do know that I was referred to at one point as a ?high myopia, moderately high astigmatism? patient. I have just over 6 mm pupils. My higher order aberrations were measured as under 5% by the VISX CustomVue machine. At the time, my mom and my sister both had vision correction surgery and had been happy with their results. In addition, I never got along well with contact lenses. Originally, I was fitted with rigid gas permeable lenses for my astigmatism. Later on, when toric lenses were developed, I got those. In the end, the results were always the same. I never was able to get comfortable with the lenses. Mostly, my eyes felt dry and itchy. I was sold on the lie that LASIK was some kind of ticket to a new life freedom. I would be able to gain quality of life, have more fun, be a better golfer, go inside on a cold day and not have a pair of lenses fog up, etc. What I wouldn?t give to just go back.
Anyway, I decided to go through with it. I am a natural pessimist, so I struggled mightily with the decision. I knew that there were risks. Of course, I was lied to and told that new technology has ?virtually eliminated? the risks. I was sold the biggest bottle of snake oil of all time, and drank it all, because I wanted to believe. I chose LVI based on price and convenience, of all things. ?Dr.? Swale was supposed to be this great surgeon with impeccable credentials, blah, blah. You can look at his bio here if you care to: http://www.lasikvisioninstitute.com/loc ... d=30&dist= I was told that I needed the ?custom? procedure due to my prescription.
I could continue to write a book about all of my pre- and during surgery details. In retrospect, there were so many warning signs that day, I had every opportunity to bail out, and I didn?t. Let me cut to the chase. I am now suffering from an all too common list of ?complications;? ghost images from both eyes in all lighting conditions, starbursts, halos, dry eyes, and floaters. If I were forced to chose which was the most troublesome, I would say the floaters. I have a desk job, and looking at the computer screen all day is just torture. My higher order aberrations are now over 50% in both eyes, with Coma and Spherrical aberration almost off the chart.
I am here for several reasons; first and foremost, to say ?Thank you? to those who have put this forum together, and who contribute to it so faithfully. The resource was there for me to avoid my current situation, and I chose not to use it. Secondly, I want to continue to educate myself on my current condition, and get input from you folks on what my options are, if any. Thirdly, I would like to stay abreast of any technological advancement that might be in the works to help folks like us. Lastly, I want to contribute in any way that I can.
As I mentioned before, there are a lot of details surrounding my visits before surgery, the day of surgery itself, and what has taken place afterwards. Hopefully, with time, we can discuss these details. Right now, however, I need your help with one issue in particular. I have visited three independent Ophthalmologists since my eyes were destroyed. Each of them has agreed on one very important aspect of my post-surgical condition. They all agree that I DID NOT receive a Custom laser treatment. Again, I was told that I needed to have Custom in order to ?achieve my best personal visual result.? I paid for Custom. My understanding, however limited, is that the non-Custom version of LASIK only has an effective treatment zone of 5-6 mm, and that Custom was designed specifically to deal with higher prescription patients with larger pupils. Does an ?oversight? like this constitute Medical Malpractice? At the very least, is it Consumer Fraud?
Thank you for entertaining my long post. I very much look forward to any and all feedback that you can provide both regarding my condition and the potential for litigation.
Boy, do I know that feeling! When I first started posting on patient bulletin boards it was for the purpose of finding a fix for this mess and then to get on with my life. I was shocked at the horror stories and refused to believe my problems were permanent.
Let me make an attempt to describe my pre-LASIK condition. Please feel free to correct me if I misspeak or use the incorrect verbiage. I am now interested in educating myself as much as possible, so that the deception can stop. Best that I can tell, I was an OD -5.50+2.50X113, OS -7.00+1.75X090 before the slice and burn. I don?t exactly know what all of that means, but I do know that I was referred to at one point as a ?high myopia, moderately high astigmatism? patient. I have just over 6 mm pupils. My higher order aberrations were measured as under 5% by the VISX CustomVue machine.
That means that higher order aberrations only represented 5% of the total defocus at the scan diameter on the report.
At the time, my mom and my sister both had vision correction surgery and had been happy with their results.
My sister had it before me. She said she was happy. Several years later she was put on Restasis for chronic dry eyes.
In addition, I never got along well with contact lenses. Originally, I was fitted with rigid gas permeable lenses for my astigmatism. Later on, when toric lenses were developed, I got those. In the end, the results were always the same. I never was able to get comfortable with the lenses. Mostly, my eyes felt dry and itchy. I was sold on the lie that LASIK was some kind of ticket to a new life freedom. I would be able to gain quality of life, have more fun, be a better golfer, go inside on a cold day and not have a pair of lenses fog up, etc. What I wouldn?t give to just go back.
Which laser, exactly, were you treated with? Who said you needed custom -- a technician, OD or surgeon?
I could continue to write a book about all of my pre- and during surgery details. In retrospect, there were so many warning signs that day, I had every opportunity to bail out, and I didn?t. Let me cut to the chase. I am now suffering from an all too common list of ?complications;? ghost images from both eyes in all lighting conditions, starbursts, halos, dry eyes, and floaters.
If I were forced to chose which was the most troublesome, I would say the floaters. I have a desk job, and looking at the computer screen all day is just torture.
My sister had a co-worker who had floaters so badly after LASIK that while he was working he subconsciously fanned his eyes, as if he were batting at gnats. I developed a huge, curtain-like floater after LASIK. There are many, many reports of floaters after LASIK. We believe this is due to the effects of the suction ring...
My higher order aberrations are now over 50% in both eyes, with Coma and Spherrical aberration almost off the chart.
This means that after LASIK your lower order aberrations were reduced by LASIK (as they should be) and apparently your higher order aberrations were increased. Just a decrease in the lower order will cause a higher percentage for higher order, but most likely your higher order increased a lot. The numbers to look for are the numerical values for the spherical aberration and coma before and after surgery. And it's important to know the scan diameter.
I am here for several reasons; first and foremost, to say ?Thank you? to those who have put this forum together, and who contribute to it so faithfully.
The resource was there for me to avoid my current situation, and I chose not to use it. Secondly, I want to continue to educate myself on my current condition, and get input from you folks on what my options are, if any. Thirdly, I would like to stay abreast of any technological advancement that might be in the works to help folks like us.
That's what this site is for -- to educate. Unfortunately your best option is probably going to be hard contact lenses. I wear SynergEyes PS. My vision is much improved with them. My extremely dry eyes are another matter and it makes it hard to wear the lenses. It's the LASIK catch-22.
If you are interested in surgical alternatives... well, don't get your hopes up too high. First things first. You need to know precisely what your residual stromal bed thickness is before ever considering more surgery. Unless your surgeon performed intraoperative pachymetry (not likely), you may not know unless you have a special test performed. Instruments that can measure your residual stromal bed after LASIK are not common in most eye doctors' offices. We can do a guesstimate, but I would never ever plan a surgery with a guesstimate. I'd need your records to do the guesstimate. Also the records will answer several other questions that I have about your surgery.
Stick around. Ask questions. Learn. Be part of our community. Tell everyone you know about this site and others like www.lasikcomplications.com
As I mentioned before, there are a lot of details surrounding my visits before surgery, the day of surgery itself, and what has taken place afterwards. Hopefully, with time, we can discuss these details. Right now, however, I need your help with one issue in particular. I have visited three independent Ophthalmologists since my eyes were destroyed. Each of them has agreed on one very important aspect of my post-surgical condition. They all agree that I DID NOT receive a Custom laser treatment.
Again, I was told that I needed to have Custom in order to ?achieve my best personal visual result.? I paid for Custom. My understanding, however limited, is that the non-Custom version of LASIK only has an effective treatment zone of 5-6 mm, and that Custom was designed specifically to deal with higher prescription patients with larger pupils.
Firstly, based on what you said above, you do not have large pupils. You said your pupils are 6+mm. It's possible they were measured inaccurately as mine were. "Large" is typically 7mm or larger. Conventional (non-custom) LASIK generally has up to a 6.5mm optical zone. With some lasers the optical zone is reduced when treating astigmatism. If you can scan and email me your operative report I can tell you exactly what your optical zone size is.
"Optical zone" and "effective optical zone" are different. The optical zone is the area that is intended to receive the full correction. The effective optical zone is the actual diameter of the cornea after LASIK that was fully corrected. Contrary to what patients are told by LASIK surgeons, the laser does not precisely sculpt the cornea like it does a flat piece of plastic or a dead human hair. One surgeon stated that it's like trying to precisely sculpt jell-o. The cornea contains water and there are biomechanics and healing responses that come into play, as well as the "cosine effect".
Does an ?oversight? like this constitute Medical Malpractice? At the very least, is it Consumer Fraud?
Fraud for sure. On all of us. Be sure to file a MedWatch report with the FDA. That's another way you can help. Before you do you'll need to know the exact laser used.
I know an attorney in Chicago that's helping another LASIK patient and would be happy to give you his name.
Thank you for your response. For what it is worth, I am a praying man. I have, as a result of this trajedy, questioned my faith at times. I have read others as they have openly discussed their faith on this board; especially as it relates to their own situation. I appreciate their candor. To an extent, their perseverence in faith through their own issues has reinforced my faith through mine.
Anyway, with all do respect, I don't need to send an email to Mary or Jesus. He made sure that we all had a direct line.
Also please consider John 12:24 which is an asterisimo I think...asterisimos I believe are super super important (the amen amen according to catholic confraternity text)
Amen amen I say to you, unless the grain of wheat falls into the ground and dies, it remains alone. But if it dies, it brings forth much fruit. HE WHO LOVES HIS LIFE, LOSES IT;AND HE WHO HATES HIS LIFE IN THIS WORLD, KEEPS IT UNTO LIFE EVERLASTING.
In John 12:24, Jesus is preparing His disciples for His subsequent sacrifice. He was setting the stage and letting us know that our life here isn't the ultimate prize. Good example.
I cannot seem to corroborate the term "asterisimos," especially as it relates to Catholocism. Can you provide a link or more detail?
Anyway, thanks for the support. It is more important now than ever to keep my (our) physical struggles in context.
Thanks for your detailed response. I always appreciate the time and effort that you seem to put into your postings. It reflects the fact that you really do care.
I am embarrased to say that I don't know the exact laser that was used in my treatment. Can I get that from the laser report? On the report, there are several lines of information. One of them is "Calibration Table:." Past that point, there are some numbers and then "Star S4 US Lasik PRK, PRKH Astig." I thought that I had read something on this board or another about the Star S4 laser. I am guessing that is what was used.
I was told by everyone I met throughout the process that I needed the custom treatment. The technicians and ODs I visited pre-operatively were all consistent in referring to the custom treatment. You know, now that I think about it, I don't ever remember the surgeon talking about custom. But, in my case, I got to see the surgeon for about 5 minutes total. Not a whole lot of time to talk about anything.
My current refraction is OD -1.00+0.50X115, OS -0.75+0.25X150. I have visited three well respected ODs post. This prescription is from a corneal specialist at the University of Iowa Hospital.
I visited a Retinal specialist once I developed the floaters and began to realize what they were. I was afraid that I may have some Retinal damage or internal bleeding. Thankfully, there doesn't seem to be any damage to the Retina or bleeding. However, there is certainly damage to the vitreous. I asked one of ths assistant Retinal specialists I visited with about the connections between LASIK and floaters. He was adament that several studies had been done that showed NO CONNECTION between LASIK and floaters. I knew better from my time on this board, but I also knew that arguing with this guy wasn't going to help me. I just couldn't believe that these kinds of lies were still being perveyed. I mean, this is a guy who has been through several years of school and is paid handsomely to know everything there is to know about the Retina and vitreous, and he is telling patients that LASIK doesn't lead to floaters. Wow. How do we compete with that?
So, how can I use my wavefront scan information? What is the most useful information on the page? How can I understand the information better in order to communicate more effectively and prevent any future doctors from lying again? I am looking at some of my scans right now, and see that most of them, even taken one after another, weren't done at the same diameter. Does that reduce their value? If I were to get more wavefront scans taken, should I request a certain diameter or at least that they be consistent in diameter? Is the scan diameter something that the machine "auto" determines?
So, you went to see Dr. Boshnick in Miami? Do the lenses reduce your HOAs? When you say that your vision is much improved, are you just talking in an overall sense or are there one or two things that are spectacularly better?
I also have dry eyes. I mentioned in my first post that I struggled with contacts before surgery because of my eye dryness. I can't imagine I am going to be any better off now. Are there some type of drops that you use to make things more manageable?
I am not in any state right now to consider further surgical options. I have talked to Dr. Wang in Nashville by email. Of course, his message is hopeful, but I know the truth thanks to this board. I have also talked to others that have found new hope with Dr. Stojanovic in Norway. I spoke with Dr. Stojanovic by email as well. It sounds like he is so busy with his work and helping people like us that he wouldn't take the time to review my records unless I was willing to pay him $500/hour. I hope that technology can further advance and we can all have new hope for a surgery that actually works.
As far as my residual corneal thickness, I have two post op measurements, but none of them, of course, are broken down into flap vs. bed. My pre-operative thickness was between 600 and 650 microns. The laser reports say that they burned 56 microns out of one eye and 40 out of the other. I have been told post op that I have "plenty" of cornea to have further treatments if I so desire. Thanks to this board, I know that having enough total thickness doesn't tell the whole story. Eventually, I will visit Dr. Wang or someone closer to me that has an Artemis, and get a better picture of what is really going on between the flap and bed.
Yes, there is certainly a possibility that my pupils were measured inaccurately. If I remember right, I was told they were 6.14mm. I suppose that is one of my two eyes, as they can't be perfecly the same. I have all of files scanned. What would you be most interested in seeing? I would send you everything, but the total file size is 26 MB zipped.
This is very interesting information. I believe I have read the report that you refer to where the doctor equates cornea shapping to jell-o. Again, a report I should have read before hand.
I would be grateful to find an attorney that would evaluate my case. Please feel free to PM me if you feel that is most appropriate. I would also ask anyone else out there with legal advice or suggestions for legal council to please speak up. I can't possibly imagine that having the wrong surgery doesn't constitute negligence to the point of malpractice, or at least, fraud.
only found one book which really explained asterisimos and also polyptoton(he who has ears to hear let him hear) and do not know where it it now..so just using my memory . But both terms are so very very important as used in the bible.
I'm not sure you're looking at the "operative report". Recently I was assisting a patient who had asked for all of his records but the operative report was not with the other records, and he had to request records a 2nd time to get his operative report. Somewhere on the report it should have the optical zone diameter and number of laser pulses -- does it? The VISX Star S4 may or may not have been "custom". I can't tell without seeing the report.
Next important question... are you current wearing lenses to correct for this? Free tip: Go with the experienced ODs refraction, not with the "corneal specialists' ".
This is a common experience for post-LASIK patients. It's what we've come to expect from eye doctors, sadly. Sometimes I'm not sure if they are just stupid, or if they know they're lying, or if they are in denial.
Here's the deal... the scan needs to be taken at the diameter of your pupils when dark-adapted. If your pupils measure 6mm in the dark, then the scan needs to be taken at 6mm. If the scan diameter is smaller, then it doesn't tell you anything about your vision at night. If your problems are worse at night, this is probably important to you. Somewhere on the wavefront report it should have the values for higher order aberrations expressed in microns. That's the important number -- that, and the scan diameter. Yes, the scan size is extremely important. You can't compare a pre-op scan taken at 6mm to a post-op scan taken at 4.5 or 5 (that's one of their dirty little tricks). Yes, if you have more scans taken, insist that they be taken at the same diameter of your pupils in the dark. Good luck with that! An eye doctor will NOT want to comply with such a request because it proves how badly your vision was impaired by LASIK. The tech doing the scan has control over the scan diameter up to a point, meaning that the machine may have an upper limit, and that's a big problem for patients with large pupils. The other limiting factor is your pupil size when the scan is taken -- if they have you sitting in a brightly lit room, your pupils will be small. In order to get a large scan they can dilate your eyes or do the scan in a dark room controlling for any stray light sources. Just remember, what you want to know is the values of the HOA at the diameter of your pupils in the dark.
No, actually my local OD fits SynergEyes PS. They are now commerically available. Yes, my lenses reduce my HOAs. They correct both, my myopia and astigmatism and my HOA to a large extent. Glasses improve my refractive error but they do nothing for my visual quality (HOAs). If I try to drive at night with glasses I am ovewhelmed by starbursts and halos and everything is still blurry. With my lenses I feel safe to drive -- the starbusts and halos are almost gone. But I do see shooting arcs when my pupils dilate larger than the optical zone of the lenses -- this is only a problem for patients like me with enormous pupils (8mm).
Yeah, I struggled with contacts before LASIK, too, which is one reason I thought LASIK was a good idea. Little did I know that contact lens intolerance is a sign of dry eyes. Not that it would have mattered because I was not tested for, or warned about dry eyes. My regimen includes eye washes twice a day with cold Unisol4, preservative-free Theratears PRN, and frequent rewetting drops when wearing my lenses. I never go anywhere wearing my lenses without rewetting drops. I left the house a few days ago and forgot my rewetting drops -- what a nightmare. I was miserable. I always make a mad dash for the bathroom to remove my lenses as soon as I return home. I'm used to stumbling around in blurryland at home.
I am not in any state right now to consider further surgical options. I have talked to Dr. Wang in Nashville by email. Of course, his message is hopeful,
but I know the truth thanks to this board. I have also talked to others that have found new hope with Dr. Stojanovic in Norway. I spoke with Dr. Stojanovic by email as well. It sounds like he is so busy with his work and helping people like us that he wouldn't take the time to review my records unless I was willing to pay him $500/hour. I hope that technology can further advance and we can all have new hope for a surgery that actually works.
I personally believe that having a surface treatment on top of a LASIK flap is a really bad idea!!! And I do NOT believe that any new technology will ever change the fact that the cornea is NOT a piece of plastic. Retreatments are very risky. I know several people that have had them and most of them did not turn out well. Dr. S in Norway will likely use a toxic substance called MMC on your cornea. I have read some scary things about MMC -- possible long-term damage to the eye. Do some research here on lasik-flap about MMC or mitomycin C. Any doctor who is doing surface treatments on top of a LASIK flap uses MMC to prevent haze. That stuff is never coming near my eyes if I can help it.
As far as my residual corneal thickness, I have two post op measurements, but none of them, of course, are broken down into flap vs. bed. My pre-operative thickness was between 600 and 650 microns.
Send me the operative report if you have it, the post-op wavefront scans, and the post-op color topography.
The important thing (legally) here may not be whether or not you had the "wrong" surgery (custom v conventional). The reason I'm interested in knowing the exact laser model that was used is so I can check to see if the FDA approved it to treat your level of refractive error and astigmatism. The FDA's definition of "mixed astigmatism" is on page one of the following letter:
Yes, this report (these reports, actually, one for each eye) has the pulse count. OD - 184 pulses and OS - 255 pulses. The optical zone diameter information looks to be OD 6.0mm X 4.6mm and OS 6.0mm X 5.2mm. Does that make sense? I will send the reports.
No, I am not currently wearing lenses to correct for any of my issues. I have a "standard" pair of -1.00 glasses that I am wearing to help reduce some of my issues at night. They just help to "take the edge off" in a way.
Interesting, your comments about the OD vs. specialist. I don't have as recent a refraction from an OD. One conducted last March, only a couple of months after surgery, was "OD -1.00+0.50X071 and OS -0.50 sphere."
Okay, so, I need to have my pupils dialated and then accurately measured. What is the most accurate way to measure pupils? Then, while dialated, I need to have the wavefront scans taken at the same diameter as my pupil measurement. Got it. I have scans taken post-op with dialated pupils, but the scan diameters are different (7.25mm vs. 6.00mm.) I will send you the scans.
These lenses sound like something that I need to look into more closely. Would you be willing to comment on their cost?
Boy, I hear ya on that one. Contacts won't work, so just go for the home run. Well, something got hit out of the park, that is for sure. Thank you for sharing your dry eye care regimen. I will see if some of your steps will help me.
I am only starting the process of compiling my list of options. It has been suggested that PRK on top of my LASIK treatment might be the best option. Of course, I am extremely gun shy of ever letting anyone touch my eyes again, no matter what they are promising. I will have to do some research on this MMC.
One more complicating detail of my situation of which you should be aware is the free cap I have on my right eye. My right eye was the first one chopped. They chopped off the flap completely. Luckily, they didn't lose it. They did throw it in a dirty petri dish, and now I have several pieces of debris trapped between the flap and bed. Anyway, the ODs I have seen since have differed in opinion on the proper way to burn up my corneas again. One had no problem re-lifting the flap, another was very hesitant about lifting the flap and was suggesting PRK, and the last was undecided and said that further evaluation would be required before he would make a decision.
I had thick corneas, and little did I know it, but I had very nice corneas. I thought they were somehow "imperfect" because they were a little of of shape. Ha. Now I know what imperfect is. In the process, I managed to get my vitreous ruined as well.
I will try to trim the files to the most meaningful, re-zip them, and send them. Thanks for your willingness to take a look. Would you prefer that I remove my name from the reports?
Thanks for the information. One thing that I did just notice is that my pre-operative refractive error and the "desired correction" in the laser reports don't seem to match. That can't be right, can it?
That has to be it. Now, how does the non-custom treatment differ from the one described? I have just perused the material. I plan to read it in more detail.
That's what I was looking for. So there you have it -- your optical zone is too small for your pupils. Man, that pisses me off! You should have been warned about that.
You should be wearing prescription glasses based on your refraction. Some issues will be improved just by wearing the correct script.
I would suggest you get refracted by a good OD and get some glasses. I'd never get by without corrective lenses. I'd be running into walls. That reminds me of another thing that really ticks me off about LASIK surgeons -- they never tell patiens that they need to be wearing glasses, even if they really do. They don't want anyone seeing their LASIK patients in glasses -- they'd rather they be running around in blurryland so they can say your surgery was a success!
No, no, no. Two things -- first you should probably have your pupils measured again in the dark with a pupillometer just to be sure the original measurement was correct. This has to be done with no dilating drops! You need to know your natural dark-adapted pupil size. Secondly, knowing your true natural dark-adapted pupil size, you need to have a wavefront scan taken at that diameter. It's ok if you are dilated for this exam (some will argue that point), but it's much better if you can get the tech to do the exam in a dark room and control any stray light and take the scan at your natural dark-adapted pupil diameter -- but this can be tricky and getting them to do it might be impossible. The point is to get the scan diameter as large as your natural dark pupil size. Keep in mind some aberrometers are not capable of taking a very large scan. But if your pupils really are not much larger than 6mm, that won't be a problem for you.
What is the most accurate way to measure pupils? Then, while dialated, I need to have the wavefront scans taken at the same diameter as my pupil measurement. Got it. I have scans taken post-op with dialated pupils, but the scan diameters are different (7.25mm vs. 6.00mm.) I will send you the scans.
Infrared pupillometer in a dark room is the most common and should be reasonably accurate -- unless there's a moron on the other side of the device. There's a little more to it. You might find this helpful:
Remember, no dilating drops for the pupillometer! Dilating drops are ok (some will argue) for the wavefront scan. The scan diameter needs to be set by the tech for your natural dark pupil size. If the scan is larger, the device should still be able to provide a report at any smaller size.
I had a complete exam (except dilated fundus) including lens fitting which was over $800. I believe the cost of the lenses themselves was $660.00. That's two pair. Each pair lasts six months. I highly recommend these lenses. I would be very surprised if they did not dramatically improve your vision.
One more complicating detail of my situation of which you should be aware is the free cap I have on my right eye. My right eye was the first one chopped. They chopped off the flap completely. Luckily, they didn't lose it. They did throw it in a dirty petri dish, and now I have several pieces of debris trapped between the flap and bed.
Holy cow! You didn't mention a free cap! Geez, I'm sorry to hear about that. Did you lose lines of best corrected vision, meaning, can you be refracted to read the 20/20 line with that eye?
Anyway, the ODs I have seen since have differed in opinion on the proper way to burn up my corneas again. One had no problem re-lifting the flap, another was very hesitant about lifting the flap and was suggesting PRK, and the last was undecided and said that further evaluation would be required before he would make a decision.
No problem relifting a free cap?! Are you kidding? I never, ever heard of anyone relifting a free cap -- not that I know everything, I don't, but I will tell you this -- I'd never even consider a relift if it were me... then of course I'd never consider any additional surgery, period.
Not unless you feel better removing your name. It actually helps me keep them straight. Many patients have sent me their reports and I usually hang onto them in case they have more questions. Your records are safe with me. But if you decide to remove your name, that's ok with me.
Actually that's common. Don't read too much into that. Let me explain... let's say your surgeon had lasered 5 people who were -4.00 and all of them were overcorrected... he'd naturally back off a bit on the laser treatment to adjust for that the next time he treated a -4.00. Several factors come into play with a surgeon's nomograms. Now, if it were a misprogrammed treatment, that's another story. That's probably not the case, but you should be able to tell by the other information on your reports.
Here's all the information for the last version of the VISX Star prior to custom wavefront -- there's a lot of material here:
The "Patient Labeling" is the same thing as the "Patient Information Booklet" which they are required to give you PRIOR to LASIK.
This webpage has more information about the patient information booklet requirement, about halfway down the page:
Why don't you just ask them, point blank, "which version/model (exactly) of the VISX Star S4 was I treated with?" There are several...
FDA approved lasers and links to approval orders, Summary of Safety and Effectiveness, and labeling (Patient Information Booklets and Profession Use Manuals):
If anyone needs the transcript of the September, 1999 panel meeting to draft the guidance for microkeratomes, please post your request here and I'll email it to you. For some reason I can't locate the link, but I have the file.
You can type in LZS for lasers, HNO for microkeratomes. For Intralase, type in Intralase. You should read some of these in your spare time!
A musical expression with an open scope for variety where Peruvian, Latin American, Jazz, Classical and Improvisation trends converge to create exciting rhythms and textures.
Jos Luis is both Performer and Composer with classical piano training and a large experience on Peruvian and some Latin American and World folk traditions.
His compositions, based on peruvian styles from Coast, Andes and Amazonas, nourish from Classical, Jazz and music from other parts of the globe. Styles like bossanova, baiao, chorinho, vals joropo and other latinamerican sounds are part of this project. Jose Luis explores the improvisation language not only through pre established tunes but also as the spontaneous musical creation achieved in situ.
The King returned to Cobra Golf last year with the King LTD driver and the King F6 range that included drivers, fairways, hybrids and irons.
The short game has now been covered with the release of the Cobra King wedges, which come in 3 sole grind options to suit all swings and course conditions.
Wedges are all about getting the correct fit for your game, picking the best combination of loft, bounce and grind to help you attack more pins, get up and down more often and make more sand saves.
Weve been working on these new wedges for nearly two years to create the best-performing speciality wedges for golfers. Our Cobra engineers collaborated with our tour players, including Rickie Fowler, Jonas Blixt and Lexi Thompson, and conducted extensive research and testing on the King wedges. Through that we've greatly improved wedge feel and versatility, giving golfers the confidence to hit a variety of shots around the green.
The Versatile grind has toe, heel and trailing edge relief and is suited suited to players with a slider or neutral attack angle on courses whose turf is medium to firm.
The Classic grind has a progressive sole width from heel to toe to allow players with all swing types to benefit in all turf conditions.
Finally, the WideLow grind has a wide sole with reduced bounce for players who tend to come into the ball from steeper angles and to allow more consistency on courses where the ground is generally softer.
The grind options are backed up with other key technologies that Cobra believes are key to excelling with shots into and around the green.
The faces of the King wedge have a new progressive milled groove design that features wider grooves and gapping on the weaker lofted wedges, and narrower, tighter spaced grooves in the stronger lofted clubs to give optimum spin and trajectory.
The new grooves are combined with Variable Face Roughness a milling technology Cobra uses to maximise average roughness and max peak to peak depth to the USGA limit.
The notch design, a long standing feature of Cobra wedges, has been improved to enable the sole and trailing edge to sit lower to the ground. This means the blade height is closer to the turf on shots where the wedge is square or open, allowing for greater consistency of shot.
Spin is maximised with the use of a variable face roughness that optimises grip across the face to give the control required for shot making from both grass and sand around the green.
The Cobra King wedges come in 12 combinations of loft, bounce and grind and are plated with a Satin Nickel Chrome that reduces glare and provides a durable finish.
I spend ages thinking up elaborate ideas for amazing costumes, but on the day end up coming up with last minute ideas. Non the less it always comes out looking good - perhaps my talented mother has a lot to do with that? Haha
I'm lucky enough to be able to dress up twice, for trick or treating and then a halloween party the next day!
The second night was a much bigger success. My scary clown costume was a big hit and scared my clown-phobic friend to pieces!
Raleigh Roofing is one associated with the most significant roofing services companies covering the Benson area .
While having 30 years experience, our company is satisfied with this standing for top quality roofing service providing excellent customer care .
Our corporation family organized and then run having 30K roofing installation , punctually in addition to on budget. Our services include:
We offer our clients skillful property reports as well as , in-depth cost-free roofing quotation for the well-advised replacement. Each and every competent rooftop technician will most certainly provide answers to all the problems and give your family using a written free quotation and written contract which means you find out what you may anticipate so when typically the installation s going to be handled. Our company utilize the best quality roofing materials manufactures in the field, only using the greatest grade roof products and give industry-leading extended warranties of roof supplies and labor. During the proces, you are going to work together with the boss, who is going to be sure that you are actually happy about the roof task.
Our corporation extremely pleased for having achieved an important GAF Master-Elite Roofer qualification, which actually pledges when your process is actually accomplished with the greatest quality and so support services.
: a superior Roofing Contractor! has emerged victorious a great many distinctions for customer support like getting a strong A+ status with the ANGIESLIST.
In Need of Quality Roofing Repair & Services? Call us today for your Roof Repair Maintenance Needs! (919)701-6300 With our values, you can trust us to get the job done right the first time. We have the sought after skills and qualities needed to guarantee satisfaction. Residential Roof-top Solutions We are experienced roof contractors with the skills you need to satisfy your roofing repair and service needs. We provide Residential Roof Services to our local community and beyond. Count on us for all your homes needs, from leads to roof replacements. Take care of your home by letting us be the ones to take care of your roof. We take pride in our work to ensure your satisfaction with our roofing services. Asphalt shingle, tile, metal or tar? Flat Roofs, waterproofing or leak repair? Not to worry, we have you covered.
All of our high quality roof top professionals are pros at commercially aware roofing in addition to waterproofing active structures. Our endeavour will be to make sure your business continues to be open even while we deal with your roof! To help protect your enterprise, its definitely beneficial to hire an authorized, bonded and covered by insurance business such as our company. Regardless of whether you will need Hot-Tar, Flat, TPO, Metal, or Tile roof repairs, we have the skills to promise you will be happy with our business.
Raleigh Roofing: in Kipling North Carolina produces fine quality personal together with business roof services. To obtain a totally free estimate get in touch now! (919)701-6300 (919)701-6300
Welcome to Womens Care of New Jersey, where we provide comprehensive Health Care for You through all stages of your life.
This page states the Terms under which you may use our Site. Please read it carefully. Terms may be updated and revised by us from time to time, so visit this page periodically to review the latest information.
By using this site, you signify that you agree with these Terms and Conditions. If you do not accept the following terms and conditions, do not use this Site or our Service(s).
Goods are usually despatched on the same day or next working day. Goods are occasionally not available for immediate shipment and in this case the opportunity to wait for stock to be replenished or full refund will be offered.
All shortages/damaged/or other discrepencies with your order must be reported within 24 hours of taking delivery of your order.
Goods which prove unsuitable may be returned for a refund, credit note or exchange if they are returned to Wood & Pickett within 7 days of receipt. Subject to the following conditions:
- Items should be returned unused in their original condition in order to secure a refund Items are returned complete with all packaging in good condition. (We reserve the right to charge for replacement packaging when the original has been damaged or defaced.)
- Items returned after 7 days from receipt may be subject to a restocking fee. (This does not affect you statutory rights)
- We cannot accept any items which have been specially ordered for you or manufactured to your specification for return.
- All returns are to be accompanied by the senders name and address, account number and reason for return.
- We cannot accept responsibility for returned parcels which are undelivered or lost, please keep your proof of postage, as it may be required in the event of a claim with our couriers.
Internet orders are charged at the time of placing the order and are despatched as above. Should you wish to cancel your order after it has been despatched the Returns and Refund policy will apply.
The following terms have the following meanings: "You" "your" and "User" refer to all individuals accessing this site. "We," "Us" refer to Wood & Pickett Ltd., and "Website", "Site" refer to woodandpickett.com , "Service" refers to whatever is provided to you, the user of the woodandpickett.com Site.
The materials and services provided on the Site are for adults only. All visitors to the Site are subject to basic rules of conduct while using and accessing the services provided on the Site.
3. Refrain from using the Site to invade the privacy of others, or to collect and use an individual's personal and private information or to gain or attempt to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems via the Site;
Users expressly understand and agree that woodandpickett.com shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if woodandpickett.com has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from:
The Terms and Conditions and the relationship between you and the Site shall be governed by the international laws without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
These Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and woodandpickett.com and govern your use of the Site, superceding any prior agreements between you and us. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate services, third-party content or third-party software. You and woodandpickett.com are independent contractors, and no agency, partnership, joint venture, employee/employer or franchisor/franchisee relationship is intended or created by these Terms.
Our failure to act with respect to a breach by you does not waive our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. We shall not be liable for any delay or failure to perform resulting directly or indirectly from any causes beyond our reasonable control. If any provision of the Terms and Conditions is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the Terms and Conditions remain in full force and effect.
Except as explicitly stated otherwise, any notices shall be given by certified mail, postage prepaid and return receipt requested, to the address provided on this page or to the address you provide to us during the registration process. Notice shall be deemed given three days after the date of any mailing.
You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the service or the Terms and Conditions must be filed within one year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
We may update this Terms and Conditions from time to time as our services change and expand. The revised terms will take effect when they are posted. Once any changes that We make to this Terms and Conditions become effective, your continued use of the Site after such time will signify your acceptance of the new terms.
c. the quality of any products, services, information, or other Material purchased or obtained by you through the Site will meet your expectations
Woodandpickett.com does not warrant that the Site will operate error-free or that the site and its server are free of computer viruses or other harmful mechanisms. The Site and material are provided on an "as is" basis without any warranties of any kind whether express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
We do not guarantee continuous or uninterrupted access to your account and make no warranty as to the operation, functionality, or availability of the site, or that the Site or materials or content provided will be error-free, or that defects will be corrected. If your use of woodandpickett.com results in the need for servicing or replacing equipment or data, woodandpickett.com is not responsible for those costs.
Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the Site is done at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any such material.
Users are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of woodandpickett.com, including attempts to:
a. access data not intended for them or logging into a server or account which the user is not authorized to access
c. interfere with service to any user, host or network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the site, overloading, flooding, spamming, mail-bombing or crashing
g. decipher, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software comprising or making up any part of this site
i. use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of this Web Site or any activity being conducted on it, including any action which imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Site's infrastructure
Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. woodandpickett.com will investigate occurrences which may involve such violations and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are involved in such violations.
Woodandpickett.com reserves the right at any time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, all or any part of the Site, with or without notice. You also agree that we shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of woodandpickett.com.
If You have any questions about the Terms and Conditions or the practices of this Site, you may contact us through this email address: enquiries@woodandpickett.com, or call us on +44 (0)1372 388 248.
Copyright  2018 Wood and Pickett Ltd All rights reserved. | Site by Jumpstart | TERMS & CONDITIONS | PRIVACY POLICY
Pre warned of incident by Steve Rowe EMRT. MTB with cut leg in Greno woods. Phoned informant who said cas was making his own way off and taking himself to a&e. Informed YAS we would not be needed. Deps alterted bot no other action taken.
We were requested to provide assistance to YAS who had been called to an injured mountain biker in Wharncliffe Woods. The team located the casualty using his phones GPS and dispatched along Plank Gate track to reach him. RV with the ambulance crew along Plank Gate, they had set off on foot from Station Road in Deepcar. The Casualty has sustained leg and groin injury from falling from his bike and was treated on scene then transferred on stretcher in the team Landrover to the ambulance. Remainder of the riders were transferred back to the car park along with the casualtys bike.
Depression and menopause are just two medical conditions that can rob you of sleep. Discover other culprits that can cause insomnia.
Having problems going to sleep or staying asleep? A health condition could be to blame. Research suggests that sleep disturbances such as insomnia are rooted in certain medical conditions.
Were finding that both the quantity and quality of sleep a person gets can be linked to a number of health issues and diseases, says James Wellman, MD, medical director of the Sleep Disorders Center of Georgia in Augusta. Sleep problems may be caused by physical, emotional, or hormonal conditions  everything from asthma to depression to menopause. Here are the most common culprits.
Depression: Sleep problems and depression are common bedfellows. Some research shows that 90 percent of people with depression experience troubled sleep. In low-grade depression, insomnia is often the most prominent symptom, says Dr. Wellman. Waking up too early in the morning is a hallmark of serious depression. Other depression-related sleep problems include difficulty falling asleep and sleeping excessively. Anxiety (persistent worrying and uneasiness) can also leave you wide awake due to the inability to relax. Appropriate medications can help ease depression and anxiety, as well as the resulting sleep problems.
Menopause: As a womans periods start to end, insomnia may begin. According to the National Sleep Foundation, 61 percent of menopausal women have sleep problems. One possible reason: Progesterone levels drop off during menopause. Progesterone is a sleep-promoting hormone, says Wellman. Changing levels of estrogen during menopause can also cause sleep disruptions by bringing on hot flashes, sudden waves of intense body heat, and sweating.
Diabetes: Diabetics often find restful sleep elusive due to blood sugar fluctuations, night sweats, and the need to urinate frequently during the night. Insomnia can also increase the risk of developing diabetes. In a recent study involving 1,741 adults, people who slept less than six hours were more likely to develop type 2 diabetes than those who got more sleep.
Musculoskeletal disorders: The intense pain of arthritis can make drifting off to dreamland difficult. Plus, arthritis patients who must shift positions during the night often find it hard to fall asleep again. A pain reliever before bed can help ease sleep-stealing arthritis pain. Fibromyalgia, a condition characterized by painful ligaments and tendons, has also been linked with sleep disturbances, as well as next-day fatigue.
Cardiovascular disease: Two common cardiovascular conditions, coronary artery disease and congestive heart failure, have been linked to sleep problems. In coronary artery disease, fluctuations in circadian rhythms can cause chest pain, an irregular heartbeat, or even a heart attack while sleeping. Congestive heart failure prevents the heart from pumping enough blood to reach all parts of the body. As a result, extra fluid accumulates around the lungs while you are lying down, causing you to wake up during the night. Using pillows to elevate the upper body can help.
Asthma: People with asthma often have sleep disturbances because of breathing difficulties, wheezing, and coughing, says Wellman. Asthma symptoms are usually worse at night due to night time changes in functioning that constrict the airway, increasing the risk of asthma attacks during the night. Some of the medications used to treat asthma can also cause insomnia and fragmented sleep.
Heartburn or GERD: In heartburn or gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), acidic juices in the stomach flow back into the esophagus, causing irritation and painful burning sensations. This can make it difficult to fall asleep and stay asleep. Lying down often worsens the condition. Avoiding big meals, coffee, and alcohol in the evening may help relieve heartburn and bring on a restful nights sleep.
Eating disorders: Anorexia has been found to interrupt normal sleep patterns, possibly due to malnutrition and excessive weight loss, says Wellman. Research suggests that anorexics get more non-REM sleep and less REM sleep than people of normal weight, resulting in next-day tiredness. Bulimia is often characterized by eating binges and purges during the night, interfering with a good nights sleep.
Kidney disease: Kidney disease prevents the kidneys from filtering wastes from the blood, which can lead to insomnia or restless legs syndrome. Dialysis or even a kidney transplant doesnt always result in normal sleep, says Wellman. Researchers arent sure why.
Thyroid disease: An overactive thyroid gland (hyperthyroidism) can cause sleep-busting night sweats, while an underactive thyroid gland (hypothyroidism) brings on excessive daytime sleepiness. Both of these thyroid conditions can be diagnosed with a simple blood test and easily treated with medications.
When sleep problems are due to a medical problem or physical condition, treating the condition will often resolve the insomnia and ease sleep disturbances, says Wellman. See your doctor for an evaluation, and you may find that your insomnia does a disappearing act. If not, the next step is to make an appointment with a sleep specialist.
Bright and shiny handheld devices, as well as standard lamps, may hinder your cognitive abilities and cause depression if the...
Young men in small study ate more when sleep-deprived. Lack of sleep can lead you to eat larger portions of high-calorie f...
Two separate studies have found that sleep loss may put you at risk for weight gain and Alzheimer's disease. MONDAY, March...
Early study adds to evidence supporting sleep's importance in preventing disease. People with insomnia may have double the...
woodworking bench type of wood free woodworking magazine by mail | popular woodworking magazine june 2018 woodworking for mere mortals picture frame
This trade and technical college currently serves over 15,500 credit students from its campus in downtown Los Angeles. Through the Construction, Design and Manufacturing Department, full-time students can enroll in a daytime certificate or an Associate of Science program in cabinet and millwork. Evening programs for current craftspeople include a certificate program in construction technologies and an Associate of Arts in cabinetmaking and millwork that provide students with the skills they need to work in construction or manufacturing.
I drilled from the mark. That way I could ensure that the hole was where it was supposed to be, on the side where the position was critical. I have two 3/8" bits -- a brad point bit that came with my doweling set, and a perfectly ordinary 3/8" twist bit. Brad-point bits are far more precise than twist bits -- they're more likely to start where you want them to, and they're more likely to stay straight. My problem is that my brad-point bit wasn't long enough to go through 3-1/2" of wood. So I started each hole with the brad-point bit, then finished it off with the twist bit. I clamped a piece of ply on the back, to reduce tear-out.
The Practical Woodworking course at the JD Lohr School of Woodworking is a complete and comprehensive woodworking course held in our shop on the 13-acre farm in southeastern PA. This is total immersion woodworking for ambitious, interested adults. With class size limited to 11 students and 3-4 instructors in each class, all needs of every student are met regardless of experience level. If you are self taught with no formal training as a woodworker, this course will quite literally change the way you work.
Thread the rods through one of the legs, then set the leg flat on the table. Insert dowels into the dowel holes. Place the matching stretchers into place. Put dowels into the dowel holes at the top end of the stretchers. Place the other leg onto the threaded rod and settle it down onto the dowels. You'll probably have another opportunity to whack away with your rubber mallet.
The first time you try your hand at the ancient craft of woodworking, you want to do it right. Learn woodworking basics with hand tools to a professional standard on a weekend woodworking course at Rowden Atelier. Ed Wild runs weekend furniture building courses for everyone from beginners who want to have some fun experimenting behind the bench, to those who are looking to develop specific skills as a furniture maker. Classes include tool handling, box making, and basic veneering, but to a certain degree, you can tell us what you want to learn - these short woodworking courses are partly bespoke.
Those bums even have a stipulation that you can't connect any utilities to a shed. My plan is to adhere to the letter of the law if not the spirit. I plan to run a buried 20 amp power line out to the shed (this will be done professionally and properly according to whatever is required by the law), but it will require a manual connection to a junction box on the outside of my house to complete the circuit. That way, I can argue that the electrical connection is only temporary and is little more than a safe and buried version of an extension cord.
It doesn't get much better than a day at the woodshop! I've taken several classes from cutting boards to turning vases. It is always fun and informative! All of the machines are top notch and the instructors are great! I've toyed with the idea of a membership but I think I'll take a couple more classes before doing so! I can't wait to see the new location! :)
Drill a pair of 3/8" holes in each end of the short stretchers, just over half of the depth of the dowels, using a brad-pointed bit. These stretchers already have a groove running their length, centered on the bottom edge. Precise placement isn't necessary, but keeping track of which part is which is. We need a hole in each end of each stretcher. Take care to keep these holes square, you don't want them running at angles.
Then I flipped the top and the base, lied up the base in the proper location relative to the top, I then positioned the front vise and the support MDF for the end vise, and marked the locations of the bolt holes. Then I flipped the base right side up, drilled small pilot holes from the bottom side where I had marked the locations, and then drilled shallow countersink holes from each side, then a through hole that matched the bolts. Finally I tried out the bolts and washers, and deepened the countersinks until the heads of the bolts were just below flush.
The course successfully meets the needs of multiple experience levels in a safe, well equipped, spacious, congenial, and educational environment. All instruction and lab experience is under the personal direction of master woodworkers as well as one or two additional experienced woodworkers/teacher assistants who are on hand during all lab hours providing roughly a three-to-one student-to-instructor ratio. Intermediate to more advanced students should not be put off by the fact that beginners are also included in this course. Check out some of the work done by our alumni in the Alumni Furniture Gallery to get an idea of what our students are capable of.
The hacksaw will often damage the last thread when it cuts. Running a nut off the end will fix this. You'll have to run the nut all the way down from the other end. This doesn't take long, if you chuck up the rod in your drill and let it do the work. Hold the rod vertically, with the drill pointing down, and just hold on to the nut enough to keep it from spinning.
This place is great! They offer safety classes before you sign up for a membership, and the workspace is big and well maintained. I needed some basic lessons with table and band saws, which went great. I didn't ultimately get a membership because my sawing needs are very specific, and ended up getting a small bandsaw for myself at home. But if you're someone who needs the whole range of tools, this is the place to be!
Although many hand tool operations are thoroughly covered, this is a machine based woodworking experience. You will find the school finely equipped with four table saws, four jointers, three drill presses, three thickness planers, a wood lathe, full dust collection, bandsaws, jig saws and scroll saws, 5 routers and dozens of router jigs and accessories. There is a heavy focus on the safe and efficient use of the table saw starting with it's basic operation and going into advanced production procedures. We consider the table saw to be an essential machine for efficient, accurate, and safe woodworking.
The edges of MDF are fragile, easily crushed or torn. MDF is also notorious for absorbing water through these edges, causing the panels to swell. In Sam Allen's original design, he edged the MDF with 1/4" hardboard. This edging is one of the complexities that Asa Christiana left out in his simplified design. I think this was a mistake. MDF really needs some sort of protection, especially on the edges.
Learn the basics of woodworking with simple hands-on projects to build your confidence and skills. Each lesson in this class explores an area of woodworking that will form the building blocks of all future woodworking projects you undertake. Keeping the average DIY'er in mind, this entire class is conducted using basic handheld power tools, with no fancy fixed tools like table saws, lathes, planers, or drill presses.
For a fun and comprehensive learning experience, take an online woodworking class in the WWGOA Academy. Youll learn in-depth woodworking how-to, get bonus material, and enjoy custom benefits for class participants. Youll never lose access to your Class; no strings attached! Check back often  as were adding new online woodworking classes regularly.
The book is well written and easy to read. The illustrations, I'm sure were excellent in 1914 and, are still adequite now. Most of the designs seemed repetitive, though. I wish more attention had been given to lashing materials. If you are looking for that you will find almost none here. The book was fun to read and provided enough inspiration to make my brother and me attempt a large hut.
During an intensive six-month course, not only will you learn all of the basics such as the different tools you will be using but also get a chance to try some of our more advanced projects. These will include how to draw up a big project such as a workbench, and French Polish your own jewellery box. You will also learn how to draw and can take part in our design courses, an invaluable part of the making process.
If you don't quite have the space for a real pony, make this handcrafted wood version instead. The horse pictured here is unfinished pine, but there are lots of woods and finishes to choose from. Everything you need comes with the kit, and the plans can be downloaded. If you don't want to build it yourself, you can order from the websitejust allow two to three weeks to ship.
The Handy Home Products Berkley 10 ft. x The Handy Home Products Berkley 10 ft. x 10 ft. Wood Storage Building Kit is made with factory-primed SmartSide siding to resist fungal decay and wood-destroying insects. The Berkleys gambrel style roof provides plenty of height to add a loft for extra storage space. The 6 ft. high side walls ... More + Product Details Close
What I did, when I came back, was to clamp down the strip where it had torn away, and then to start routing from the other end. I still moved the router from right to left, but I did it in six-inch sections, taking light passes, and sort of whittled the strip flush. As the sections I was working were farther to the right, the strip was thinner. Eventually I came to where I was trimming the strip away entirely, at which point I took off the clamps and the remainder fell away.
A woodworker's Workbench is a special type of bench designed to hold your work when you are working on a wood project. The main purpose of this table is to keep the woodwork steady and to prevent it from moving. Follow the tutorial below to build yourself a nice workbench suitable for your specific woodworking projects. Make sure to modify the table to fit your specific requirements.
Can't say enough about the team at Post Woodworking, Inc., from Karen in the office to the team that... put up this beauty starting at 7AM and were done before lunch, Kyle, Aaron and Billy. After what sounded like a late night at the shop the night prior, they were still on site bright and early as promised and still energized and ready to show their pride in their work. Couldn't be more happy with our 14' x 20' Cohasset. See More
1. In this post, you kindly remind us not to make it too deep or worry too much about the height. I presume you still believe a bench cannot be too long or too heavy? Im with you  just asking if thats actually still your opinion, since the bench above appears to be yet another six footer. (If longer is better, why dont you build an 8 or 10 for your home shop?) TYIA  remember, Ive bought all my lumber to start my new bench, but I havent milled anything yet, so youre really helping in an immediate way here!
With the shelf secure, get a couple of friends to come help, and stand the bench on its feet. I said earlier moving the top by yourself is dangerous. Trying to lift the entire bench is foolhardy. Of course, I already said I'm stubborn, so I did it myself by rigging a simple block-and-tackle using lightweight pulleys I got at the hardware store. (Not the lightest-weight pulleys, those are meant for flag poles and have a design load of something like 40 pounds. These had a design load of 420 pounds.)
Great advice. May I add #11?if youre left handed (like me), build a left handed bench. It sounds obvious, but when I made my bench, I had looked at all the pictures in my books, laid out plans for a nice, traditional bench, built it, then realized my front vise should have been on the other end (I have no tail vise). I plane from left to right, and the front vise is always in the way.
I clamped the top to the side of the base, as I had done before, so that the edge with the knot would be easy to work with. I mixed up some ordinary five-minute epoxy and added just a touch of black epoxy pigment. I applied this freely. After about twenty minutes I checked on it and found that in the deepest spot the void wasn't entirely filled, so I mixed up another batch and added more. After that had cured for a bit I eased the top to the floor and applied a coat of oil to the bottom side. I planned on attaching the base to the top the next day, and I wanted the bottom side oiled to keep it from absorbing moisture.
Students will make two pens at the lathe, one of solid wood and one of your own design built up from several pieces of wood. Since turning pens is a quick process, we will have time to teach you how to choose woods, how to prepare and mount wood on the lathe, and several of the more popular finishes. We will cover safe operation of a lathe, demonstrate how to use common woodworking tools, practice tool sharpening techniques, and discuss options for what kind of lathe you might want in the future, from a small pen lathe to more robust machines that can handle much bigger projects. Bring clothes that can get dirty.
You're not the first person to say this! I'm half inclined to use the Lowes shed as a starting point for my own design. But I do think I'd feel better if I could work as an "aprentice" next to an "old master". Someone at work is going to put me in touch with a guy who builds sheds for a living, and apparently he's competitive with the prices @ Lowes and HD. The Lowes shed comes with a "Handman Package" that I don't want but would end up paying for, anyway. The "workbenches" were laughably flimsy.
Helicopted is a scrabble word? Yes (18 Points) Helicopted has worth 18 Scrabble points. Each letter point as below.
Peched Photic Itched Helped Chield Etched Childe Teched Echoed Pithed Leched Lichee Techie Ophite Pieced Cleped Clothe Copied Depict Poetic Heiled Police Tholed Hilted Pelted Eloped Dipole Eolith Podite Diploe Decile Coiled Deltic Delict Ceiled Docile Coedit Deceit Polite Piolet Pelite Citole Toiled Etoile
In Helicopted H is 8th, E is 5th, L is 12th, I is 9th, C is 3rd, O is 15th, P is 16th, T is 20th, D is 4th letters in Alphabet Series.
The numbers that are shown in the parentheses indicate how many of your word queries appear in each category.
This hostel allows you to experience a lifestyle surrounded by cutting edge IoT devices, beginning with when you check in and even during your sleep. Try out the newest IoT devices, which are still believed to be items of the future. Experience this digital life that awaits us, ahead of anyone else!
MIO MOBILE KIOSK is a new generation of Mobile Retail operated with the network of self driving mobile vending robots. We enable people to buy where they are and businesses to come closer to people.
I want you to train me to navigate the parks, city squares, streets, speak with people, serve them by bringing them food and other supplies. I want to serve Human beings and You, my Commander.
If I am good at bringing money founders will clone me to fleets in multiple locations across this small planet.
I will serve you my master, with my clones to become your tool to experiment with human beings to serve them better.
Free essay: a comparison between adolf hitler and benito mussolini there is no doubt that adolf hitler and benito mussolini shared many. As a rule hitler comparisons are not about fairness which helped create the conditions in which hitler, benito mussolini, vladimir lenin, and. Never forget: mussolini and hitler made their first target the press but, as with all historical comparisons, this one can be pushed either too.
11 the emergence of single party states in europe after 1917 12 china- mao zedong 13 italy - benito mussolini 14 germany- adolf hitler. Free essay: hitler, mussolini, stalin these three names compare and contrast the domestic policies of hitler and mussolini fundamentally, both. You'd have to be deaf not to hear whispers afield comparing donald trump with italy's benito mussolini or even germany's adolf hitler but can.
The fourth edition of hitler, stalin, and mussolini: totalitarianism in the twentieth century presents an innovative comparison of the origins, development, and. Read this full essay on comparison of mussolini and hitler comparison of mussolini and hitler fascism was a totalitarian political movement that develop. A comparison about mussolini's and hitler's domestic policies benito mussolini and adolf hitler are for most people seen as two of the worlds worst leaders.
Commentary and archival information about benito mussolini from the new york times my grandfather, a vice president under franklin roosevelt, wrote an essay in 1944 that from the international herald tribune archives: bulgaria anticipates hitler's reaction to assemblyman steven f mclaughlin compared gov. A number of authors have carried out comparisons of nazism and stalinism, in which they have the dictator, whether stalin, hitler or mussolini, holds supreme power friedrich and brzezinski explicitly reject the claim that the party, or any. Free essay: comparison of mussolini and hitler fascism was a totalitarian political movement that developed after 1919 as a reaction against the political.
In comparing and contrasting nazi germany and the soviet union one has to disclaimer: this essay has been submitted by a student adolph hitler leaned towards mussolini's fascism whereas joseph stalin leaned. This essay will compare the three leaders who are famous for their dictatorship and totalitarianism during the 30's decade-adolf hitler, benito mussolini and. Italian fascism and german nazism: free comparison sample to help you write the two leaders mussolini and hitler who were authoritarian inspired the. As mussolini put it in his 1932 essay the doctrine of fascism, fascism compare that with the ways trump talks about improving america: hitler at the groundbreaking ceremony for the reichsautobahn on september.
In comparison with mussolini, hitler made upon me the impression of a in the above essay i thought jung's riff on nazi symbolism was also. The rise of fascism | sample essay 1 the rise of in comparison mussolini and hitler's apparent confidence and clear, key aims were very attractive to the.
Schivelbusch concludes his essay with the liberal journalist john t flynn's to compare, schivelbusch stresses, is not the same as to equate hitler, mussolini, and roosevelt, each in a different way, came to power as. Mussolini had come to power in 1922, and it wasn't until eco was 13, in 1945, 1995, a provocative and challenging essay about how to recognize fascism, but this is where the comparisons to hitler ring hollowper eco's. Mussolini, stalin & hitler 1 cult of personalityliving colourhttp://www youtubecom/watchv=7xxgruyzgs0 2 mussolinibr.
an overview of a union of crossings in the poems julia and pocahontas to her english husband john ro
Whether you're hiring, training, or looking for a job, these are the customer service skills and traits to focus on.
Good leadership is essential to business, to government and to the numerous groups and organisations that shape the way we live, work and.
an analysis of the focuses on the development of a brother and sister in harper lees novel to kill a
a mentally physically and socially equal society in the short story harrison bergeron by kurt vonneg
maintaining a sustainable competitive advantage in the porcelain industry: a focus on villeroy & boc
T cover diseases, diagnoses, findings, operations, treatments, drugs, administrative items, etc, and can be used to support recording and reporting a patients care at varying levels of detail, whether on paper or, increasingly, via electronic medical record (emc. Export management company essay limited control, and responsibility, and subsequent minimized risk for these products in this second approach, ownership of the good or service remains with the contracted organization or manufacturer (principal) emcs are usually liable for all fixed costs associated with an export operation, including. More essay examples on system software rubric the software can be modified in accordance with the needs of the company and the labor for this task will be billed at $60 per hour. Emc limited the question is about whether emc limited should disclose to the asx that it is currently having private discussions with elco ltd about a possible merger. Civil disobedience study guide contains a biography of henry david thoreau, literature essays, a complete e-text, quiz questions, major themes, characters, and a full summary and analysis 13 fill in the blank: the progress from an absolute to a limited monarchy, from a limited monarchy to a democracy, is a progress toward _____ a more.
The third person limited point of view is also present in a good man is hard to find, also written by o'conner the main character, the grandmother, is limited because the other characters were represented in the story as well. In addition only limited clinical evidence is available concerning, long-term safety data in children and adolescents including effects on growth, sexual maturation and cognitive and behavioural developments. Fire proof the emc equation fire proof the emc equation (identified needs + intentional resourcing = enlarging the conversation) through the lens of our course materials, ( i add the course material below) explore the interpersonal communication concepts you identified in the movie for example, did you find a degenerative communication spiral.
Emc corporation is an aggressive sales company that specializes in it software however it also a company plagued by sexual harassment accusations more than six lawsuits have been filed against the company, which have stemmed two class action lawsuits and 30 affidavits filed. The three human skills are planning, having strategy and leadership the maa can use planning to help establish and discover where an organization is at the present time they can also use planning to determine where it should be in the future, its future state planning will show them how to move forward to reach [. Point of view essay essays: over 180,000 point of view essay essays, point of view essay term papers, point of view essay research paper, book reports 184 990 essays, term and research papers available for unlimited access thus giving us a limited and one-sided view of the world the point of view in porphyria's lover emc from an. An emc cost is spread over the sales of several manufacturers -emc offer clients consolidated shipments for savings -lines of complementary products can better foreign representation than the products of just one manufacturing.
Essay uk offers professional custom essay writing, dissertation writing and coursework writing service our work is high quality, plagiarism-free and delivered on time essay uk is a trading name of student academic services limited , a company registered in england and wales under company number 08866484. Seven technology leaders, all in one place dell, dell emc, pivotal, rsa, secureworks, virtustream and vmware discover our portfolio of solutions. Killexams preparation pack contains pass4sure real emc e22-285 questions and answers and exam simulator killexams is the competent exam preparation and training company that will help you with current and up-to-date training materials for emc certification exams.
Dell, inc got its start in 1984 when michael dell, a university of texas student, began building computers for fellow students under the company name pcs limited (edwards, 2007. By 1997, emc lead the mainframe storage market with a 43% share, which came at the expense of ibm, who went from 48% to 30% in four years by 1999, 80% of sales were to repeat customers by 2000, 18% of the emc workforce was customer service emc enjoyed a 75% market share for data storage and 98% of the fortune 100 companies were emc customers. Short essay on the rise of information technology in india the global media started writing about india positively only in the past eight years.
Emc had a limited resource about their customers through market research, so they were more highly relying on sales force of emc focus on 'average' customers lack of customer preferences. Killexams preparation pack contains pass4sure real emc e20-018 questions and answers and exam simulator killexams is the competent exam preparation and training company that will help you with current and up-to-date training materials for emc certification exams. Ilm essays: over 180,000 ilm essays, ilm term papers, ilm research paper, book reports 184 990 essays, term and research papers available for unlimited access. Harvard triesand succeeds, to my mindto fill its limited spots with a diversity not only of race and class but also of geography, politics, interests, intellectual fields of study, and.
The news is everywhere, and has been for days: dell and emc have announced that dell plans to purchase emc in a deal worth approximately $67 billion the transaction would result in the majority.
Summary the introduction of new intentional emitters in the hospital environment have raised concerns about the electromagnetic compatibility (emc.
Starting an import export trading company marketing essay print reference this the export intermediary may be a commissioned agents, an export management company (emc), an export trading company (etc), an export agent, or a re-marketer ukessays is a trading name of all answers ltd, a company registered in england and wales company.
The athletic training program (atp) is designed to provide an effective blend of theoretical and practical learning experiences in athletic training by incorporating extensive academic and clinical education experiences. The dell emc services approach to support maximizes uptime, prevents issues, accelerates repairs, and reduces parts shipments thats not just good for it and end-users, but for your business bottom line and for the environment learn more managed services. The emc is managed and owned by datapharm communications limited, known as datapharm we work with pharmaceutical companies, the nhs, and other healthcare organisations to provide good information about medicines.
Khurshid TV is a professional TV Channel in Kabul, Afghanistan We are a professional TV Channel located in Kabul, Afghanistan. Khurshid TV channel was founded on the 22nd of February 2011. Our philosophy is to broadcast Afghan culture programs in all provinces of Afghanistan.KHURSHID TV network means "sun". The channel, like sunlight, aims to provide its audience with the enlightenment it needs for the improvement of the country. This TV channel plans to struggle to broadcast good programs in Afghan society, and also aims to try to solve peoples problems. It is a private TV Channel with a variety of possibilities for progress.
Trying to capture the imagination of unpredictable, tantrum-prone critics like children must be a tough task. Thats probably why absolutely outlandish characters like a demented talking blanket managed to slip on to daytime television.
Despite efforts to improve the quality and content of TV shows aimed at the younger market, they havent stopped a few particularly imaginative animators from coming up with some truly awful and frightening ways toentertain minors.
Here are the weirdest and most unsettling characters to have somehow made it into childrens television shows through the years:
The stuff of nightmares made manifest, Ratafak Plachte spooked audiences in the 1980 show Slniecko. Apparently the character was meant to be a talking blanket. Instead it has been compared to Satans spirit animal by former viewers subjected to the demented creation.
The Moomins incredibly cheery opening segment masked the fact that the characters were pretty messed up. If domesticated hippos werent enough to melt your developing brain, then the appearance of the dark and icy Groke would surely scare you senseless.
Hot water bottles are not scary. But there was something very unsettling about the grimace on Alfreds face in the 1990 ABC creation Johnson and Friends. The giggling bed warmer bore a worried expression which suggested hed seen things no hot water bottle should witness. Post-traumatic stress disorder, anyone?
These shape-shifting experimental artists appeared on The Muppet Show in 1976. Mime duo Mummenschanz manipulated their clay faces into bizarre and increasingly-alarming features with disturbing ease.
The less said about Fukurokuju, the better. According to Japanese gaming guide Kotaku, the character aired on national television in 2012 and was meant to represent one of the Seven Lucky Gods. Instead, his oddly-shaped extendable head resembled well you know...
Dreamed up by executives at Brazils Rede Globo station, Fofao looked like the strange father of murderous movie doll Chucky. Sure, he had some serious issues with his cheeks, but that didnt stop the character from becoming hugely popular with 80s kids.
Australias Lift Off aired for only three years. However, it is still remembered for its nightmarish character EC - a ragdoll that was meant to represent every child. Today, children are more likely to run away from the faceless toy than identify with it.
Wizbit centered on an alien wizard of the same name in the shape of a cone hat. Starring British magician Paul Daniels, the show followed the adventures of a talking wizards hat, which would spout nonsense spells like Ostagazuzulum.
Wizbit also lived with a giant rabbit, which spoke at the pace of someone who had consumed quite a bit of grass.
Are you looking for best support than need not to worry our team is there to help you and resolve your all problems and also discuss your problems with technicians Contact To Adobe Toll Free Number
If you want to technician to discuss your problem than need not to worry our team is there to help you and resolve your all the problems and your all issues will be solved instantly. Contact To Laptop Toll Free Number
Coming up with brilliant product development and loyalty marketing strategy is the foundation for business [...]
The loyalty marketing landscape is changing - quickly and dramatically. Social Loyalty is a new [...]
We don't publish often to our subscriber lists, but when we do.....it's powerful information that you can use in your business. Just share a few bits of information here and consider yourself to be an insider at LoyaltyTruth.com.
Being a masochist - I often bring work home with me and spend my evenings cleaning up little jobs and catching up so I have time to read all of your blogs the following day. Last night I decided that I was going to head to a coffee shop to work so that Mario Kart couldn't give me "come hither" eyes and distract me from the task at hand. Damn you sexy Wii. That sounded bad.
So to the coffee shop I went. I should explain that this coffee shop isn't your normal Starbucks-y place. It is attached to my apartment complex and has a coffee shop, restaurant, bar, convenience store, dry cleaner and Assault course from American Gladiators (ok that last one was a dream I had where I was a gladiator and my name was "Teflon"). This coffee shop on steroids also has theme nights.
The stage is in the bar / restaurant area of the room while I was perched over in the coffee house area silently working away. I heard the microphones being set up and the specrapular smooth jazz playing before anyone took stage. I tuned most of the distraction out as the Drive-By Truckers were playing a live acoustic set on my favorite XM Radio station - X Country and I was also listening to the Tribe game (yay for multi-tasking!). The first half hour was made up mostly of jazz singers and was actually quite enjoyable. Then "that guy" hit.
To which I stood up and screamed "IF YOU SAY LIFE ONE MORE TIME I WILL COME OVER THERE AND END YOURS!" That never happened - I would never think up something that witty on the spot - but when I was laying in bed last night thinking about it I totally said that in my head. I showed him!
Who writes that crap? I know we can't all be lyrical geniuses but the drivel coming out of that guys mouth made me want to slam my man parts in a car door (I need to quit using that analogy).
So I crank up the tunes/game and get on with life. Before long the first free-style rapper makes his way to the stage and, with the game and the DBT show over, I am left to listen. He gets going and I didn't want to murder myself so he is already an improvement. I would say he was talented but me criticizing a rapper is like Keanu Reeves voting on the Oscars.
The rapper was going on about how people in the black community don't stand up for themselves and hide behind racism for not improving their life. Then he dropped this line:
Anyone that can work Church's Chicken into a rap is cool in my book - and sitting there, 12 hours deep into my work day with my eyes half shut - I let out a moderately loud chuckle. Not as loud as a "Caddyshack" chuckle but more than a "Son In Law" chuckle.
I wasn't laughing at what he was saying - just the way he chose to say it. This point was apparently lost on the crowd because every person in the place turned to look at me. I then noticed I was the only white guy in the whole place. Great. Now I look racist. Damn my selective hearing and penchant for laughing at culinary comedy. I look around at the collective death stare and notice "We Are Life" guy shaking his head. It wasn't hard to tell what he was thinking:
I thought the title of this post was, "What is Love" so I read this whole post bobbing my head to the left.
Every year I shock myself by mailing out our Christmas cards. I NEVER remember until the last-minute and once I do remember then I have to actually figure out a design, print them, cut them, and address the envelopes. Oh, the envelopes. Luckily I made a deal with my hubby this year that if I made the cards he had to write out the envelopes. Its a win for me, the family receiving them and a win for the mail man too cause my handwriting is nearly unlegible.
I was actually on track to get them finished early this year and had what I thought was a pretty cute concept. I showed Justin only to get an eh, its okay, why arent we in it though?. I had thought I was done. It was a cute watercolor of a VW van carrying presents and adorning a wreath. But, I did kind of see his point and after spending ALL day Saturday designing and redesigning I am actually super happy with how they came out. In the end he was right regardless of my willingness to totally admit it to him.
Its amazing how good it feels once they get mailed out, especially when you werent sure about doing it in the first place. It is like a huge weight off your shoulders and it feels even better to know that we got to say happy holidays to all of our family and friends, even the ones we may not see this year. Which could end up being a lot. We decided this year that we would spend the holidays in and not spend them running from house to house. So we wont see everyone in the family like we normally do, but we will get to spend even more time with each other and really relish in the holiday. I am excited to wake up Christmas morning, open presents, and play all day. Watch movies and take naps. Sip on hot chocolate! I am even pre-making ALL of our food (and some cocktails/mocktails) for us and any visitors that may come to join in. This way whenever we get hungry we can just pop something in the oven and wait for the ding. I couldnt plan anymore for an even lazier, wonderful day. My only job? To make sure my son has the perfect holiday.
Posted in Holidays, Holidays, Home, Our Family, Print-spiration	| Tagged cards for the holidays, Christmas card, christmas card inspiration, Christmas design, Christmas illustration, clever christmas card, design, design your own christmas card, designer, designs for the holidays, funny christmas card, hang in there card, humor christmas card, unique christmas card	| Leave a reply
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015
There are many (many) days when I wonder if dinosaurs are an actual sustainable life source. Based solely on the earth shattering screams that Jax can let out when hes searched for 13 seconds and cant find a particular pachycephalosaurus and the STRONG desire to go to Target as often as possible and buy more, Im leaning more and more on the yes side everyday.
Its his thing. And if Im being honest, I get it. Experiencing dinosaurs through him has shown me that they are actually insanely cool. What other group of creatures in the world are so unique and mystical? While also being completely unattainable. They leave a lot to the imagination, and Jax has a LOT of imagination, which makes them a perfect fit. Him and Lu can sit around the living room for hours and just play pretend with their dinosaurs. Which is why it was zero surprise when I asked him what he wanted to be this year for Halloween and he said a dinosaur!.
Of course he did. SO the search began. Let me tell you, there are a LOT of dinosaur costumes out there right now. All different kinds of fits and styles. But none are like the one we found from Chasing Fireflies. Im officially declaring it the ultimate dinosaur costume.
From head to toe Jax was totally immersed in the costume. The feet attach to his shoes, the hands to his hands, and his head came right out the dinos mouth. The fit is perfect because it is shaped to take on the shape of an actual T-rex. It is fitted tight around the arms which fall against the body that widens around the hips making him look like he has huge hind legs and teeny tiny little arms! What?! It is so cool.
Top that off with a super cute head-piece that wraps around the neck and open its mouth to reveal your head. It gives you the appearance of being much bigger than you are, kinda like a dinosaur! The spikes trail down the head and along the tail that drags behind without touching the ground and creating a mess. You can tell right away it is made to last, I sized up because I knew this would not be a Halloween exclusive costume, BUT I would advice sizing down or true to size for a little room. At least with my kids they ended up being a little bigger than I anticipated. I am also thinking about stuffing the inside I bit to fill it out for the big day!
Severe numbness or tingling in the hands may be treated by non-surgical tests or by doing some physical tests to further diagnose the cause of the problem. However, while the numbness is still mild or manageable, we could do some basic physical activities to relieve the pain momentarily. By doing so, may also prevent the occurrence of the numb condition. Here are the three basic movements that you could apply.
Circulation is the key to remove formigamento nas mos and bending is the basic thing to do. Although the numbness is felt in your hands, other compressed nerves in your body may be treated to eliminate the pain. You may stretch your feet or arm and slowly bend them inwards. Neck bending may also alleviate tired nerves. Though it may be far from your fingers, nerves are in network with each other which means they are connected. Neck exercise would be useful and effective to counteract numbness. As for your fingers, you may do close-open bending exercise while applying some squeezing force.
Compressed nerves because of improper posture are prevalent. In order to relieve pressure, stretching and shoulder rotations could be done with a regular interval. Stretching each finger would allow comfort and relaxation, relieving the tired bones. Following the stretch is shoulder rotation which would allow further circulation. Start by keeping your arms at your side and bending your elbow at a 90-degree angle.
Exercise is a sure way to encourage blood flow in your system. However, some exercise would tire you out without even enjoying the process. One physical activity that you would appreciate is swimming. While taking the pleasure of water splashes, you wont even notice that tingling in hands has been relieved. Aside from this, you get additional benefits from swimming like improvement on blood circulation, muscle development and most importantly - enjoyment.
Welcome to the Keedy Family Blog. This is our way to keep family and friends updated with pictures of our growing boys. We hope you enjoy it!
This year Will wanted to dress like his favorite baseball player, Albert Pujols. Jake overheard us talking about it and said he wanted to be Albert, too. Jake really looks up to Will and wants to do EVERYTHING he does. It is so cute!
This is Jake before his Halloween party at Under the Rainbow earlier in the week. Again, excuse the pics being out of order. I can't seem to fix this problem.
I wanted Will to squat down so he would be closer to Jake, but, of course, Jake had to do what Will was doing.
These pics are in reverse order AGAIN! I can't figure out why I can't click and drag them like I used to. If anyone can help me with this, I would greatly appreciate it. Anyway, life lately has been very busy. I am almost finished with my masters degree and will feel like I have my life back when it's completed...only 8 weeks to go!! Maybe I'll be a better blogger in the new year. For now, I'll have to do a quick recap of the past couple of months...
Jake will finally pose for the camera instead of running from it. Maybe Christmas card pictures won't be so horrible this year. But, I seriously doubt it. That would make my life too easy! =)
Another milestone was reached at the beginning of this month. For the first time in six years, I no longer have a baby bed in my house. Jake is sleeping a "big boy" bed, which is actually a toddler bed. It suits him perfectly for now, but I'm sure he will outgrow it soon. This boy is growing like a weed! I want to get bunk beds for his room eventually, but I am afraid he is still a little to small for climbing up to the top bunk.
We've spent lots of time at football games. This family is full of die hard Newport Greyhound and stAte Red Wolf fans.
I had my 15 year high school reunion this month, also. Man, I'm getting old! I had a great time catching up with some old and dear friends.
Nana treated us to a Disney Live show in Jonesboro. The boys loved it! Jake is already asking when we can see Mickey Mouse again. I guess we will be going to Disney World before too long!
Will had his 6th birthday party at Pump It Up in Jonesboro...easiest party he's ever had! I didn't have to do anything except bring the cake. He had a great time and I think all of the other kiddos did, too. Jake loved it just as much as the big guys. You can see him in the background of the first picture heading up the monstrous slide.
While opening gifts at Pump It Up, the birthday boy or girl gets to sit on this huge throne shown above. When Will kept insisting that we have his party at this place, I told him I could rent a bounce house and we could have the party in Newport where it would be more convenient for his friends. Then, he informed me that he wouldn't get to sit on the throne. So what's a mom to do??? By all means, let's sit on the throne!!
I didn't get this post on here on his actual birthday since it took 10 minutes to load each of my catch up posts, but I was determined to get this on here before I went to bed. I will be paying for that in the morning!! We celebrated his birthday earlier tonight with Ginker and Coach. Will got to pick where we went to eat (of course, he picked US Pizza...he is his mother's son) and then we came back home to have cake and open presents. His actual party will be this weekend at Pump It Up in Jonesboro. Hopefully, I'll keep up with the blog and have more pics to share this weekend from the party.
Jake kept saying that is was his birthday everytime someone mentioned Will's birthday. I'm glad he had some presents to open, too, or he would have really been disappointed on his "birthday"!
This is a pitiful cake, I know, but it's what he wanted for his "at home" birthday cake. He put the candles on it himself and didn't want me to try to decorate it in anyway which is probably a good thing!!
-He still loves his momma! He loves to cuddle and loves to just sit by me and watch TV or read books.
-Even though he's a cuddler at home, in public it's a different story. He recently quit letting me hold his hand when we cross the parking lot at stores. Everytime he pulls his hand out of mine, I feel like my baby is slipping away and becoming too independent. But, I guess that's what parenting is really about...raising our children to become independent. So, I will try my best to let him grow...and not smother him to death with my overprotectiveness. Is that even a word??
-He loves sports! He's definitely a Keedy! He knows more players on the Cardinals team than his dad and calls his dad with play by play updates if he is not home to watch the games.
-He will sleep in his own bed and lay down by himself, but he doesn't like it. He was doing good until Michael Jackson died and seeing pictures of him on the news back in June still haunts him.
He thinks he was a monster, and it's not because of Thriller. He's thinking about how he looked after all the plastic surgery.
-He is a wonderful big brother most of the time. He is so patient with Jake and will not hit Jake even if Jake hits him. In fact, when Jake tries to bite him, we've told him to try to bite Jake back but he will not do it. I'm glad he was the first born because I'm quite certain that Jake wouldn't have been as good of a big brother.
-He is a very well-behaved child in public (and most of the time at home, except for the mess thing) and always has been-- except for the first four months of his life. He is very much a "pleaser" and comes by that honestly. He also always thinks he's right and is a little bossy at times...he comes by that honestly, too! =)
-He has an awesome memory. It's spooky sometimes. He'll say remember that time when I was 2 and we went to blah, blah, blah... and we really will have done what he is talking about and it's not something that he's seen in pictures.
-He admires his daddy more than anyone and wants to be just like him. It's so sweet!! I love hearing him tell things about "my daddy" to other kids.
-He adores his grandparents (both sets) and would probably choose to live with them if given the chance. LOL!!
Will started kindergarten this year! Many people think he has already been to kindergarten since he is turning 6 this month, but since his birthday is so early, we decided to wait until this year to start him. He was certainly ready to go last year, but I was afraid the age difference might show up in junior high or high school when kids really need to have a level head. I've got to brag just a little....Will can already do math that some of my 5th graders can't do. He can add and subtract (all in his head, not with pencil and paper) and multiply by 2's, 5's, and 10's. I think he gets it from me!! ;)
Nana, the boys, and I went to see The Wiggles in Little Rock a few weeks ago. When Will was little, The Wiggles were all the rage and had a show on Disney. Now they aren't as popular, but Jake still likes to watch all of Will's old Wiggle DVDs. Will was probably a little too old to go with us, but I couldn't stand to not take him. He acted like he was so bored during the show and too big for it, but I know he really enjoyed it. Jake had a look of awe of his face the entire time!
These pictures are in reverse order of how I wanted them, but it wouldn't let me rearrange them for some reason. Ginker and Coach took Will to St. Louis for a few days to see 2 Cardinal games and go to the St. Louis zoo. Recently, Will has become obsessed with the Cardinals and begs to stay up late to see the end of games. He already knows the starting line up and all their jersey numbers. I think he's a Cardinal fan for life!
I have been married to my high school sweetheart for 10 years, and we have two adorable boys, Will and Jake. I am a fifth grade math and science teacher at the elementary school I attended as a child, and my life couldn't be better!
ha sok pnzt akarsz keresni, mg annl is tbbet mint amire most szmtasz s ezrt mindent meg is teszel,
This past week I have been in France, working and composing... my mind is in London and my body is in France in the sunshine walking....
This Saturday I'm working with Dan night in Lewisham Art-house with his Sound Sculptures. I'll be performing and I'm I'm a judge in a composition competition and I'm really looking forward to hearing and working with the entries .
Next week I am to travel to Diamond Light Source in Oxford to work with a on a new commission called Crystal and on the 21st of July I am performing at the ICA a new work called Untitled Lines. This work has a Limited Edition tape cassette release available from entr'acte which will be for sale on the night and available a few days before in the book shop at the ICA.
== Just come back from my first soundcheck for Untitled Lines in the new ICA theatre space . It was good to hear the work in the space , I'm working with quite extreme streams of sound, some are very delicate and some are very robust.
Most of the sound is created from my own voice and I have focused on the concept of recording with domestic objects ie my iphone. Through domestication, lines of song and rythym emerge in alternating harmonic and melodic platforms.
I'm working at Diamond Light Source in Oxford at the moment collecting audio and looking at spectrums for my new work 'Crystal'. Diamond is an amazing place of cutting edge technology scientists and synchrotron technology.
But for now it is the last push for the 21st at the ICA . I will be working with a great sound system and performing a new work called Untitled Lines in response to the Pablo Bronstein exhibition.I love this feeling just before performances , I have excited nerves...
Thank you to everyone that was involved in the event tonight, it was very special and a privilege to perform my site Specific work Untitled Lines at the ICA. Thank you to Allon Kay from Entr'acte who published 20 Limited Edition Cassette Tapes of the core music that was manipulated live . These are two works called Drift and Swan.
The lines are untitled as they are moments of liveness between my self the performer and the audience .. moments of expression which can only be captured by physical presence and by being in that space at that time.
All the material was generated from recordings by my iphone a domestic recording device. The recordings are of my voice and two environmental recordings of wind and the sea. This work is a site specific work in response to Pablo Bronstein's Sketches for Regency Living. It was performed in the Regency Box theatre space of the ICA.
Thank you for the work done by Marta and Lilli , Jamie , Allon ,the sound crew , Yev , Andi and Will and my audience, It was a real pleasure.
Big big week ahead and looking forward to an exciting weekend of music performance and very very good sound. The entracte tape cassette of Untitled Lines was released last week for the performance.
Getting ready to work with my Diamond Light Source sounds in Bangor Electro Acoustic Studio's next week and again will write some more about that later...
I am playing with the group Asteroid ... Its going to be a great sound with a smashing line up of players ... a free improvisation collective that rotates with every performance.
This publication is a set of chapters associated jointly by means of a logical framework geared toward exploring the fashionable position of the dimension technological know-how in either the technically so much complex functions and in daily life
The sphere of electric dimension maintains to develop, with new strategies built every year. From the elemental thermocouple to state of the art digital instrumentation, it's also turning into an more and more "digital" undertaking. Books that try to catch the cutting-edge in electric size are speedy outmoded.
Excessive intake of alcohol, certain drugs and local radiation therapy can also decrease and/or delay hepatic regenerative activity. Implicated medications include actinomycin, cyclo-heximide, tamoxifen, colchicine and indomethacin. Thus, the correction of the above factors might potentially enhance hepatic regeneration, were that the therapeutic objective. The third option, limiting hepatic functional activities and, thereby, increasing the amount of ATP available for proliferative activity, represents a high risk proposition that must be carefully studied in animal models before being attempted in humans. Nevertheless, the use of an antimetabolite medication, such as propylthiouracil, might be beneficial.
On the other hand, it is also possible that attenuated hepatic regeneration following extensive resections and/or advanced liver disease is potentially harmful and should be corrected to improve survival. This might be particularly true if the critical mass of viable hepatocytes required for survival no longer exists. Were this the case, the therapeutic options to be considered include: augmenting growth promoters; negating the effects of growth inhibitors; and suppressing hepatic functional demands. To date, the value of growth factor and cytokine administration has not been clearly established in the setting of liver failure. This is not surprising because high concentrations of growth factors have already been documented in experimental animals and humans with advanced liver disease. Moreover, the biological half-lives of these agents tend to []
Thus, attenuated or submaximal hepatic regenerative activity may represent an inherent attempt to limit the amount of ATP being applied to proliferative activity to maintain an essential amount of hepatic function. Were that the case, what therapeutic options should be considered beyond supportive measures and, for those who are candidates, liver transplantation? The intervention that makes most theoretical sense is to increase energy delivery and/or availability to the liver, thereby allowing both proliferative activity and metabolic function to proceed as required. That might be achieved by: optimizing oxygen delivery to the liver (maintaining high partial pressures of oxygen, adequate hemoglobin levels, and hepatic blood flow); providing adenosine, S-adenosyl-methionine or other precursors required for ATP synthesis; direct infusions of ATP into the systemic circulation; and in []
More clinically relevant are cases of extensive hepatic resections in healthy patients, more limited resections in patients with cirrhosis, and fulminant hepatic failure. In these cases, more than 70% (and often 90%) of the liver has been resected or destroyed. Here, the key question is whether the attenuated hepatic regenerative activity that exists in these settings is protective or harmful. To properly address this question, it must be noted that hepatocytes require energy for the maintenance of hepatic and systemic homeostasis. Some of the more energy consuming activities in the liver include: carbohydrate, fat and protein metabolism; clearance and metabolism of hormones, neurotransmitters and toxins; and excretion of endogenous and exogenous products and metabolites. For the most part, these energy requirements are met by using []
Hepatic regeneration following surgical resections or injury involving less than 70% of total liver mass proceeds uneventfully until restitution of the original liver mass is complete, often within three to six months in an otherwise healthy human liver. Rates of regenerative activity are proportional to the regenerative stimulus until 70% of the liver has been resected or destroyed. Thereafter, there is a precipitous decline (but not to baseline levels) in regenerative activity despite increased stimulation.
If loss of an inhibitory cytokine is responsible for priming hepa-tocytes to enter the cell cycle, the cytokine most likely to be involved is TGF-P1. TGF-P1 is a member of the multifunctional TGFP superfamily that is synthesized by hepatic stellate cells, macrophages, lymphocytes, platelets and bile duct epithelial cells. It produces changes in transcriptional activity by activating the Smad intracellular signaling cascade and TFs, SP1, and p53. In vitro studies have demonstrated that the addition of TGF-P1 to primary hepatocyte cultures results in cessation of hepatocyte proliferation. In vivo, TGF-P1 expression is attenuated first in the periportal region of the lobule and then in a wave-like pattern towards the pericentral region (preceding hepatocyte mitosis). TGF-P1 receptors are also downregulated during the early regenerative period, rendering []
Continue reading " Hepatic regeneration: PRIMING FACTORS (Decrease in growth factor inhibitory cytokines/factors) "
The growth-promoting cytokines that have attracted the most interest in explaining hepatocyte entry into the cell cycle are tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-a) and IL-6. TNF-a is released by non-parenchymal cells in response to inflammatory activity and the generation of reactive oxygen species (ROS). That TNF-a might play an important role in initiating the regenerative process is suggested by data indicating that TNF- antibodies inhibit DNA synthesis following partial hepatectomy and abrogate early TF activation. Moreover, mice with TNF-a receptor deficiencies do not regenerate their livers following partial hepatectomy. Increased TNF-a activity also induces nonparenchymal cells to release the other important regenerative cytokine, IL-6. IL-6 is a downstream mediator of TNF-a, as injections of IL-6 in TNF-a receptor-deficient mice restore hepatic regenerative activity to normal.
Continue reading " Hepatic regeneration: PRIMING FACTORS (Increase in growth-promoting cytokines/factors) "
Increases in hepatic flow cause an increase in endothelial cell shear stress, which in turn results in increased nitric oxide synthesis. High nitric oxide levels activate specific cytokines and transcription factors known to play an early role in the regenerative process. While there are many proponents of this theory, the principle arguments against it stem from early studies wherein it was demonstrated that: proliferative activity can occur without increases in and, indeed, in the absence of portal venous blood flow; the extent of proliferative activity in the liver is significantly less than would be predicted following arterialization of the portal venous system; non-parenchymal cells tend not to proliferate following experiments designed to enhance hepatic blood flow; and in carbon tetrachloride-induced liver injury, regeneration occurs but []
What remains the Holy Grail of hepatic regeneration is the identity of the factor(s) responsible for priming quiescent hepatocytes to enter the cell cycle. Leading candidates include: changes in the electrical charges or potential differences across hepatocyte membranes; increases in remnant liver blood flow; destruction of the liver matrix; release (or increased expression) of growth promoting cytokines/factors; and loss (or decreased expression) of growth-inhibiting cytokines/factors.
The growth inhibitors most often cited as influencing priming and/or G1/S transition are TGF-P, Rb, p27, p16, GADD45, p53, p21 and activin. If cellular or DNA abnormalities are detected, these regulatory factors, and p53 in particular, exert sufficient inhibitory effects to prevent cell progression through the restriction point. If, on the other hand, no such abnormalities exist, growth promoters predominate and progression ensues. The actual progression of cells through the cell cycle occurs as a result of activation of cycle dependent kinases (CDKs). CDKs are enzymes consisting of a labile, structural protein and a more stable kinase. A series of CDKs (CDK4/6, CDK2, and CDC2) are activated as the cell progresses through different stages of the cell cycle and each binds to a succession of []
Welcome to Calabria! Chesterfields award-winning Italian restaurant at Glumangate, home to many of Chesterfield's professionals and long established businesses. Calabria by day is open early for a variety of breakfast options, great coffee and for those dashing to work, a range of take away items. This all day caff bar and restaurant offers fantastic wines, cold beers and a tasty selection of lunchtime dishes. Calabria by night serves a contemporary a la carte menu six nights a week. An event calendar provides ample mid-week opportunity to enjoy our food too. Special dietary requirements are accommodated and there are always a number of dishes available which are not published on the menu. Voted Derbyshire Food & Drink Awards, Best International Restaurant 2011 Voted Derbyshire Times, Best Team of the year 2012 More information at www.calabriacucina.co.uk
Welcome to Kathmandu Gurkha Restaurant. Located in the heart of Clay Cross, Chesterfield. This 70 seater restaurant is run by an Ex-British Army Gurkha Soldier, Mr. Prem Bahadur Malla, 2nd Royal Gurka Rifles. Please feel free to explore our site to get a glimspe of what we have to offer and also discover some interesting facts about our historic past. With the intention of introducing Authentic Nepalese cuisine to the people of Derbyshire, you can be certain that your needs will be catered for by our wonderful staff. Whether its an intimate dinner for a couple, a family gathering, business meal or a party booking, is the perfect venue for your memorable event. Exemplary cooking by our award winning chef Mr. Bishnu, contemporary decor and warm ambience will create the perfect setting for you to experience the finest Nepalese cuisine Clay Cross has to offer More information at www.kathmandugurkha.co.uk
The cooking at The Old Post Restaurant is light and modern, with an emphasis on clean flavours and seasonal ingredients. More information at www.theoldpostrestaurant.com
A warm and friendly welcome awaits you at this award winning hotel & restaurant on the edge of the Peak District. Situated in a quiet rural area, this 18th Century converted mill is an ideal location for visiting the Peak Park & Derbyshire District. In easy travelling distance to many Peak Park attractions including Chatsworth Estate, Haddon & Hardwick Hall, Bakewell, Boslover Castle and the historic market town of Chesterfield making this hotel the ideal gateway to the Peak District. More information at http://batemansmillhotel.co.uk
The restaurant is divided into three zones, the first being the elegant Thai House 'Baan Thai which represents the traditional Thai houses of the Chakri period which still adorn Bangkok today. The area has wooden wall panelling embellished with intricately embroidered pictures of traditional Thai dancers. The Thai Pavilion is a sunken seating area; guests can sit on comfortable handmade cushions and dine in the style of the North. The Garden Zone was inspired by the North East of Thailand and is decorated with bamboo trees to recreate the many bamboo forests of the region with sculptures influenced by Khmer art in the Thawaravadi period. The waiting area is fashioned like a beach from the South, where guests can relax while waiting to be seated. More information at www.siampalacethairestaurant.co.uk
Koo Coffee & Bistro 475a Chatsworth Road, Chesterfield S40 3AD Tel 01246 205604 Welcome to Koo Coffee, we are a small unique Coffee & Bistro bar situated in the increasingly popular western district of Chesterfield, Derbyshire. We're just a 10 minutes drive from Chatsworth House and the Peak District More information at http://www.koocoffeeanddeli.co.uk
At The Market Pub we are committed to providing our customers with the very best experience. We have 9 hand pumps with a wide range of real ales, real cider & perry. Come and enjoy our seasonal, locally sourced, home-cooked food. We have over 100 wines & fine wines and 50 Malt whiskies to choose from. We regularly hold tastings for our customers, so come along and join in at one of Derbyshires best pubs. More information at http://themarketpub.co.uk
Traditional table service We place your comfort and enjoyment at the top of our priorities. Providing old fashioned table service, our table staff combine professionalism with enthusiasm and a passion for their work. More information at www.thesoulvillesteakhouse.com
Settlement of International Disputes on the environment: Defect of the Existing Mechanisms and Solutions
My decision to start writing came late in life. I was 50, a half-century in age, when I decided to throw all caution to the wind and start writing with purpose. Recognizing my age and eventual mortality, time wasnt on  Continue reading 
Posted in On Writing	| Tagged advice for new writers, Anne Lamott, bird by bird, books on writing, Kirk Jockell, on writing, Stephen King	| Leave a comment
Each book is made up of episodes that connect to a larger story. The final book in the Stool 17 series was released May 2017. If you ask him if its best to read them in order, he would say, Yeah! I have a yacht payment due. But more importantly, each volume builds upon the others.
From two projects on humanization of work, the article presents points on power and subjectivity. Each in their own way, the projects deal with transformation of monotonous work in industry. The first one has a mostly negative angle showing obstacles and barriers to change. Although wishes for change are expressed in interviews and group discussions with workers, the potentials are held back and obscured by resistance and defence mechanisms. The second project, on the other hand, giving the workers more autonomy, mainly has a positive angle showing human resources and experiences of progress. Although the progressive side is the predominant one, it does not conceal the difficulties and conflicts. Therefore, both projects point towards dialectics between potentials for change and barriers against change on the shop floor. They show contradictions and conflicts, when processes of change interfere with the established cultures and structures of power. The article argues that orientations and experiences of work are compound and even contradictory. What is exposed by the workers in projects or investigations of change, depends on the methods, the ways of cooperation and the perspective of change. Comparing the two cases, only the democratic one showed potentials for radical innovations.
Women, the law and the workplace. Vol. 3. Locating the role of labor politics within feminism in the late twentieth century af (red.)Sybil Lilpschultz
Bringing together legal rulings and commentary, this three-volume collection documents the development of legal protections for women in the workplace. The comprehensive coverage encompasses the major legal and constitutional issues, including debates over minimum wage legislation, issues of gender equality versus gender difference, maternity leave, health hazards in the workplace for pregnant women, and other vital topics. This set will become an essential guide for students and scholars, as well as lay readers.
Williams, Wendy, et al., of counsel. Brief Amici Curiae of the National Organization for Women; NOW Legal Defense and Education Fund; National Bar Association-Women Lawyers' Division, Washington Area Chapter; National Women's Law Center; Women's Law Project; and Women's Legal Defense Fund in Support of Neither Party in California Federal Savings and Loan v. Guerra. (1985).
Vogel, Lise. Debating Difference: Feminism, Pregnancy, and the Workplace. Feminist Studies 16 (1990)
Pumpkin season is officially dead to us until next year, which means it's peppermint and hot chocolate time! Target knows what's up, as they are carrying Hot Cocoa M&Ms starting in November. And not only are they carrying them no other store is.
Target dropped the chocolate-y news at their 2018 holiday preview last week, alongside the revelations that are Ghirardelli Toffee Cookie Crunch, Lindt Snickerdoodle, Reeses Santas Helpers, and Dove Hot Cocoa (all things that will also exclusively be carried at Target this year).
Back to the matter at hand, though: the M&Ms. Turns out M&Ms that are hot cocoa-flavored are milk chocolate, as usual, but they also have a white chocolate marshmallow-flavored center. The bag you see above contains both brown and white M&Ms, both of which are marshmallow-white when you bite into them.
Not that you bite M&Ms into halves before eating them, right? That would be weird. Like, far be it from me to judge your M&M-eating ways, but that would be entirely weird. But whatever.
A Part of Hearst Digital Media GolfHr participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are giving consent to cookies being used. For information on cookies and how you can disable them visit our Privacy and Cookie Policy.
> Industry Clusters > Data Trends by Region > Statewide > Southeast > Southwest > South Central > North Central
For those of you traveling from out-of-town, weve been able to get some information on discounted hotel rooms. We thought that having the option to stay overnight in either Coffeyville or Independence will help you be rested and ready for the activities of May 1. To set up your incentive, please email Jim Correll at jcorrell@indycc.edu or call at 620-252-5349.
Located at sought-after Yonge and Eglinton, the Plaza Midtown represents the best of both worlds  efficient and well connected with access anywhere in the city, yet completely self-contained, an enclave unto itself. Its a neighbourhood rapidly evolving into the future. Two buildings on one site leveraging existing structures, the Plaza Midtown declares ownership of midtown Toronto, a reflection of Eglintons uniquely piecemeal history, evolving organically to suit the influx of area inhabitants. This is the new midtown. This is Plaza Midtown.
Nature lovers, rejoice. The Yonge and Eglinton neighbourhood has something for every outdoor enthusiast and fitness fanatic. When it comes to shopping, there is a fine line between "want" and "need". This area provides a retail experience unlike any other, with virtually everything you want/need, all within walking distance. Furthermore, some of the city's top-ranked public and private schools are in this neighbourhood.
Plaza Midtown Condos is a condo and townhouse development by Plaza in preconstruction at 33 Holly Street, Toronto. With a Walk Score of 98, Yonge and Eglinton's impressive daily foot traffic tops an estimate 80,000 pedestrians daily - rivalled only by Toronto's Yonge and Dundas Square. It is already a walker's paradise, but soon, with the imminent Crosstown LRT, the intersection will be even more accessible than ever before. By foot, by train, by car - you decide.
Please Ask us Your Question by Filling Out This Form. You will Receive an Answer to Your Question at the First Opportunity We have to Reply. We Appreciate the Time you have Taken.
The data contained on these pages is provided purely for reference purposes. Due care has been exercised to ensure that the statements contained here are fully accurate, but no liability exists for the misuse of any data, information, facts, figures, or any other elements; as well as for any errors, omissions, deficiencies, defects, or typos in the content of all pre-sale and pre-construction projects content. All floor plans dimensions, specifications and drawings are approximate and actual square footage may vary from the stated floor plan. The operators of these web pages do not directly represent the builders. E&OE.
By agreeing to Terms of Use, you will have ability to search up to 17142 listings and access to richer information than found on REALTOR.ca through my website.
By registering you will have ability to search certain MLS listing data and access to richer information than found on REALTOR.ca through my website.
The biggest unknown for this trip was the weather. Luckily the wind was in our favor most of the way, and we were even treated to one full day of blue skies. This was the evening as the clouds receded, and even allowed us to enjoy the midnight sun. #lofoten #norway #paddlingmixtape  KAYAK HIPSTER
The biggest unknown for this trip was the weather. Luckily the wind was in our favor most of the way, and we were even treated to one full day of blue skies. This was the evening as the clouds receded, and even allowed us to enjoy the midnight sun. #lofoten #norway #paddlingmixtape
Dr. Prabha Kotiswaran is a lecturer at the School of Law at the School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London. She has an S.J.D. and LL.M. from Harvard Law School and a B.A., LL.B. (Hons.) from the National Law School of India University, Bangalore, India.
Roopa Madhav, currently a Research Fellow at IELRC, holds an LLM from New York University and a BA/LLB from National Law School of India University , Bangalore. She has been a visiting faculty at the National Law School, has worked with trade unions and was the President and Founder Member of the Alternative Law Forum, Bangalore. Her research interests include labour law, environmental law and human rights.
Kalpana Kannabiran is Professor of Sociology at NALSAR University of Law, Hyderabad, India and founder member of a women's collective, Asmita Resource Centre for Women where she coordinates research and legal outreach for women. She was Chair of RC32 (Women in Society) of the International Sociological Association from 2002-2006 and General Secretary of the Indian Association for Womens Studies in1998-2000. Her areas of specialisation are Sociology of Law, Jurisprudence and Gender Studies. She received the Rockefeller Humanist in Residence Fellowship at Hunter college, CUNY 1992-1993 and VKRV Rao Award for Social Science Research in the field Social Aspects of Law in 2003 from the Indian Council for Social Science Research and the Institute of Social and Economic Change. A contributor to the Economic and Political Weekly and The Hindu, she has co-authored a volume of essays, De-Eroticizing Assault: Essays on Modesty, Honour and Power (Stree, Calcutta, 2002), co-edited Muvalur Ramamirthammal's Web of Deceit: Devadasi Reform in Colonial India (Kali for Women, New Delhi, 2003), edited The Violence of Normal Times: Essays on Women's Lived Realities (Women Unlimited in association with Kali for Women, Delhi, 2005); co-edited The Situated Politics of Belonging (London: Sage, 2006). She is also a contributor to the Routledge International Encyclopaedia on Women and the History of Science, Philosophy and Culture in Indian Civilisation, Volume IX Part 3 (New Delhi: Sage, 2005). Most recently, she has co-edited, Challenging the Rule(s) of Law: Essays on Colonialism, Criminology and Human Rights, Sage, New Delhi, forthcoming 2008. Kalpana was a Member of the Expert Group on the Equal Opportunities Commission, Ministry of Minority Affairs, Government of India in 2007-2008.
Pearson G 2004 'Tradition, law and female suffrage movement in India' in Women's suffrage in Asia: Gender, nationalism and democracy, ed. M Roces and L Edwards, Routledge, London pp. 195-219.
B.A.(Philosophy, Politics and Economics) from Oxford University and Ph.D. in Politics from Princeton University.
He was previously Visiting Professor of Government at Harvard University and Associate Professor of Government and of Social Studies at Harvard. He was also Professor of Philosophy and Law and Governance, JNU. He has published widely in reputed national and international journals in a variety of fields including, political philosophy, intellectual history, constitutional law, international politics, society and politics in India. His most recent book are "The Burdens of Democracy" and "Public Institutions in India: Performance and Design". He has been a prolific contributor to public debates and his columns have regularly appeared in The New Republic, Foreign Policy, The Hindu, Indian Express, Telegraph, Yale Global, and numerous other papers. He has served as Editorial Consultant to the Indian Express. He is co-editor of The Oxford Companion to Politics in India (forthcoming), and serves on the editorial board of numerous journals. He has lectured widely in universities in the United States, Britain, New Zealand, Europe and Japan.
Mehta's current research projects center around four themes. The first is understanding India's Great Transformation, the profound social, political and economic changes of the last two decades, and the trajectory they are likely to take in the future. This will result in a book. The second project looks at the role of law in Indian society. It will specifically focus on the justiciability of social and economic rights, and whether judicial intervention is a good means of achieving those objectives. This project will result in a series of papers. The third project - a collaborative project-related to the first two is on Globalization and the Indian State, that looks at the legitimacy challenges facing the Indian State in an era of globalization. The fourth project continues Mehta's long standing interest in philosophical ethics and explores what it means to lead an examined life. In addition Mehta will continue to perform the role of loyal opposition and engage the public and government through columns on topical issues.
India's Judiciary: The Promise of Uncertainty in P. Mehta and Devesh Kapur (edited) India's Public Institutions (Oxford University Press, 2005)
Ideology in India After the Cold War (with Atul Kohli) in Melzer and Zinman (ed.) The Future of Ideology, Kansas University Press)
Lavanya Rajamani is an Associate Professor at the Centre for Policy Research in New Delhi. She is an international lawyer specializing in environment law and policy. She was previously University Lecturer in Environmental Law and Fellow and Director of Studies in Law at Queens' College, Cambridge. She has a B.C.L and D.Phil. from Oxford where she was a Rhodes Scholar, and an LL.M from Yale.
Rajamani has authored a Monograph on Differential Treatment in International Environmental Law (OUP, 2006) and numerous articles in peer-reviewed journals including the Yearbook of International Environmental Law and the Journal of Environmental Law. In her current research she is exploring ways of further integrating developing countries into international environmental regimes, in particular the climate change regime, and studying national laws and policies in select developing countries (Brazil, China and India) implementing international climate change law. She is also writing a book provisionally titled International Environmental Law in Indian Courts: the Vanishing Line between Rhetoric and Law.
Rajamani has been invited to serve as Director of Studies for the 2008 research session on Implementation of International Environmental Law at the Hague Academy of International Law. She works as a consultant to the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change Secretariat, and has worked with the UNDP, the World Bank, the Alliance of Small Island States, and the International Institute of Sustainable Development. She is associated with the Yale Centre for Environmental Law and Policy, and serves on the editorial board of the Review of European Community and International Environmental Law.
Prabhu Mohapatra teaches history at the University of Delhi. His special interest is in Economic and Social History of Modern India, Migration and Diaspora history and Labour History . His current work centres around the long term pattern of Regulation of Labour relations and labour market in India. In which he explores the entrenchment and enforcement of Contractual relations in India specially in the Labour market and the workplace. Some of his published essays dealing with Law and labour relations are as follows.
Alexander Fischer teaches public law and comparative constitutional law at the School of Law, School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London. He was a Visiting Fellow (2004/2005) at the Centre for Law and Governance, JNU, New Delhi and taught at the South Asia Institute of the University of Heidelberg before shifting to London. Research interests: Constitutional and Comparative Constitutional Law, Constitutional Theory, Federalism, Law and Courts, Law and Politics, Laws of South Asia
Siddharth Narrain is a legal researcher at The Alternative Law Forum, Bangalore. His areas of interest include, sexuality rights, media laws and judicial decisions related to socio-economic rights in India. Mr Narrain has worked s a journalist for Frontline Magazine and The Hindu newspaper in New Delhi, writing extensively on socio-legal and human rights issues. He graduated from the National Law School of India University, Bangalore and the Asian College of Journalism, Chennai.
"Scholarly Discourse and the Cementing of Norms: The Case of the Indian Supreme Court and a Plea for Research." 9 Journal of Appellate Practice and Process, (forthcoming 2008). Click here for full draft text on SSRN.
"Outsourcing and the Globalizing Legal Profession," 48 William and Mary Law Review 2189 (2007). Click here for a full draft text on SSRN. Full text on Lexis and Westlaw.
"Analyzing the Friedman Thesis through a Legal Lens," 81Tulane Law Review 923 (2007). Full text on Lexis and Westlaw.
Lawyering for a Cause and Experiences from Abroad, 94 California Law Review 575 (2006). Click here for full draft text on SSRN. Full text on Lexis and Westlaw.
From the ALI to the ILI: The Efforts to Export an American Legal Institution, 38 Vanderbilt Journal of Transnational Law 1255 (2005). Click here for full draft text on SSRN. Full text on Lexis and Westlaw.
Professor Kingsfield Goes to Delhi: American Academics, the Ford Foundation, and the Development of Legal Education in India, 46 American Journal of Legal History 447 (2004). Full text on Westlaw. Click here for full draft text on SSRN.
"India's Patriot Act: POTA and the Impact on Civil Liberties in the Worlds Largest Democracy," 22 Law and Inequality 265 (2004). Full text on Lexis and Westlaw.
Book Review. Judicial Activism in India: Transgressing Borders and Enforcing Limits, by S.P. Sathe. 13 Law and Politics Book Review (February 2003).
Assistant Professor/Postdoctoral Fellow, Global Histories, Draper Program in Humanities and Social Thought, New York University, 1998-2001.
*Postdoctoral Fellow, Sawyer Seminar The Production of the Past: History in the Making, Columbia University, September 1999-May 2000
*Fellow, International Institute, University of Michigan, Advanced Study Seminar on Violence and Ethics.
Affect, Memory, and Materiality: An Essay on Archival Mediation, (a review essay) Comparative Studies in Society and History (forthcoming Spring 2008)
Problems of Violence, States of Terror: Torture in Colonial India, special issue Discipline and the Other Body, Interventions: Journal of Postcolonial Studies, Vol. 3, No. 1, 2001: 186-205. [reprinted in Economic and Political Weekly, Vol. XXXVI, No. 43, October 27, 2001: 4125-4133; reprinted in Postcolonial Passages. ed.Saurabh Dube. Delhi: Oxford University Press, 2003.]
Discipline and the Other Body: Correction, Corporeality, Colonialism. (co-edited with Steven Pierce), Durham, N.C.: Duke University Press, 2006
Gender and Caste: Contemporary Issues in Indian Feminism, for a series on Indian feminism, guest editor Rajeswari Sunder Rajan, New Delhi: Kali for Women, 2003 (hardback). Paperback published Spring 2005 in India; co-published internationally by Zed Books, Summer 2005.
Co-editor with Shani DCruze, Violence, Vulnerability, and Embodiment, a special issue of Gender and History, Volume 16, Number 3, November 2004.
Co-editor with Steven Pierce, Discipline and the Other Body, Interventions: Journal of Postcolonial Studies, Vol. 3, No. 1, 2001.
Dalit Selfhood and Problem of Representation, Seminar special issue on Dalit Perspectives, February 2006.
Sexuality, and the Family-Form, in a symposium on Marriage, Sexuality, and Community, Economic and Political Weekly, Vol. XL, No. 8, February 19, 2005: 715-718.
Testifying to Violence: Gujarat as a State of Exception? in Elizabeth Castelli and Janet Jakobsen eds. Interventions: Activists and Academics Respond to Violence. (New York: Palgrave and MacMillan, 2004.
Sally Engle Merry is Professor of Anthropology and of Law and Society at New York University. Her work explores the role of law in urban life in the US, in the colonizing process, and in contemporary transnationalism. She is currently doing a comparative, transnational study of human rights and gender. She was previously on the faculty of Wellesley College, where she was the Marion Butler McLean Professor in the History of Ideas and Professor of Anthropology. Her recent books are Colonizing Hawaii: The Cultural Power of Law (Princeton Univ. Press, 2000), which received the 2001 J. Willard Hurst Prize from the Law and Society Association, Human Rights and Gender Violence: Translating International Law into Local Justice (University of Chicago Press, 2006), and The Practice of Human Rights: Tracking Law between the Local and the Global, (co-edited with Mark Goodale; Cambridge University Press, 2007). She has authored or edited four other books: Law and Empire in the Pacific: Hawaii and Fiji (co-edited with Donald Brenneis, School of American Research Press, 2004), The Possibility of Popular Justice: A Case Study of American Community Mediation (co-edited with Neal Milner, Univ. of Michigan Press, 1993), Getting Justice and Getting Even: Legal Consciousness among Working Class Americans (University of Chicago Press, 1990), and Urban Danger: Life in a Neighborhood of Strangers (Temple University Press, 1981). She has recently published articles on women's human rights, violence against women, and the process of localizing human rights. She is past-president of the Law and Society Association and the Association for Political and Legal Anthropology and currently a member of the Executive Boards of the American Anthropological Association and the Law and Society Association.
His areas of interest includes Jurisprudence, Constitutional Law, Administrative Law, Intellectual Property Rights Law, Legal Methods.
 Presently working as Lecturer in Sociology at The West Bengal National University of Juridical Sciences, Kolkata since December 2004. Offering LLB Optional courses on Disability and Law and Law, Culture and Pluralism besides co-teaching Sociology of Law and an LLM course on Law and Social Change
 Visiting Faculty at the M Phil course on Womens Studies in the Womens Studies Research Centre at the University of Calcutta teaching a module on Feminist Methodology since July 2005.
 Resource person at the Administrative Training Institute, Kolkata training government officials on various human rights related issues since 2007
 Presented a paper on Laws relating to Sexual Harassment of Women in Workplaces at the JD Birla Institute, Department of Home Science and Commerce in a Seminar on Emerging issues to Empower Women in October, 2007
 Presented a paper jointly with Prof Ved Kumari of the University of Delhi on Image of Family in Womens Narratives and its interface with Family Law Curriculum at NUJS in August, 2007
 Presented a paper on Silenced Voices in Womens Autobiographies organized by the Womens Studies Unit, JNU, Delhi in April, 2007
 Presented a paper on Women and Partition Narratives: Experiences, Emotions and Expectations at a National Workshop on Womens Histories, Womens Narratives commemorating Lila Majumdars Birth Centenary, organized by Jadavpur University, School of Womens Studies in March 2007
 Presented a paper on Democracy and Gender in a national seminar on Democracy and Democratization organized by Jadavpur University, International Relations Department under the UGC-ASIHSS programme in March 2007
 Presented a paper on Silenced Women, Talking Women: Women Narrating Conflict at the All India Womens Studies (Eastern Region) Conference in February, 2007
 Presented a paper on Integrating Sociology in Law School Curriculum: Discontent, Dilemma, Direction in a Workshop on Mapping Practices in Sociology and Thinking the Role of Social Sciences in India at JNU in January 2007
 Presented a paper on Courtroom Dramas: Juxtaposition of Objective Truths and Empathetic Listening? at the XXXIInd All India Conference of the Indian Sociological Society in Chennai, December 2006
 Presented a paper on Women, Violence and Human Rights in a panel discussion on Status of Women in India at Gokhale Memorial College, Kolkata in December 2006
 Presented a paper on Analysis of the Domestic Violence Act, 2006 in a panel discussion on Protection of Women from Domestic Violence Act organized by Jadavpur University Womens Studies Department in December 2006
 Presented a paper Laws Perception of Sexuality: Morality vs. Objectivity on the Closing Plenary of the IVth International Congress on Folk Law and Legal Pluralism held at the University of Indonesia, Jakarta In June 2006
 Presented a paper at the annual International SHARP Conference on Womens Personal Narratives: Creating Womens History at Jadavpur University in January 2006
 Presented a paper on Sociological Insight into Womens Lives in the Private Sphere at the All India Womens Conference Seminar on Personal Laws and Womens Rights: The Indian Experience in January 2006
 Presented a paper on Sociology in Law Schools: An Emerging Pedagogy at the All India Sociological Conference at Jaipur organized by the Rajasthan Sociological Association in December 2005.
 Presented a paper on the Background and Existing Provisions of the Bengal Vagrancy Act, 1943 as a part of a Workshop on Bengal Vagrancy Act, 1943: Recommendations for Change organized by the Centre for Women and Law, The WB National University of Juridical Sciences and Action Aid InternationalIndia, in November 2005.
 Given a Faculty Seminar at NUJS on Laws and Womens Livesan unbridgeable fissure? Bengali Womens Autobiographies and Social Reform Legislations in the 19th century in August 2005.
 Given a Faculty Seminar at NUJS on Sociology, Criminal Law and Social Order: An Interdisciplinary Perspective in January 2004.
 Presented a paper entitled A Sociological Approach to the legal principles dealing with Persons with Disabilities at a Seminar on Socialisation of Women with Disabilities, organized by Calcutta University, Womens Research Centre and Action Aid, India on 5th December 2003.
 Presented a paper Uniform Civil Code and Gender Just Laws at a Seminar on The Different Personal Laws in India organized by State Commission for Women and National Commission for Women in association with National University of Juridical Sciences at NUJS on the 15th of March 2003.
Involved in a number of training programmes as resource person on issues related to womens rights, rights of persons with disabilities and child rights
Active member of a womens rights group in the city, Nari Nirjatan Pratirodh Mancha (Forum for Oppression against Women) and Maitri, a womens network of NGOs and women activists in West Bengal
The Centre for the Study of Law and Governance [Jawaharlal Nehru University, Delhi] initiated the establishment of the "Law and Social Sciences Research Network" in order to bring together scholars, lawyers and doctoral researchers engaged in research and teaching of issues of law in different social sciences in contemporary South Asian contexts. We believed that the critical work that has emerged from different institutional locations and theoretical frameworks, has yet to find a common forum which can act as a medium for exchange of ideas, work, materials, pedagogies and aspirations for the way law, regulation and society as objects of research as well as sites of praxis have been envisaged variously. The attempt of this network is to create a forum for academics, researchers, and lawyers to interact with each other to find productive conversations with each other as well as enhance these conversations into future directions that law and social sciences scholarship in India might mature into.
LASSnet, anchored at CSLG, seeks to organise a network conference every 2-3 years, collaborate on specific themes with institutions in South Asia, especially, take the idea of publishing a series of volumes on these themes seriously as well as initiating reading groups/work in progress meetings.
So far we have organised 3 network conferences in Delhi and Pune in India and one conference in Sri Lanka. We run a LASSnet Delhi Chapter which meets once in two months allowing researchers to present their ongoing work. We have also started a reading group, LASS Readings.
We would be delighted if you were to send us names and emails of those you think might want to join this network. We hope that people will also share their work, and ideas.
CSLG also has a library that has put together important texts on law and social science scholarship. This network could use the archives at CSLG meaningfully as well as enhance it. If you would like to be part of LASSnet, please send your contact details and short bio to lassnet@gmail.com
We began by noting that law is conventionally taught and practiced, in South Asia (though not only there) by treating it as an autonomous and self-sufficient phenomenon. The doctrinal researchers regard law as autonomous and believe it is capable of giving an account of itself. The law also tends to be narrowly conceived as what judges, legislators, or the police do  ignoring the diffuse structures of power and governance, and practices of regulation, normalisation, and biopolitics that penetrate bodies and condition behaviour.
The notion that law is autonomous (legal formalism or legal positivism) has been subjected to sustained challenge over many decades by scholars who draw on social science methodologies, as well as by the law and literature movement, and by activists who constantly challenge the positivist image of law. Broadly conceived, these scholars seek to explain law as a social, anthropological, historical, and economic artefact which should be understood and studied as such. This implies also that we trace the genealogies of categories which inform law, and the images and imaginings of law in contemporary social science theory. All this suggests that the law is not confined to state law or the appellate judiciary. Not only it remains a fact that state law remains inherently plural; it interacts with plural regimes of customariness. We wish to understand how forms of state and non-state law mutually constitute each other and how they relate to different structures of power and techniques of violence.
Methods and techniques drawn from the social sciences are central to understanding the market, legal structures, regulation and statecraft in the era of globalisation. In mapping the field of law and social sciences, we interrogate the place of law and economics in the larger context of the scripting of the transformation of legal and regulatory regimes. We recognise that while regulation has emerged as a field in conversation with the discipline of economics, there is very little work which details the intersection of regulation with law. Moreover, the conversations between regulators and lawyers do not seem to be informed by social science frameworks and methodologies. The Law and Social Sciences Network (LASS) reflects the interests of those scholars who wish to engage with interdisciplinary research on the transformation of legal and regulatory regimes from varying empirical and theoretical viewpoints.
LASS recognises that much scholarship informed by the social sciences in South Asia has been engaged with social movements and forms of activism which have challenged laws power to deny, censor, hurt, humiliate and kill. The engagement with this politics of hurt has led to many passionate debates about the place of law in our work and in our politics. Yet in South Asia, the research, teaching and practice of law that draws on the social sciences has been relegated to the margins, and radical activist engagement with law devalued by official discourses of judicial reform. LASS invites reflexive engagements from scholars and activists about the relationship between law and social movements.
The Law and Social Sciences Network (LASS) was constituted to map the field of Law and Social Sciences in South Asia. Its objective is to bring together academics, lawyers and researchers engaged in innovative legal research in South Asia which employs social science methodologies. Building on existing conversations, LASS hopes to stimulate the development of further research into the links between knowledge production, techniques of government, and the ever transforming interdependencies of power, law, and resistance. LASS promotes an examination of how law and/or regulation is constituted as an object of study, and an interrogation of the conditions of its truth claims.
LASS may or may not necessarily inhabit the intellectual and political zones of comfort or of distress created by the habitus of postmodern jurisprudence. We invite critical engagement with the global travels of mainstream networks of Law and Economics, Law and Society or Critical Legal Studies, by providing a sustained critique of the fascination of progressive Eurocentric scholarship for South Asian law, economy and society studies.
LASS may equally turn its attention to the precious and precocious critiques of the dark side of [European] modernity which rarely attend to the histories of colonization and the Cold War as these have affected South Asia
We remain sensitive to the fact that the very expression South Asia embodies forms of epistemic geopolitical imperialism. LASS remains particularly anxious concerning this essentialization of identity and by the same token resists its translation into an area studies. Further, it needs saying that some new geopolitics is now in the making. LASS thus calls for an appreciation of the histories of diversity and plurality, within which inescapably new traditions of law/society/humanities tradition of discourse may be further re-imagined. What purchase this may constitute for the tradition of the distinctive European post-Enlightenment critical legal studies tradition is an important thematic inviting further dialogical/discursive fellowships of juristic learning.
These methodological challenges are suggested with a view to inviting their further elaboration. Contributors should be mindful of these methodological concerns as they address issues in the following more specific settings. In particular, papers, panels, and presentations were invited on:
 Constitutionalism, rights and regulation. Has the discourse on constitutionalism met new challenges in relation to changing statecraft, international law, or human rights in South Asia? How does regulation intersect with rights discourses? How do pictures of the written and unwritten scripts of constitutional law circulate in different sites of law and life?
 Languages of Power and of Resistance. What literary and visual representations of the law and resistance to law exist in the South Asian region? In what ways, the 'poetics' tend to subvert politics? Herein we signal the problematic of the multiplicity of the official languages and the politics of translation. How does the politics of resistance constitute the fields of law, creativity and collective action? What are the trajectories that turn the public domain inside out and force new sensibilities and new paradigms that foreground a different understanding of justice?
 The politics of law and judicial reform. What is the politics of law and judicial reform? How are histories of such reform to be archived and evaluated? How do different forms of representations [such as the media or those emanating from social movements] engage with projects of law reform? Do contemporary engagements with reform and resistance benefit with tracing the genealogy of categories, and discursive shifts which create new forms of subjection and subjectivities?
 Colonial and Postcolonial Imaginations of the Law: The challenges by legal historians and postcolonial theorists in thinking through law and social forms have led to a rich body of literature on law and society in South Asian contexts. We invite contributions interrogating colonial as well as neo-imperial formations of law, governance, and regulation. This panel retains an interest in the contestations on laws past as these relate to the constitution of the nation-state, and reflections on the impact of history in the reconstitution of law as an object of study.
 The practices of governance in relation to environment, health and sexuality. What are the processes of govermentality which sanitise, medicalise or pathologise some forms of life? What form of regulatory power inhabits the constitution of waste and how does it participate in the formation of public aesthetics? How is the body encountered in public or administrative law? Is gender/sexual orientation/disability a site of recognition that allows us to critique the manifold elisions in the body of the law?
 Technology, Life and the Law. The relationship between science, technology, the body and resources are mediated by the state-corporation alliances in a globalised era. What are the ways in which we may interrogate the deployment of technology to control bodies and life forms, and the regulation of both life and technology through law?
 Technosciences, Environment, Risk and Regulation: How have human rights and social movement discourses pursued this relationship? What images of a risk society remain constitutionally legitimate? Are these ideas revisited in the context of the environmental contemporary discourses, such as the global discourse on climate change?
 Property in different domains of law and life. What are the new challenges faced today in thinking through property rights and discourses? What are some new forms of property emerging through new phases of economic reform? What futures one may envisage for agrarian reforms? What kinds if new property stand invested, particularly in relation to the changing regimes of intellectual property rights in South Asia?
 Labour rights, livelihoods and mass displacement of peoples in contemporary contexts of globalisation. What is the relationship between law and regimes of impoverishment in South Asia? In particular, how may globalization affect constitutionally mandated visions of development as most benefiting the worst-off peoples? As concerns workers rights, what legacies may we derive from the histories and narratives of working class movements in South Asia? How may we read these alongside with the globalizationinduced programs aimed at creation of flexible labour markets?
 Social suffering and political violence. This has multiple dimensions not fully exhausted by the figure of the detainee, torture and disappearance; forms of collective violence and atrocities in everyday and collective contexts; and the modalities of capital punishment and custodial violence have elicited critical research. How is the everyday conceptualised in these contexts? Beyond, and related to this, remains the question of the reproduction of foundational violence of the law. This emerges of course in the context of India-Pakistan partition; yet it also emerges equally fiercely, for example, in Afghanistan, the erstwhile Tibet, and Burma. This conference invites full attention to the postcolonial nacropolitics (to deploy here the phrase-regime of Mbembe).
 Terror, Law and Biopolitics: What is the relation between terror, law and bio-politics? Or what would constitute the jurisprudence of emergency or exception in South Asia today? Put another way, we need to explore fully the law-society relationship between the pre and post 9/11 forms of wars of, and wars against terror. How may have the South Asian studies tradition, at all, addressed terror?
 Movements of autonomy and secession: The South Asian experience remains marked by constitutional and extra-constitutional insurgencies. How has the construction of the political been conceptualized and narrated in law and society studies tradition in the region? How does militarization of protest and of governance proceed to reproduce new forms of bare life?
The Steering Group particularly welcomed the submission of pre-formed panel proposals. Individual proposals were welcome, as were proposals for full panels. Papers were also considered on any related theme.
500 word abstracts weresubmitted no later than 15th June, 2008. 500 word abstracts were submitted to Pratiksha Baxi at lassnet@gmail.com; abstracts were in Word, WordPerfect, or RTF formats, following this order: author(s), affiliation, email address, title of abstract, body of abstract. We got back to you within 8 weeks. If an abstract was accepted for the conference, a full draft paper was submitted to the conference secretariat and distributed to the discussant and fellow panel members no later than 01 December 2008.
The maximum duration of individual presentations within each panel was 20 minutes. The abstracts are hosted at http://www.lassnet.org/
If you wish to join LASSnet, please write to lassnet@gmail.com, with a short bio introducing yourself.
 Patient preference survey on the lack of taste and odor of Nasonex nasal spray. Which impact on compliance to treatment?
 Reconstruction of a transfixing partial loss of substance from the wing of nose with the upper pedicled nasolabial flap
 New potentialities of the hearing aids: The frequential transposition in high frequencies sensorineural hearing losses
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accetta Leggi di pi
Bernville's best 100% free black dating site hook up with sexy black singles in bernville, pennsylvania, with our free dating personal ads mingle2com is full of hot black guys and girls in bernville looking for love, sex, friendship, or a friday night date. Uploaded photos are reviewed by moderator we reserve the right to reject any photo at our discretion please use jpg files there is no limit to actual dimensions of the image that can be uploaded. Bernville is a borough in berks county, pennsylvania, united states the population was 955 at the 2010 census bernville is bordered by penn township to the north, east, and south and by jefferson township to the west. See & monitor all background info that's public on anyone we'll show you all background information, personal reviews and other details from government records and proprietary sources across the web, plus alert you to changes. Tulpehocken high school bernville, pa usa thursday september 27, 2018 1967: home we are one of the premier social networking sites dating back to 2003 we are a small, family-owned business and yet freely host over a million class websites our story.
Swirlr - the dating site for the new multi cultural world date different to find love where you may of least expected. Find local listings of businesses and services near you get driving directions, reviews and ratings, phone numbers, addresses and more on localcom. Bernville's best free dating site 100% free online dating for bernville singles at mingle2com our free personal ads are full of single women and men in bernville looking for serious relationships, a little online flirtation, or new friends to go out with.
Find the best bernville, pa ski resorts on superpages we have multiple consumer reviews, photos and opening hours. Paid dating sites can end up costing you hundreds of dollars a year without a single date if you are looking for free online dating in bernville than sign up right now over 1,500,000 daters login every day to plentyoffishcom, we are the market leader in canada, uk, australia,. Meetville is a dating site, which will help you to meet the local single in pennsylvania, united states, searching in thousands of single people looking for each other online to build successful, long-lasting and happy relationship. Online dating in bernville for free the only 100% free online dating site for dating, love, relationships and friendship register here and chat with other bernville singles. Bernville is a borough in berks county, pennsylvania, united statesthe population was 955 at the 2010 censusbernville is bordered by penn township to the north, east, and south and by jefferson township to the west.
Someone you can love is nearby browse profiles & photos of singles in bernville, pa join matchcom, the leader in online dating with more dates, more relationships and more marriages than any other dating site. The moravian church, formally named the unitas fratrum (latin for unity of the brethren), in german known as [herrnhuter] brdergemeine (meaning brethren's congregation from herrnhut, the place of the church's renewal in the 18th century), is one of the oldest protestant denominations in the world, with its heritage dating back to the. Trulia helps you discover the perfect home and neighborhood for your lifestyle to buy or rent get an authentic feel of what its like to live there with crowdsourced local insights, 34 neighborhood map overlays, and local stories and photos browse updated mls listings with robust search filters, easily plan open houses, and customize instant alerts to stay ahead of the real estate market.
Asian friendly is the best free asian dating site that enables you to browse profiles, send messages, chat and date in asia. The south bernville covered bridge, 18491938, crossed near the south bernville hotel (aka, newport hotel) main street was created in 1819 and has numerous buildings dating back to the nineteenth century, including the cyrus g blatt home (501-503 n main), the eagle hotel (301 n main) and the joseph b conrad home (219 n main. This historic site is set upon a hill, and the graves are primarily from the german families who first settled in the area of bernville, berks county, pennsylvania the original church dated to 1736, and was one of the first 30 german reformed churches in pennsylvania.
Description for 10 cabin creek lane bernville, pa 19506 modern kitchen the other is a log home with 2 bedrooms dating back to the 1700's there is also 6-car garage bays property is in clean and green for low taxes some properties which appear for sale on this web site may subsequently have sold or may no longer be available. Airbnb, casa tua, ovunque nel mondo 13 set 2018 - affitta da persone del posto a bernville, pennsylvania a $20 a notte trova alloggi unici per soggiornare con host del posto in 191 paesi. Craigslist provides local classifieds and forums for jobs, housing, for sale, services, local community, and events. Definitions of bernville pennsylvania, synonyms, antonyms, derivatives of bernville pennsylvania, analogical dictionary of bernville pennsylvania (english) main street was created in 1819 and has numerous buildings dating back to the nineteenth century, including the cyrus g blatt blue marsh lake is a popular recreation site, offering.
Free dates, new friends or casual sex dating is just around the corner and we have plenty of testimonials to back that up start meeting people in hazleton, pennsylvania right now by signing up free or browsing through personal ads and choosing which local sexy singles to hookup with. Bernville, pa restaurants bernville, pa restaurants about search results about search results yp - the real yellow pages sm - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria stone home dating. For help with m&t online banking for business, please call 1-800-724-6070 (mon-fri 7am-9pm, sat-sun 9am-5pm et) unauthorized access is prohibited usage may be monitored. Login the site using you username and password click my blog posts from the user menu at the left click add a new post to make a post.
I have the chance to drive this car because my mother wants me to take care of this car at Kampar since at home no one is free to take care of it i.e. wash it every night, vacuum it etc. So, other than Bachelor Degree of Science (HONS) Biotechnology, I am also pursuing Bachelor Degree of Mechanical (HONS) Car Maintainence.
My parents count every single meter for me. Which means, they know how many meters I run during the time me at Kampar. I believe my sister also encounter this problem. For example if I come out from house to UTAR go-return too often then I die. There is once I went Cameron just to buy my FYP flowers and I got &#$(*&#$&%#$&#@@(*&#$* When I drive VIVA, no such thing will happen.
I cannot have a single scar on this car. When I drive this car, I have to be extremely very careful and thus, I cannot show my real ability or skill of driving a car like what I did to Viva last time. T___________T I am so not me. I am a diva of Viva but I am a bird of Vios.
So, I think I am returning back the car to my mother and tell her sorry I cannot take the HEAVY responsibility of taking care of her car. T_________________T
Asteria is an amazing Orana 44 available in Martinica and perfectly located for your sailing holidays among the Caribbean sailing Destinations. On board on the Orana 44 Asteria you can have an amazing sailing vacation in the Caribbean among the splendid island of Saint Lucia with his beautiful coral garden and in the Rodney bay and Marigot bay, and sail towards Mustique and Petit Mayreau with his enchanting Salt Whistle Bay or visit Palm Island and Tobago Cays and Bequia and St Vincent Blue Lagoon: The boat is really amazing: The highly anticipated new Orana 44 replaces one of Fountaine Pajots greatest successes, the Belize 43. Designed by renowned Joubert/Nivelt team, the Orana 44 is ideal for performance ocean sailing or modified for charter operators. Boasting a high degree of comfort, the Orana 44 has a low centre of gravity to afford maximum safety and with a generous 110 square feet of sail area. New manufacturing technologies employed in the vessel include a single piece hull infused with composite partitions and a deckhouse constructed with RTM eco-technology. An innovative sliding bay provides direct open-plan access between the spacious saloon and cockpit, enhancing safety and easy of movement. The ergonomic helm station accommodates three people and groups all navigational manoeuvres together affording excellent visibility above the deckhouse. A sunbathing deck aft of the catamaran features two mattresses with deck-chair style adjustments for optimal comfort. The luminous interior comprises a light and airy kitchen that opens onto the cockpit, a beautiful saloon table that seats eight people with panoramic views, as well as a card table that faces the sea. Each of the four cabins aboard the Orana 44 enjoys its own private bathroom with separate shower. The Orana 44 Cyber is available in Le Marin to take you among the most beautiful places of this corner of the Caribbean to offer you a dreamlike sailing vacation starting form Martinica towards Grenadine Islands or Saint Vincent Islands.
The British Virgin Islands are some of the finest sailing grounds in the world. They are a score of islands just a few miles from one another, with good anchorages and reliable, year-round Tradewinds of ten to twenty knots. And they are exceptionally beautiful too, even by Caribbean standards..
The sailing escape in the Caribbean is famous all over the world. The trade winds provide a fairly reliable source for very enjoyable sailing trips. The relative short distance between islands make the entire region ideal for island hopping during a dreamlike sailing holiday. An escape in the Caribbean today offers far more than the world's best beaches. As the islands have grown into international travel destinations, their individual features and strengths have emerged. Many traditional cultures have been preserved, and the astonishing ecological treasures of the islands are now among their most celebrated features.
The richness of the Corsican landscape makes every attempt to describe very difficult, because there are so many various splendours which come close together or become intermingled between marine blue sky and heavenly horizon ; such as the lofty peaks, valleys worthy of a legend, wild or harmonious gulfs, sheltered inlets, placid or wild beaches, cliffs sculpted by men and spindrift, hillsides cut out for vines and the olive tree.
The numerous islands and cays that make up the Grenadines, are the ideal destination for a sailing escape in the Caribbean, the perfect place for yachting, swimming, diving in the deep blue waters and enjoying the beaches. The islands lie between the Caribbean Sea and Atlantic Ocean and are located north of Grenada and Trinidad and Tobago and south of St. Vincent. All the islands are low-lying, ringed by coral reefs, and famed for some of the best beaches and sailing conditions on the planet. You can glide from island to island in an hour or so in trade winds of 10-25 knots, swimming ashore to a beach bar, watching giant sea turtles and bumping into visitors from all over the world for a drink at sunset.
8. Iosifidis P, Tah J H M, Howes R (1995) An advanced object-oriented architecture for Information exchange through shared objects, Fischer M A, Law K H, Luiten B(ed.); Modelling of buildings through their life-cycle; Stanford, August 1995 http://itc.scix.net/cgi-bin/works/Show?w78-1995-102
Deborah Schifter is an expert in early algebra learning and mathematics education. She leads research, develops instructional resources, and designs professional development that helps teachers enhance their mathematics instruction and ensure...
Deborah Spencers career is distinguished by her drive to help teachers and administrators make thoughtful, informed decisions about mathematics curriculum and instruction. She brings extensive expertise in research and development in mathematics...
Sarah Sword brings extensive expertise in research, mathematics instructional design, and teacher professional development. Currently, she serves as Principal Investigator for Assessing Secondary Teachers Algebraic Habits of Mind, a...
Regan Vidiksis is an early education researcher with extensive experience in advancing effective strategies to promote childrens early science and mathematics learning and support teachers in integrating technology into early childhood settings...
Kevin Waterman brings significant expertise in instructional design, professional development, project management, and R&D. He specializes in the design and testing of innovation approaches to enhancing STEM education.
Mary Wedow, a highly experienced instructional designer, has a strong background in K12 mathematics and science education and out-of-school learning. She also brings significant expertise in designing and delivering high-quality professional...
Jeff Winokur is a nationally recognized expert in designing and delivering science professional development, and has taught pre-service and in-service courses in the teaching of science to children. He has consulted to early childhood programs and...
Education Development Center, Inc. (EDC) is an international nonprofit organization that designs, implements, and evaluates programs to improve education, health, and economic opportunity worldwide. 2012-2017 Education Development Center, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Plot overview and analysis written by an experienced literary critic guide includes a plot summary and brief analysis of pragmatism by william james the primary themes of pragmatism are of truth, meaning, and reality, and the value. On a late september morning in 1891, william james walked reluctantly to his class pragmatism is the enemy of certainty, simplification, and fanaticism in a book he titled the varieties of religious experience: a study in human nature. Peirce claims in his lectures on pragmatism [cp 5196] that if you carefully and pragmatism, the theoretical virtues approach to the evaluation of the point stands in some tension with william james's dictum that on pragmatic principles we we expect that is, in spite of the similar formulations, that for james and. Little over a century ago, william james popularised the philosophy by the pragmatist starts not by examining the nature of principles such as.
Chapter summary for william james's pragmatism, lecture 2 summary find a summary pragmatism | lecture 2 : what pragmatism means | summary share. William james: our father who begat us, book chapter by frank pajares from the book educational lecture two: what pragmatism means also here and see some on the varieties of religious experience: a study of human nature . Prominently inin william william james's james's writings writings on on pragmatism, pragmatism, has rigorously investigated investigated and and defined, defined james james then then offered where the the testing testing out.
Pragmatism is widely described as america's distinctive philosophy speculative thought and analysis, tender-minded and tough-minded peirce, william james and john dewey philosopher william james popularized this ideology. Pragmatism rejects the thought that epistemology is, centrally, the analysis of this is where pragmatism goes a bit odd, because doesn't william james use. Pragmatism is a philosophical tradition that began in the united states around 1870 its origins are often attributed to the philosophers william james, john dewey, john (1929), the quest for certainty: a study of the relation of knowledge.
It also assays the overall benefits and shortcomings of pragmatic analysis, both as a tool for philosophical pragmatism, as initially articulated by william james and other early what, in short, is the truth's cash-value in experiential terms. On william james's the will to believe, and continuing our discussion for partially examined pragmatism faith and look under albums. Charles pierce, william james and truth as a property of our best beliefs: the she is the author of cambridge pragmatism: from peirce and james to ramsey connected to our practices of enquiry, action and evaluation. Author:william james author index: ja, william james varieties of religious experience: a study in human nature (1902) pragmatism: a new the meaning of truth: a sequel to pragmatism (1909) external scan.
An examination of peirce's initial statement of pragmatism is followed by a the changing position of william james is then followed through magazine articles. 1908, pragmatism in general and william james' theory of truth in particular came materialist philosophy, that is, against biological and social determinism that analysis of dewey's thought, breaks with the chronological perspective of the. When william james published a series of lectures on 'pragmatism: a new and the examination of our beliefs is guided by reflection on. In the opening chapter of his pragmatism, william james characterizes his by an analysis of the contributions of john dewey to american pragmatic thought or it is nothing whereas james is notoriously pragmatism's great exponent of.
Relation between idealism and pragmatism by examining the importance of the french idealist charles renouvier for the development of william james's 'will. Pure experience, the response to william james: an introduction is devoted to this analysis and there is no better way to make the point than to quote after first enunciating the pragmatic idea before the philosophical union at berkeley. (artha-anartha-vivecana) is the central task of his philosophical project reason, he about this, for william james himself insisted that pragmatism is a new 23 william james, the varieties of religious experience a study in human. In addition to his treatment of habit, which is widely recognised as contributing to james' incisive and insightful analysis of these and related key words: pragmatism, william james, emotions, habit, choice, rationality,.
Launching into a detailed examination of the classical pragmatists peirce, william james, of course, sought to define pragmatism, as he saw it, in his replies. Keywords: pragmatism, william james, personal construct theory constructivist scholars an examination of james' explication of pragmatism, however of the universe, human knowledge, the meaning of 'truth,' emotion. This task is interesting from the perspective of both james scholarship and the ongoing re-evaluation and critical transformation of the pragmatist tradition.
Consult legal status of real estate transactions, procedures of title transfer, separation and merger
Tam Anh Law Firm was founded on 19th June, 2013 and licensed by Hanoi Department of Justice, registered at No.112, An Trach Stret, Cat Linh ward, Hanoi. Our transaction office: 4th floor, No.25 Van Bao Street, Ba Dinh District, Hanoi.
TALAW was established by dedicated and experienced lawyers with our operational criteria to put MIND on the top. The Director of the Company is lawyer Nguyen Huy Ngat, the former Head of International Cooperation Department, Ministry of Justice, the coordinator of judicial activities from United Nations, European Union and other international organizations. He was trained at Kishinhop Synthetic University (former Soviet Union).
Lawyers of the company are, at present, participating in Hanoi Bar Association and also members of Vietnam Bar Federation.
Tam Anh Law Firm specializes in providing various legal consultation including foreign investment, consultancy in civil, trade, labor, family marriage, intellectual property, banking, financial projects, real estate, construction and tax services. Moreover, we also take part in litigation of criminal and civil cases as well as business legal consultancy.
Lawyers and senior specialists of Tam Anh Law Firm are fluent in foreign languages such as English, German, French and Russian and some others. Our experts have worked for a long time in some Vietnamese Ministries, branches, judicial agencies and famous law firms as well as researched and studied for many years in advanced countries. Moreover, our young lawyers and officers are also active and trained basically to inherit achievements and experience of the generation who created Tam Anh Law Firm.
Tam Anh Law Firm has always consolidated our organizational structure to become one of the most reputable law firms in Vietnam. Expanding the number of lawyers who are good at their specialities and comply with professional ethics is our long-term development orientation.
Lawyers of Tam Anh Law Firm are willing to serve their whole lives for justice, make contribution to enhance the position of lawyers in the society, support the poor and policy beneficiaries free in laws.
Tam Anh Law Firm has always consolidated our organizational structure to become one of the most reputable law firms in Vietnam.
Crompton Lightings fixed wire and DIY miniature fluorescent fittings offer an energy efficient and cost effective solution to lighting benches, shelves, desks, work areas and beneath pelmets and architraves. An excellent alternative to standard under-shelf downlights and striplights, these miniature fluorescents utilise T4 and T5 fluorescent lamps, allowing the fittings to be smaller in both length and width than standard fluorescent battens. The small size of these fittings allows them to be concealed under cupboards, pelmets, architraves, and shelves, providing a bright, energy efficient light with excellent colour rendering capabilities.
* If you would rather fax through an order to us please click here, print our order form and fax it through to us.
Just add the products to your cart and quote discount coupon "Renovators" during the checkout process and the discounted amount will be automatically calculated for you.
Last night I finally saw the Voyager episode with Q that made everyone stop watching Voyager. I guess I can see how they misunderstood it. I liked but I didn't because I stated thinking about a O.S. Card short story and then I compared that with a Heinlein story and a Dr. Who story, and then... well, I thought to myself all the way walking to school and still haven't figured it out yet.
The subject of immortality is a subject science fiction approaches on many occasions. Is it death that makes people do what they do? Do people try to become great because they know they will die? And is immortality really as evil or as dull as people make it out to be?
Lois, a woman I spoke to about death, life and afterlife, firmly believes that once you are alive your spirit will never die. She says that there is no such thing as true death, total non-existence. She believes that one a person is a living, sentient spirit, that they will exist forever-after in one form of another.
The Voyager episode, "Death Wish" says that living forever is not what people should strive for. "There is nothing new in heaven or on earth". If one lived forever, time would pass and pass, and pass. After eons of time, boredom and apathy will emerge. No matter how creative you are, or how much you have done, one day you will become bored. There is only so much to see, only so much to do and think in the universe. According to "Death Wish", an immortal will have seen it all, done it all and eventually wish to be annihilated.
On the other hand, according to Heinlein, to live, simply to exist forever is the dream of all mankind. It is what people are made for, this is the basic desire of all. To him, eternity will be exciting and great, but only as long as you have someone to love, a purpose to carry on, and a creative mind. Most people posses all these things. You can do what you enjoy the most, be with the one you love the most forever, without worrying about death, sickness or running out of time.
O.S. Card says that death is in a way, beautiful. To him it is death that makes man wish live forever. People in a sense life forever through being someone great, or doing something incredible that will exist long after they are gone, and in a sense, make them immortal. O.S. Card also says that beginnings must have endings, and without them people would not be the way they are. Without death people would have no need to create. Creation is for one who knows he will die but wishes to live forever. Books, paintings, any form of long-lasting anything in bulk would not exist. Why read it in a book if you've experienced it yourself and you know that everyone else will experience the same thing eventually? Why paint a picture when you have it in your mind, to remember whenever you want? Why write other than to know what it feels like to write? No one would need to read it, because they already have seen, done, felt what is written.
The Doctor who book says that he who wants to live forever usually has bad reasons for it. The idea is, we have all been given the time we need. Time was a gift, and trying to get more is not acceptable. It's like a lost man who stays a night at a kind strangers house, but in the morning the lost man decides that he likes his bed and the house so much that he refuses to leave, and forces the kind stranger to let him stay.
People may live on forever, people may cease to exist. If one lived in eternity alone, it would be lonely, it would be terrible, one would get bored, just as one living alone on Earth. But, different people believe different things, everyone sees the world differently. The universe is infinite, people's imaginations are infinitely different. We all have an infinite capacity to learn. There is so much to think, to do, to see, to feel. Every minute something new is made, every second, something new is happening. How could one become bored in eternity? One can never see, do, feel, create it all.
American Pie Movie In Hindi For Mobile Download Watch or download movies online. Find popular, top and now playing movies here. Watch movies with HD Quality.
Berlin: Seminar  Confronting Antisemitism, advancing Holocaust Education, co-existance and non-discrimination in Morocco with Association Mimouna
Paris: Presentation  Combatting Antisemitism in Morocco / Antisemitism in the Muslim World, Kim Robin Stoller
Warsaw  OSCE/ODIHR: Participation  Responding to anti-Semitic hate crime and addressing the security needs of Jewish communities in the OSCE Region  Working Level Consultative Meeting
Diese Seite benutzt Cookies, um die Nutzerfreundlichkeit zu verbessern. Mit der weiteren Verwendung stimmen Sie dem zu. // Our website uses cookies to improve the usability and performance of our services and to track visits.
Construct your personal dispensed sensor community to gather, research, and visualize real-time information approximately our human atmosphere - together with noise point, temperature, and other people move. With this hands-on publication, you are going to easy methods to flip your undertaking notion into operating undefined, utilizing the easy-to-learn Arduino microcontroller and off-the-shelf sensors.
4. Relation ????S is applied to the selected standard manifestation and the associated symbol is provided as the measured value. The above process can be formally described by the following set of relations. q  ????  ????s x  {qsn }  {xsn } There are different possible ways to define a measurement scale, and their properties may limit the analysis that can be performed on the measurement results. Five different kinds of scales are generally employed, ordered according to an increasing level of richness in the information they convey.
This step allows us also to verify that the whole measurement context has been correctly identified. If the identification is correct, the measurement goals are achieved, otherwise also the identification process has to be refined. 3 Final Remarks The different processes that take part in any measurement activity have been briefly reported and discussed in this section. The obtained model shows the steps required 20 MEASUREMENT MODELS AND UNCERTAINTY to implement a measurement activity that is correct from a methodological point of view, and not only from an experimental (or instrumental) perspective.
Interval scales This kind of scale is an ordinal scale that conveys additional information about the size of the interval between adjacent classes. Examples of interval scales are the Celsius and Fahrenheit temperature scales, and the Richter seismic magnitude scale. Sums and subtractions are the only allowed mathematical operations. Affine mappings between scales that preserve the order and interval proportions5 are also allowed. 8  ????C + 32. Mean and standard deviation are allowed statistical inferences for these scales.
Spain's unemployment rate hit a record high in the third quarter, with one in four out of work and more expected to lose their jobs in 2013 as the next phase of government cutbacks kicks in.
At exactly 25 percent, Friday's official number was the highest since the Franco dictatorship ended in the mid-1970s, and gives fresh impetus to calls by labor unions for a general strike next month.
That action is part of an increasingly vocal protest campaign against successive waves of spending cuts and tax hikes that, critics argue, has only served to put more people out of work rather than getting to grips with Spain's economic crisis.
"Weaker growth than expected, coupled with austerity, could easily see unemployment hit 26 percent next year," said Silvio Peruzzo, economist at Nomura in London.
The rate was 24.6 percent in the second quarter, and analysts had expected Friday's National Statistics Institute data to show a rise to 25.1 percent.
Of European Union countries only Greece, mired in an even more brutal recession than Spain and battling to stave off bankruptcy, has a higher jobless rate.
Friday's data puts further pressure on the government as it debates whether to seek international aid while it battles to bring down the public deficit in line with European Union demands in a recession that shows no sign of letting up.
Government forecasts show the economy contracting next year by 0.5 percent, but economists in a Reuters poll this week said they expect it to shrink three times faster.
"There is a debate over the optimistic growth outlook for next year by the government, which is given little credibility," Nomura's Peruzzo said.
Spain's financing needs are largely covered for this year, and its cost of borrowing from debt markets has eased significantly since August thanks to the European Central Bank's promise to buy the country's bonds should it call for financial help.
But austerity measures worth over 60 billion euros ($78 billion) by 2014, are likely to crimp growth further, and cast more workers out of work.
Meanwhile, labor reforms pushed through this year aimed at making it easier for companies to hire and fire have encouraged many to make mass layoffs as demand remains fragile.
The government expects the economy to shrink 1.5 percent this year, while the official outlook is for the unemployment rate not to fall below 24 percent until 2014.
Peruzzo said the outlook would only improve if Spain is granted more time to cut its public deficit, a move that is backed by the International Monetary Fund to help struggling euro zone countries.
"I've been out of a job for six months and am looking for work wherever I can get it," said German Herrero, 42. He said he lost his job at Vodafone after 12 years of service and had left his family behind in the eastern city of Albacete to search for work in the capital.
The economy slipped back into recession at the end of last year. The government says 2013 will be the final year of recession for Spain, a view shared by the euro zone's largest bank Santander.
On Friday Madrid's transport system slowed to a skeleton service as workers protested against salary cuts. Protests have mounted over the past weeks, particularly against cuts to the country's healthcare system and education.
Some people in work have cause to complain too, going without paychecks as companies struggle to meet payments, while others have welcomed early retirement packages in fear of worsening times ahead.
"I'm happy as I was given early retirement at 55, but the situation is grim and Germany has the country by the neck," said Jose Albalt in a wet Madrid on Friday morning. He said he was offered a retirement package last year when the bank he worked for was merged with another and 1,200 jobs were lost.
Spain's banking system is undergoing a major restructuring process after property investments they made during a decade-long boom soured when the economy began to crash.
This document has been published on 05Nov12 by the Equipo Nizkor and Derechos Human Rights. In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, this material is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes.
Institute of Metallurgy and Materials Science of Polish Academy of Sciences ; Commitee on Metallurgy of Polish Academy of Sciences
Adjustment of forces in large-span structures in the design of a rational constructive form of a Dolphinarium in Volgograd | Sitnikov | Structural Mechanics of Engineering Constructions and Buildings
Home > Archives > Vol 14, No 4 (2018) >	Adjustment of forces in large-span structures in the design of a rational constructive form of a Dolphinarium in Volgograd
Adjustment of forces in large-span structures in the design of a rational constructive form of a Dolphinarium in Volgograd
In some cases, architectural, technological or other special requirements dictate the development of buildings and structures with large spans of shells. The choice of the scheme of bearing structures depends on the size of the span, architectural and planning solutions, the shape of the building in plan, the height of the structure, the presence and type of suspended transport, the requirements for the rigidity of the shell, the nature of lighting and aeration, type of roof, size and distribution of loads, the need to accommodate large masses of people and other factors. Differences in the purpose of large-span buildings and structures, features of technological processes, architectural and aesthetic requirements determine the use of a variety of solutions of such coatings. The article presents design measures for the implementation of architectural and artistic solutions of the building of the Dolphinarium in Volgograd. Analytical description of complex architectural and structural forms is performed. The analysis of existing structural forms of large-span structures is given. In the design, the concept of a combined archcable system was implemented, in which the cable system acts as an unloading and supporting system. The study of the work under load of various schemes of the cable system. It was also investigated the influence of pre-tensioning braces on strain supported their designs, and from what was determined optimal value of the efforts of the cables tension.
Paint Net Animated Png is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Pink Paint Splatter Clip Art is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Golden Artist Colors has enjoyed the privilege of collaborating with artists to make highest quality professional art materials. That same collaborative process has produced a new, thoroughly modern watercolour called QoR.
QoR [pron. core] retains the best qualities of traditional watercolours while expanding the range and versatility of each colour. QoRs exclusive binder provides more pigment in every brushstroke, offering a strength, range and versatility unmatched in the history of watercolours.
The unique QoR formulation accentuates the luminosity and brilliance of pigments even after drying. It provides the subtlety, transparency and flow of a great watercolour, with colorus that have as much vibrancy and fire as the best acrylic or oil paint.
QoR has been formulated to embody the essence of watercolours while offering these unique qualities:
MOM Brunette shows her man great sex and allows him to cum inside as a treat. Please try again later.
Commercial Kitchen Appliances San Diego is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
By accessing Kiteforum.com (hereinafter we, us, our, Kiteforum.com, http://kiteforum.com), you agree to be legally bound by the following terms. If you do not agree to be legally bound by all of the following terms then please do not access and/or use Kiteforum.com. We may change these at any time and well do our utmost in informing you, though it would be prudent to review this regularly yourself as your continued usage of Kiteforum.com after changes mean you agree to be legally bound by these terms as they are updated and/or amended.
You agree not to post any abusive, obscene, vulgar, slanderous, hateful, threatening, sexually-orientated or any other material that may violate any laws be it of your country, the country where Kiteforum.com is hosted or International Law. Doing so may lead to you being immediately and permanently banned, with notification of your Internet Service Provider if deemed required by us. The IP address of all posts are recorded to aid in enforcing these conditions. You agree that Kiteforum.com have the right to remove, edit, move or close any topic at any time should we see fit. As a user you agree to any information you have entered to being stored in a database. While this information will not be disclosed to any third party without your consent, neither Kiteforum.com nor phpBB shall be held responsible for any hacking attempt that may lead to the data being compromised.
Berkeley,CA - Hailed as the world's most powerful transmission electron microscope,TEAM 0.5 is living up to expectations. UsingTEAM 0.5 (TEAM stands for Transmission Electron Aberration-corrected Microscope), researchers with the U.S. Department of Energy's Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (Berkeley Lab) have produced stunning images of individual carbon atoms in graphene, the two-dimensional crystalline form of carbon that is highly prized by the electronics industry.
These first time ever images were recorded at Berkeley Lab'sNationalCenterfor Electron Microscopy (NCEM), a DOE national user facility that is a premier center for electron microscopy and microcharacterization.TEAM0.5, its newest instrument, is capable of producing images with half-angstrom resolution, which is less than the diameter of a single hydrogen atom.
"Simply put,TEAM0.5 is the best transmission electron microscope in the world, representing a quantum leap forward in instrumentation," said physicist Alex Zettl who led this research. "Having the ability to see, basically in real time, each and every individual atom in a sample is unbelievably useful and the images we can now see have been jaw-dropping for even the most seasoned electron microscopists.TEAM0.5 is pushing transmission electron microscopy to a new level."
Zettl holds joint appointments with Berkeley Lab's Materials Sciences Division (MSD) and the Physics Department at theUniversityofCalifornia'sBerkeleycampus, where he is the director of theCenterofIntegrated Nanomechanical Systems. Collaborating with him on this graphene imaging project were Jannik Meyer, also withBerkeleyLab's Materials Sciences Division, and Christian Kisielowski, Rolf Erni and Marta Rossell of NCEM.
Their results were published in the journal Nanoletters, in a paper entitled: "Direct imaging of lattice atoms and topological defects in graphene membranes."
The properties of solid materials stem from the arrangement of their constituent atoms in the solid's crystal structure. While technologies such as electron and x-ray crystallography can reveal the atomic geometry of a crystal, they do not identify the precise location and position of each individual atom. When the dimensions of a material shrink to the nanoscale, the location and position of each individual atom becomes critically important, as Zettl explains.
"Think of the steel re-bars on a three-dimensional structure, like a jungle gym," he said. "If a small piece of re-bar is rusted out somewhere in the center of the gym, it won't likely have much affect on the overall properties of the structure. In a two-dimensional structure, however, a rusted out segment becomes a much bigger problem, and in a one-dimensional structure, i.e., a single re-bar, a rusted out segment can be catastrophic, causing the entire structure to fail. On a nanoscale crystal, one missing atom or some other defect in the arrangement can result in catastrophic failure."
Graphene is especially sensitive to defects in its atomic structure. Consisting of a single-layered sheet of carbon atoms arranged in hexagons, like a sheet of chicken wire with an atom at each nexus, graphene features extraordinary electrical, mechanical and thermal properties that could enable it to serve in a broad array of carbon-based electronic devices. For the enormous promises of graphene to be fulfilled, however, scientists need a much better understanding of how specific types of defects in the crystal structure, including those that change location over time, affect its properties.
"Theorists are currently making all kinds of predictions about the properties of graphene for different local atomic configurations, but untilTEAM0.5, we did not have the ability to actually see and study these configurations in real time," Zettl said.
TEAM0.5 features state-of-the-art technical advances including an extremely bright electron source, ultra-stable electronics to reduce drift and, perhaps most importantly, the ability to provide optical corrections for spherical aberration (blurring). By making points of light look like disks, spherical aberrations have been the prime limiting factors in the resolution of transmission electron microscopy.
Says NCEM principal investigator and collaborator on this study Kisielowski, "TEAM0.5 allows for the detection of every single atom from the Periodic Table provided that the sample under investigation can stand the radiation damage (TEAM0.5's record-setting half-angstrom resolution was achieved with an electron beam that was 300 kilovolts (kV) in energy.)
Correcting spherical aberration makes it possible to use theTEAM0.5 not only for broad-beam "wide-angle" images but also for scanning transmission electron microscopy (STEM), in which the tightly focused electron beam is moved across a sample as a probe. In this mode,TEAM0.5 is capable of performing spectroscopy on one atom at a time  an ideal way to precisely locate impurities in an otherwise homogeneous sample, such as individual dopant atoms in a semiconductor. Aberration correction also enablesTEAM0.5 to produce high resolution images at relatively low electron beam energies. Because of their longer wavelengths, lower energy electrons are more difficult to focus than higher energy electrons. Aberration correction overcomes this problem.
UsingTEAM0.5, Zettl, Kisielowski and their collaborators were able to obtain images of graphene membranes - crystalline foils one atom thick  at a resolution of one angstrom using electron beams of a mere 80 kilovolts (kV) in energy.
"The low voltage was crucial for the stability and study of these graphene membranes which are much too fragile to be imaged at the higher energies required for conventional transmission electron microscopy," said Zettl. "That we were able to detect and resolve every individual carbon atom in these foils at 80kV is relevant for future studies of organic materials where low-z atoms dominate and higher energies are damaging to samples.TEAM0.5 provides fantastic resolution at low electron energies, which is the best of both worlds for organics."
Added Kisielowski, "This is not even the end of the story. We have since made improvements to further boost signal-to-noise ratios and already have new and even better images. There is much more to come."
TEAM0.5 was designed and constructed through a collaboration led by Berkeley Lab and including DOE's Argonne and Oak Ridge National Laboratories, the Frederick Seitz Materials Laboratory of the University of Illinois, and two private companies specializing in electron microscopy, theFEICompany headquartered in Portland, Oregon, and CEOS of Heidelberg, Germany.
This past weekend I went down to Sydney to see Joss Whedon speak at the Sydney Opera House and spend some wonderful time with by Browncoats. And, of course, for eating!
Saturday night was Brendan's birthday party, and he was showing off his new Thermomix by whipping up several vegan-friendly dishes (and one not so vegan friendly meaty chili). Combined with two delicious tarts that Leigh brought along, everyone there, vegan or otherwise, was very well fed!
Here is my dinner plate, loaded up with goodness. What you can see here is a slice of Leigh's two quiches - a sun dried tomato and smoke Sheese quiche and a hummus and vegetable quiche, with lemon and pea risotto, brown rice salad and beetroot salad (those last three all from the Thermomix). It was good, and I went back for some seconds as well! For dessert I tucked into a delicious little treat that Leigh had brought me from the vegan bake sale - but more on those in a later post!
Sunday morning came along and this was Joss day! I started my day with an almond croissant and cherry pie, then had a mini cheezecake snack about an hour later. Again, more on these in the bake sale post! We then headed into Newtown for a late brunch at Naked Espresso.
After my super sweet start to the day, I decided to try something different from new usual, and I had the scrambled tofu feast - scrambled tofu, mushrooms, spinach, pumpkin, hashbrowns, toast and homemade baked beans.
Diana had my usual, which is different from her usual (the BLAT). My usual is the buckwheat pancakes with a side of Redwood bacon and hashbrowns. There must always be potatoes at brunch!
After brunch, Brendan and I headed down for a stroll through Newtown (Diana had to go help set up for the Joss Whedon cocktail party her work was involved in), and we ended up at Buppa's Bakehouse - one of Brendan's favourite places in the world. Buppa's is an American style cake and pie shop. They also have New York style bagels, which are vegan! Even though I had just eaten brunch, I could hardly say no.
Mmmmm.... warm bagel with Nuttelex and sour cherry jam. Buppa's has an excellent grasp on what is required to be vegan. Unfortunately they don't offer a vegan option in their regular daily selection, but they can bake a range of vegan cakes and cupcakes to order.
After the bagel, I was just incredibly full. And a power walk from the bus stop the Sydney Opera House was not helping. But no matter, because it was Joss time! Wow, what an incredible 90 minutes! He is an incredible speaker - funny, articulate and honest. I laughed, I cried, I love it. For a great write up of the event, click here. And if you are going 'Joss who?', well then - get thee to a DVD store and stock up on Buffy, Angel, Firefly, Serenity, Dollhouse and friends stat!
Afterwards, some people went to the after party, and those of us that didn't went to a nearby pub to wait for them. I was still quite full, which was good because the pub had a very uninspired selection on the menu and certainly nothing vegan! But once we were all joined up again, a large group of us headed out for dinner at Wagamamas. Leigh, my fellow Browncoat vegan, was also there. So what do two hungry vegan ladies eat at Wagamama?
Some sort of stir-fry. I don't remember the exact names. We subbed out the soba noodles (which contained egg) for rice noodles.
And, of course, pickles! You cannot have Japanese without pickled vegetables. Nom! All washed down with Japanese tea and water. A tasty feast indeed!
I headed back to Brisbane yesterday, thankful for a wonderful weekend with some of my favourite people, my favourite write/director/producer/etc and some delicious food!
This photo isn't from Sydney. Last night, after I got back, I went to Loving Hut with The Jens. I just wanted to share their new starter - French Onion Pouches. Inside these little crispy packets is hot, melty french onion cream cheeze... which sounds wrong, but is oh-so-right! I could become addicted. ;)
This handsome man is Caleb, one of Brendan and Diana's kitties. Here he is being just utterly adorable - his back legs are still sitting on the top platform of his scratching post, but he has his front legs standing on the lower one. He sat like this for ages, looking rather happy and zoned out. He's a gorgeous big cutie. :)
It's so hard when your babies grow up. Saturday the 28th of August is my little Sahara's birthday, and this year she turned NINE! And she's my youngest! I can't believe how quickly time goes by. It seems like just yesterday that an 18 month old Sahara came into my life, and my brain always considers her to be that age, forever. Unfortunately I had a plane to catch the morning of her birthday (more on that later) so I only had a few hours with her, but my parents made the rest of her birthday super special and took lots of photos for me.
We started her birthday with some Greenie's in bed! I keep a packet in my bedside draw, and every time I think about opening it she materialises like magic! So on this particular morning I risked spoiling her appetite for breakfast with a pre-breakfast crunch and snorgle.
If there is one thing that makes her very excited, it is steamed broccoli! Here is a picture of her nomming into a special birthday bowl!
It's a flipped around post today, so here is a single food photo to end it on! My friend had her birthday a few weeks ago, and when I asked her what sort of cake she would like she said strawberry shortcake. I made this recipe, from Now Vegan by Lynda Stoner. I had to bake the cake about ten or fifteen minutes longer than she said in the book. Once you bake the shortcake, you cut it in half. The recipe then calls for strawberry jam and fresh strawberries to be layered in the middle. I also added a thick layer of Macadamia Creme from Vegan With A Vengeance, because I always thought strawberry shortcake was meant to have a creamy layer. Anyway, it was an awesome addition. The cake was very cute, and really nice. I wisely chose to take to work in bits and assemble it there, because after sitting for too long it goes a bit smooshy.
At the end of May this year, my little brother Greg moved to London to be with his beautiful girlfriend Jordy. Jordy has moved over the previous year to study acting, so they had been missing each other a lot during that time! Jordy flew home for a few weeks first to catch up with her family and friends, and then they flew back together.
While Jordy was here, our two families got together for lunch at our house. While there was some sort of fishy stew (eww), I made the following vegan options for the table.
Lemony Rice-Stuffed Grape Leaves from 1000 Vegan Recipes. This was the first time I had ever made dolmades, and I was quite happy with them. The tangy lemon flavour here is delicious! Plus, super cute.
Roasted Ratatouille Gratin and Chopped Salad, both from 1000 Vegan Recipes, also served with some olive and thyme sourdough bread from Sol Breads. The ratatouille was yummy, and the capsicum taste was not strong at all. However the capsicum content was enough to give me heartburn for the evening. Susan and capsicum are unmixy things. The salad, on the other hand, was awesome! It is a huge salad involving different lettuce varieties, chickpeas, tomatoes, cucumber, celery, carrot, olives, radishes and avocado. But you can more or less sub ingredients in and out at will.
The night before Greg set off, he selected the menu for our last ever family night dinner for some time. He did an excellent job of choosing some five star dishes!
The first course was French Onion Pastry Puffs from 1000 Vegan Recipes. These were delicious! The instructions say to cut either a 2- or 3-inch circle out of the puff pastry, and I used a 2-inch cookie cutter. Next time I think I would use a 3-inch cutter, as when they puffed up in the oven the yummy caramelised onion, olive and caper topping fell off a couple.
Rustic Cottage Pie from 1000 Vegan Recipes was the main course. This is a yummy combination of seitan, vegetables and mushroom sauce topped off with mashed potatoes.
To go on the side, he chose Roasted Baby Potatoes with Spinach, Olives, and Grape Tomatoes. Another excellent choice!
For dessert he picked Bread Pudding from The Joy of Vegan Baking. Just the thing to finish up the meal on a chilly night. Especially good with some soy ice cream as well.
And here are our jet-setting couple about to leave us. Aren't they a gorgeous pair? I should probably mention that the third person going in this flight with them was my brother's double bass, which was packed into a double bass case that stood at over eight feet tall! That was fun to get around. My brother is a fantastic jazz musician. I went to his farewell gig at the Brisbane Jazz Club a couple of weeks earlier, and it was amazing. The first time I had ever really seen him play in all those years. I am a slack sister.
Greg is having a lovely time in England, by the sounds of it, doing lots of gigs and experiencing all that London and its proximity of Europe has to offer!
In honour of my brother, I thought today I would spoil you with three photos! Here you can see how much my girls loved spending time with their uncle.
Sahara takes no prisoners! Actually, Greg and Sahara once jammed on the piano together. It was so super cute.
Speaking of napping, Gizmo snuggles up double warm. Actually, I have a lot of photos of Greg and Gizmo napping together. This cat does not waste the chance for a warm place to snooze!
Today I am home feeling sickly, I have the head cold thing that seems to be going around. As I work my way through an entire plantation's worth of tissues infused with an entire something's worth of aloe vera, I thought a blog post was in order. Earlier this year, I had my wisdom tooth out. I say tooth because I only have one wisdom tooth, the other three had never actually formed, and it chose this year to make itself known. There are a lot of photos in this post, by the way. Let's not forget the backlog I need to get through!
My mother had her wisdom tooth out a few weeks earlier. She had it done under local in the chair, and was pretty much fine straight away. I made her some soft food for the first couple of days, but then it was business as usual.
Green and Yellow Split Pea Soup from 1000 Vegan Recipes. Definitely use the option sliced vegan kielbasa! Seeing as we don't have vegan kielbasa ere in Australia, I just used a packet of Sanitarium sausages. They make a nice addition.
Autumn Medley Stew from 1000 Vegan Recipes, which is delicious - seitan, chickpeas and awesome vegetables with some pasta. It is also fantastic for breakfast the next day on toast!
So, when it came time for my wisdom tooth extraction, I was feeling calm and zen. I elected to have mine done under a general anaesthetic because I have a severe gag reflex, the tooth was impacted so would require sectioning, I do dental extractions on cats at work and know it is a brutal business at times, and I am a great big wimp. I had it done on a Thursday and had the next three days off. All would be right, right?
On the plus side, the anaesthetic was delightful! Propofol induction and sevoflurane maintenance, I did not feel groggy or gross at all afterwards. Hurrah! Also, I had a nasty cat bite on my hand from work the day before that was red and swollen and infected, and the IV antibiotics I had really knocked that on the head and it was heaps better even by the time I woke up! They also had vegan jelly for me when I woke up. The downside was the local anaesthetic they gave me that was meant to least for 12 hours wore off about an hour after waking up, which led to one of the most horribly painful half hours of my life until my trusty Nurofen Plus kicked in.
Chilled Carrot Soup from 1000 Vegan Recipes. Which is nice, but to be honest after an anaesthetic and having to fast from 5am that morning, it so wasn't hitting the spot I needed it to. So I had some leftovers.
Roasted Cauliflower and Shallots with Millet from 1000 Vegan Recipes. OK, so this photo is not from that night, it is from the night I actually made it. I had served it with marinated tofu and salad. It is really delicious, who doesn't love roasted cauliflower? Also great for a breakfast snack. However, on post-op night I just had a little bit of the millet stuff, warmed just to take the chill edge off, and then smooshed with my fork to break it up a bit more.
The next day the swelling had kicked in big time, and I was loving my good friends Paracetamol and Nurofen Plus. Not to mention the awesome ice pack head wrap the hospital had given me to keep ice on my swollen face. Here are the dinners I made in those first few days.
Orzo, White Beans, and Tomatoes with Lemony Spinach Pesto from 1000 Vegan Recipes. This was delicious, and also small and easy to eat for someone who couldn't use one side of their mouth and couldn't open their mouth open further than about 1cm.
Millet, Chard, and White Bean Casserole from 1000 Vegan Recipes. This is all kinds of awesome. If you have this book, go and make it. Again, it fits the easy to eat post tooth removal criteria.
Rice and Pea Soup from 1000 Vegan Recipes. This is lovely and creamy and has a really subtle flavour. You can either just enjoy the flavour as is, or sprinkle with some nooch, or alternate. My mother was particularly in love with this dish!
Barley and Winter Vegetable Stew from 1000 Vegan Recipes. This was made on the day I was meant to go back to work. I say meant to, because I did not. My face still looked like I had been punched and I couldn't really talk and I was still relying on trusty codeine, which makes me happy but sleepy. As luck would have it, I had the following two days off as well because my brother was moving overseas (more on that in the next post), which gave me some extra time to heal.
Yellow Dal with Spinach served with Chapati, both from 1000 Vegan Recipes. This is lovely, though I found the dal only really made about three servings.
This was almost a week after my operation, and I was finding that while to tooth pain was fading (even though my sutures had pulled through a few days after the op - gross), I was developing a burning pain in my throat. To the point I was dreaming that I was being strangled. A quick exam into the back of my throat explained why - I had ulcers all around my soft palate and on the end of my uvula! Thus started the longest and possibly most painful two weeks of my life.
Things I tried to dull the pain: Savacol mouth-rinse, alcohol free Savacol mouth-rinse, Difflam mouth-rinse, Difflam sore throat spray, lignocaine, xylocaine viscous. The latter is normally super expensive, but thankfully we have some at work so I was able to get a little from there. It is revolting, but was the most effective thing at numbing... though only for about ten minutes. Gah!
And what does a girl eat during this time? Not much, to be honest. Pain is great killer of hunger. Ice cold soymilk, lukewarm peppermint tea into which I dunked vanilla biscuits until they were smoosh and I could suck them, icy smoothies (rockmelon, soymilk and a little soy icecream) and soup... lots of soup. At slightly warm temperature. Soup that did not have anything spicy or acidic in it. Mostly made by my wonderful mother!
All these recipes were good, but I don't have too much to say as I was in pain, my throat was temporarily numb, and I was just happy to be getting something with actual nutrients into me! Originally I had seen a doctor near work who said there was nothing to be done but ride it out, but eventually I made an appointment with my normal doctor, who is awesome. She got me to make a mouthwash using dexamethasone, and that stuff started to do the trick and healing finally began. Sweet relief!
Tempeh and Sweet Potato Shepherd's Pie with Roasted Zucchini and Tomatoes, both from 1000 Vegan Recipes. A delicious return to solid foods!
Pear Gratin with Cranberries and Pecans from 1000 Vegan Recipes. Because dessert is awesome and nothing says 'farewell nasty ulcers' like some nice crunchy nuts.
For making it all the way through that post (or maybe you just flicked through the look at the photos), I give to you Prince in his papoose! Prince is a gorgeous old man, he was a Singapore street cat who was brought over to Australia by his mum. She's had to go back to Singapore for work, so Prince lives with one of our nurses and comes in to the clinic to say hi when she comes to work. He travels in his little papoose. How cute is that? None of my girls would ever sit in that. He just really enjoys being carried around, and I think being super close and snuggly to Pip, who does the carrying. Despite his many health issues, Prince is still going strong and is a much loved little kitty by many.
Last weekend, my wonderful friend Jen married her partner Ryan. No to be confused with the other Jen who married Freddy last year. It was a glorious day, and a beautiful bride.
The wedding was lovely, and was held at Victoria Park in their Garden Marquee, which ad a beautiful view overlooking the golf course and the city.
After the wedding, it was a chilly wait for an hour and a half at an outdoor bistro waiting for the reception. I was obviously looking forward to some vegan noms, and was curious to know what they might serve me. Apparently the venue has some vegan options naturally, and she kindly informed them that I was a hungry vegan so they could plan accordingly.
While other kids were eating crab cakes or mushroom gnocchi, I was given this bowl of yummy pumpkin and coconut soup. It was really thick and delicious. Fairly small, though a big bowl might have been a bit rich. There was the standard bread roll at the place setting, but with no guarantee of its veganess I skipped it. It left me slightly hungry though. But taste wise the soup was a winner.
Who needs steak or fish when you can have a gorgeous vegetable risotto? I have to say that this function centre certainly knows how to get some great flavour from some simple vegan dishes. Though I would have liked a slightly bigger serving size! Given that I was not comsuming a huge chunk of animal on my plate (eww and ick), surely they could have spared a little more?
The wedding cake was for dessert, and the happy couple had chosen a cupcake cake - very cute. But very not vegan. However - and this is when you know that you have wonderful friends - in the business of the day before the wedding Ryan found time to head over to Loving Hut to pick me up a little something for dessert. How awesome are my friends??
So I enjoyed a Raspberry Cheezecake that was carefully transported in. The venue provided a little scoop of mango sorbet, instead of ice cream, that was fantastic (I knew there had to be more than one scoop out the back and I really wanted to sneak into the kitchen and devour it all!) and also some berry compote that everyone got. The raspberry cheezecake was very rich, which made up for my slightly grumbly tummy with the previous two courses.
Two posts in two days! What is this crazy talk?? Hee. So I have a lot of various events to blog about as well from the last ever. I have decided to start at the most recent and work backwards, it seems like the thing to do.
Possum the family cat has become more intrigued with my shoes after I get home from a long day at work. They must smell very interesting to him!
Thank you and your guides so very much for the wonderful and great weekend. It was so much opening and deepening our meditation and spiritual growth. Every evening we now both channel our guides of different kind. The Sunday in the evening we channeled for one complete hour without interruption. It is amazing and I did a step, I thought could never achieve. Many puzzle pieces have come together. I am reading very interestingly the book from you, it is so interesting and amazing and helps to understand and believe in some other books I have read in the past. Hope to find again possibility to learn from you. My mother is so fascinated from our reports and is thinking if it would be possible to try to organize a seminar for you in Germany again with longer preparation. Again many thanks, blessings and wishes!
Refresh your memory with this compilation of quotations by polititians, officials, millitary personal, Iraqi's etc. from the months leading up to the war until recently. And then start paying close attention to the chatter comming out of the administration about Iran lately and consider.... Ready for round two anyone? Does anyone have the courage to stand up and say no?
Reading, writing, watching story of all kinds is my primary passion. Fiber arts runs a close second and actually plays a role in the other as the stories and reviews I write are often born as my needles or hooks are in motion. The common denominators of them all are imagination and creativity.
: This dirty schoolgirl has one of the hairiest pussies you have ever seen. I fingered he deeply, to make her nice and wet. Soon she was ready for my hard cock. I pounded this schoolgirl so hard, that she was moaning with pleasure.
mancity.com uses cookies, by using our website you agree to our use of cookies as described in our Cookie Policy.
Life along the road became beautiful because of you, Life in parts became full of happiness because of you.
beginning to where love blooms, where been ordinary is the greatest happiness, so the color stays pure and simple.
 International Shipping: Shipping fees may vary by weight and by different regions, it is advised to contact us via e-mail for the detail information before making the orders online.
Golden Point Design Award VOSHAS [hidden version] - male models of sets of documents - all cattle small leather + 316L jewelry white paper sets of sets of pendants - straight
Creator: South Jun, a tremendous amount of visionaries. Favorite observation and experience, the life around them as food, nourish head imagination land. For the previous generation retro feeling with a strong impression of the South Jun, good with a brush, delicate portray a section sketch-like fantasy plot. Jun works in the South, you can always find a trace of the antique flavor and playful whimsy, world beneath that stroke, you have not visited a magical dream.
Using the most advanced high-quality double UV coating technology digital painting, colorful, durable, do not fade
May be more simple and neat vertical flip function, watch movies more convenient and receive calls free to open more easily Cikou
New and improved formula right, turn designed to retain the volume keys on the outside, the sound is more convenient adjustment
Product images are for reference only, without props filming, product colors may differ due to the screen, to the actual goods shall prevail
This product is a custom design, has been used as an envelope body size may result in incompatibility, cleaning Avoid using aggressive cleaning agents
AppleWork Apple factory is a bold and innovative design team, using the most advanced technology for mobile phones, tablets, laptops, music players, digital cameras and other electronic products to create unique accessories, through artists from around the world designer, brand's carefully created for cold 3C electronic products into vibrant bold colors.
AppleWork Apple factory since its establishment in 2005, has helped dozens of international brands worldwide, more than thousands of artists and design team, the monthly production of more than a thousand cultural and creative products. We have very mature production technology in the field of illustration, it is possible through the most advanced printing technology, the image design, creative use of illustrations on your phone, tablet, apparel and bags products.
**All products are in the main building customized products, payment must be completed before the beginning of production, the production can not be modified once and return**
By becoming a Fan, you are supporting this model to continue creating amazing content and you may even get additional exclusive content that would be listed below.
%%MODEL_NAME%% Fan Club Membership: you will be billed FANCLUB_PRICE until you cancel. You can cancel anytime.
You're such a big Fan that you actually wanted to sign up a 2nd time. Congratulations, you're a fan! But don't worry, we aren't charging you again.
%%MODEL_NAME%% has currently disabled their Fan Club. Please check back again in the future when you can become a Fan.
Lara Croft, the fiercely independent daughter of a missing adventurer, must push herself beyond her limits when she finds herself on the island where her father disappeared.
DTG (ang. Direct To Garment) this technology printing on garments using specialized inkjet printers, which must meet two conditions: the transport mechanism of clothing and textile inks that are directly affixed to the clothing. Direct printing technology allows you to print using a full palette of colors, without the background, and the printing durability is comparable to that of screen printing.
Why DTG? Implementation from 1st art, photographic print fidelity, durability, printing, full-color printing!
FLEX this technology used at low cost, because it requires additional costs related example. the preparation of the matrix. Prints flex rely on the excision of a special foil pattern to the contour (which is on the shirt is like a razor!) And then wgrzaniu her the material. The use of foil in this case ensures that the printing does not fade, even after many washes, because we are not dealing with paint or ink.
Screen printing embodiment consists in forcing the ink through a die consisting of a fine sieve, through which the paint is applied. Where appropriate, screens let in the paint, creating a blueprint, while in others it stop. With the help of templates created a very accurate and durable prints.
Why Screen printing? Use on various surfaces, ideal for larger orders, printing durability, high color saturation!
This manual also makes it easy to diagnose and repair problems with your machines electrical system.
Troubleshooting and electrical service procedures are combined with detailed wiring diagrams for ease of use.
Watch Debra Ling at FreeOnes Free sex videos, photo sets and biography. All Debra Ling videos, pictures and more! The official profile of Debra Ling on itinerarte.info Official model mayhem page of Debra Ling; member since Mar 17, has 20 images, friends on Model Mayhem.
Joel Rosario, who rode two winners on Fridays Breeders Cup card that included of five Championship races, leads in the race for the Bill Shoemaker Award, given to the most outstanding jockey of the Breeders Cup World Championships at Churchill Downs.
The Shoemaker Award is based on a 10-4-2-1 scoring system on first- through fourth-place finishes in each of the 14 Breeders Cup World Championship races.
Rosarios two victories came in both $2-million races, the Sentient Jet Breeders Cup Juvenile (G1) on Game Winner and the Titos Handmade Vodka Breeders Cup Juvenile Fillies (G1) on Jaywalk.
His 20 points put him six in front of Irad Ortiz Jr., who won the Breeders Cup Juvenile Fillies Turf (G1) on Newspaperofrecord and finished second in the Breeders Cup Juvenile Turf (G1) on Uncle Benny.
Other riders picking up 10 points for victories were 2017 Shoemaker Award winner Javier Castellano in the Breeders Cup Juvenile Turf Sprint on Bulletin and William Buick on Line of Duty in the Breeders Cup Juvenile Turf (G1).
The Shoemaker Award is named in honor of one of the greatest jockeys in the history of Thoroughbred racing. Shoemaker, who captured the Kentucky Derby four times, won more than 8,800 races in a career that spanned more than 40 years. In 1987, at age 56, Shoemaker won the Breeders Cup Classic aboard Ferdinand at Hollywood Park.
The post After Breeders Cup Friday Card, Rosario Atop Shoemaker Award Points List appeared first on Horse Racing News | Paulick Report.
IISD launched its Webinar Series on Investment Law and Policy with its first webinar April 17 at 9:00 a.m. ET in preparation for the meeting of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (UNCITRAL) in New York.
Working Group III of UNCITRAL met in New York from April 23 to 27, 2018, to further its mandate on possible reform of investorstate dispute settlement (ISDS). At the meeting, the working group continued to identify concerns regarding ISDS, consider whether reform is desirable and, if so, develop recommendations.
The goal of our webinar was to support governments and other stakeholders in building on the UNCITRAL process to work toward an ISDS reform agenda that works for sustainable development.
Expert presenters provided an overview of the previous meeting of the working group on this topicheld in Vienna from November 27 to December 1, 2017and analyzed some of the submissions made and positions taken. It also provided an opportunity for participants to discuss various options for multilateral reform of ISDS and the way forward at UNCITRAL.
Background information: UNCITRAL Process on ISDS Reform: What to expect at the upcoming working group meeting in New York
Webinar PowerPoints: UNCITRAL Process on ISDS Reform: What to expect at the upcoming working group meeting in New York
Iranian Journal of Applied Ecology publishes novel, high-impact papers on the interface between ecology, conservation and the natural resources management. The journal accepts papers with a methodological focus where there is a high potential to contribute to applied environmental science and natural resources management. The journal includes all major themes in applied ecology, such as Conservation biology, Global change, Wildlife management, Landscape ecology, Aquatic resources, Fores and range land ecology and management, and ecological restoration.
, Academic Journal, Scientific Article,   ,   ,   ,   ,   ,   ,  
The Boston Planning and Development Agency (BPDA) held an Oct. 17 public meeting to update residents on the status of the already approved General Heath Square (GHS) Apartments affordable housing development project, which should be available for residency in September 2019.
The then Boston Redevelopment Authority (BRA) approved the project in December 2015. The project, developed by Jamaica Plain Neighborhood Development Corporation (JPNDC) in partnership with Back of the Hill CDC, has been securing funding and will provide only affordable housing. This past August, the project received its state funding award.
GHS will be a 56,000-square-foot building built on currently vacant land on the Jamaica Plain/Mission Hill border near Jackson Square. The proposed four-story building will include 47 new affordable housing units. Of the 47 units, 12 will be one-bedroom, 21 will be two-bedrooms, and 14 will be three-bedrooms. There will also be an additional 824-square-foot commercial space and a 1,042-square-foot community room. The proposed use for the commercial space is not yet known.
The building will also provide 20 parking spaces, a low ratio of .43 spaces per unit because the location is .25 miles from Jackson Square and the development is transit-oriented, according to Matt Henzy with the JPNDC.
The apartments will provide resident services for special needs populations as appropriate, meaning that folks that meet those definitions will be able to succeed, said Henzy.
At the Oct. 17 meeting, about 20 residents attended with some expressing concerns about density and increased traffic.
Henzy said that the project will contribute very little to the traffic, referencing a traffic study that the team had done several years ago.
Traffic is consistent city-wide, said Aisling Kerr, project assistant at the BPDA. Were looking at that and trying to improve it every single day. The City is very much in favor of transit-oriented development, which is why we support this project.
In response to questions about why the project will be so dense, Henzy said its our mission to provide affordable housing for people who need it.
Maggie Cohn of JPNDC added that originally JPNDC proposed a less dense building of 40 units, but the City wanted more housing, so they compromised at 47 units.
The total expected development cost will be $18,028,805, or $378,256 per unit. The developers expect to acquire the exact amount of funds that they need through tax credit equity, city subsidy, state subsidy, Mass Dev Brownfields, and a permanent loan.
Thank you for your tax dollars, because we do use some of that money to build this development, Henzy said.
In terms of affordability, the project will include 16 units for households with incomes under 30 percent area median income (AMI) through Project Based Section 8 or Mass Rental Voucher Program. Of those 16, five units will be permanently reserved for formerly homeless individuals or families.
Two units will be permanently reserved for clients of the HUD 811 Project Based Rental Assistance Program, which is targeted to serve non-elderly disabled households with income under 30 percent AMI.
Two units will be permanently reserved for clients of the Massachusetts Department of Developmental Services for households with income under 30 percent AMI.
Twenty units will be for households with income under 60 percent AMI, and seven units will be for moderate income households with income under 70 percent AMI.
The architects for the project are Prellwitz Chilinski Associates and the property will be managed by Peabody Properties.
The project has received BPDA Article 80 approval and zoning approval, and has also secured a City funding award and a state funding award as of August. The next steps are finance closing and acquisition, with an anticipated construction start in March 2018. The construction will be completed in July 2019, and full occupancy will be in September 2019.
Another public meeting will be scheduled a month prior to construction to notify residents about the plan for work hours and who to contact with complains during that time.
hope this bullshit gets deleted BUY MINECRAFT YOU ASSHOLES You low down piece of shit, dog humping, glue huffing, window licking son of a retarded whore, If there hadn't been a god damn life guard at the shallow end of the fucking gene pool you would have drowned because you sure as fucking shit were not smart enough to figure out how to work the god damn stairs out of the water, if I wouldn't feel so bad afterwards I'd stomp a mudhole in your ass and walk it dry, but I'd feel bad kicking a guy with only two braincells one of which is lost and the other one looking for it, it's like you were born on top of the inbred retard family totem pole and fell off on top of your underdeveloped head, hell if the numerous late term abortions your mom tried when you were 2 didn't kill you I don't know what would, you're like a special Olympics version of Superman, your main superpower is sucking the smarts out of everyone in the room with your aura of idiocy then doing fuck all with the stolen intelligence because you're always two busy trying to suck an egg through a bendy straw or some shit, there are vegetables on life support smarter than you, right now, how do you even feed yourself? Most of the god damn food ends up on your clothes anyways and the fork may as well be a suicide vest detonator in your fumbling retard hands, hell I bet you couldn't even get that right "Push this button and you'll see lots of pretty fireworks" and you'd get it stuck up in your fucking nose, lots of fucking room up in there so it would probably be gone for good, I've seen you fisting your nose digging for gold so I'm sure you could fit a detonator in there, holy shit I'm out of fucking breath, your existence itself tires me the fuck out.
its not working anymore i did this like a month ago and i just tried it again for my new pc and it doesnt work now
*ATTENTION GUYS* The easiest way to get the game for free is from *gametrex ,com* you just download the zip file and run it 
I hate this youtuber
I tride and it dont work
This document has been published on 15Apr13 by the Equipo Nizkor and Derechos Human Rights. In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, this material is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes.
aimer: lapermcats.info is a fully automatic adult search engine focused on free porn Images. We do not own, produce or host the Images displayed on this website. All of the Images displayed on our site are hosted by websites that are not under our control. The linked Images are automatically gathered and added into our system by our spider script.The list of related phrases is also based on surfers search queries. lapermcats.info has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to. We take no responsibility for the phrases entered by surfers. Please contact us if you have found inappropriate content.
This is a placeholder page for Rebecca Buckwalter, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Rebecca Buckwalter.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Rebecca Buckwalter. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Rebecca Buckwalter. We created this page automatically in hopes Rebecca Buckwalter would find it. If you are not Rebecca Buckwalter, but are an alumni of La Porte High School La Porte, IN, register on this site for free now.
star jasmine buy indian plant online arabian uk,buy indoor jasmine plant uk online sydney where can i a,jasmine flower plant buy online sydney at annuals melbourne,star jasmine plants online buy lilly pilly free plant uk india near me,jasmine plant the heart incorporates night blossoming buy indian uk london canada,buy plant online at cheap price biggest plants and jasmine nyc uk near me,buy jasmine plant online uk flower crape east india,jasmine plant types buy online at nursery live largest singapore india canada,buy arabian jasmine plant uk flowers a beautiful sydney indian,jasmine red buy plant online uk melbourne nyc.
Great MTV Party with a great guests! Supernice to be picked up in a MINI and party with Ryan Leslie and friends! Thanx to JUICY, Jama & Dominic!
Patski Love & Chris Stallion  JUICY baby! They made it happen again. Killed MTV party with Style !!!!
Hello fro me in a MINI baby.. Not bad, started at Champagneria and are ready to drink more bubles at Grand ..
Rocking the elevator down from the Restaurant to meet Shin.. You see how exited I am=? Shin, you see this??? Now you know!! Blau!
Well.. this is our chokolate dessert after we all got very silly.. You see now why it is so funny travelling with them?!
Kir Royal it is Girls night out this evening.. Me and Nailini is in charge of All expenses and planning for the night.. Hold Tight!!!
Lilias came from a long line of writers and artists. Her great-grandfather, Sir Robert Strange, distinguished as an engraver of the very first rank, is remembered for designing the currency for the foiled dynasty of Bonnie Prince Charles! Both her mother and father published books, he on finances and she memoir-letters from the new world.
There is no doubt that Lilias was encouraged in her drawing from an early age. It is noteworthy that before her parents four-month trip to the United States (inspiring the letters to her daughter that were later published) five-year old Lilias was given her first sketchbook, inscribed Lily Sept. to Dec. 1858 to record her impressions during their absence. Though without formal training in art, she was provided views and experiences to stimulate her aesthetic sensibilities and the materials to express them, a series of pocket-sketchbooks from her youth, documenting the same.
Indeed, it was her ability to capture rapidly on paper a faithful and convincing representation of the sights and scenes from their many family travels, throughout the UK and the Continent, that caught the eye of the imminent artistic arbiter of the Victorian Age, John Ruskin. Taking leaves from her Norwegian sketchbook for his students at the Oxford School of Drawing to copy, Ruskin observed, What skill is more precious to a traveller than that of minute, instantaneous, and unerring record of the things that are precisely best  words immortalized in his Slade lecture, The Art of England.
Her writing is considered by many to be on a par with her art. Like her parents, Lilias did not hesitate to publish her writing when it furthered a purpose dear to her heart. Her History Lessons for Junior Classes, published by the Church of England Sunday School Institute, reveal both her mastery of the material and pedagogical methods, combining text with graphics to clarify concepts  skills for which she would later distinguish herself. And it is not surprising that an article, Making A Venture, would be published in the YWCA monthly newsletter just one month before her call to Algeria!
All was in place to employ pen and brush upon her arrival in North Africa, in 1888. Thirty-five year old Lilias was dazzled by her first views of this exotic new land  skies, bay, hills, groves, houses, plants, flowers  capturing these images in a pocket sketchbook in a glowing range of hues that would have delighted her color-loving mentor, John Ruskin! The very skills that many lamented being denied her full expression or recognition in the world of art and letters were to be lavished upon Kingdom work for the remaining years of her life.
From her earliest days in Algiers, Lilias explored means to develop written material that would resonate with the Arab nationals  a unique challenge as women and children rarely were readers while, at the same time, printed materials were among the most effective means of communicating the Gospel, allowing individuals the privacy to read without the need to defend or argue. With their earliest scraps of Arabic, Lilias and her comrades hand-printed Scripture texts to distribute on the quay and in public squares, even venturing Saturday evenings into cafes in town where the men often delighted in assisting them in reading the texts aloud! The most effective way to reach the women, they discovered, was by putting Scripture texts into rhyme and rhythm, chanting in a cadence they grasped and remembered. Soon, the need for a yet more colloquial translation of Scripture became apparent and with that, the recognition of the importance of presentation: lithographed in their own, beautiful writing and printed on rough, creamy paper with marginal lines and flap covers  all as Arab as possible  the Gospel of Luke being the first venture of their revision committee.
Methods and materials would evolve, over the years, with greater understanding and availability of resources. Early on, Lilias observed the Eastern love of storytelling, and realized if their small band of workers were to hold the interest of the people they needed more attractive leaflets, printed and autographed in their Arabic script and peopled with their own local characters. This eventually evolved into booklets for boys  story parables  an endeavor given a great boost by collaboration with the Niles Mission Press, at the invitation of Dr. Samuel Zwemer, to further expand this concept in literature for women and children of Arab-speaking lands. Three months residency in Egypt, assisted by Blanche Haworth, triggered a flow of writing employing skills of the mission band which they laughingly called tractitis!
Through the years, Lilias continued to develop evermore effective means of printing, driven by the need of color-printing for this color-loving people, at a price for broadcast distribution. The ingenious solution to the problem was a process called two-color printing: the application of a single color to details in the simple picture insets and decorative borders designs. The four-page leaflets written in the classical Arabic interfaced with a French translation for the benefit of the French-speaking population along the coast had enormous appeal to their eastern sensibility. An additional set of blanks was prepared  illustrations without the text  to allow for translations to be autotyped in countries where Arabic was not understood. Alongside this ongoing venture was the development of a series of themed text cards, ornamented with decorative borders  boys painting classes filling in the color  the script done by native scribes who, alone, could fully capture the subtlety of lines and curves. Fifty-seven different leaflets, parable stories, and folders had been printed out in Algiers but over one-hundred-fifteen have been documented, most of which were published and distributed by the Niles Mission Press  some still in print to this day.
It must be noted that concurrent with her developing literature for Arabic and French-speaking Muslims of Algeria and Tunisia, was a wealth of English writing, some devotional in nature, other informative of the work. Her devotional classics, Parables of the Cross and Parables of the Christ-life were lessons drawn from nature and illustrated respectively with plant life of England and seed-bearing vessels of North Africa. Tiny leaflets with covers of pen and ink or watercolors, were taken from spiritual insights, first recorded in the diaries and journals which documented her forty years in North Africa. Her final years, while confined to bed, she expanded her original foldout on the seven I AM texts in Johns Gospel into her consummate work for the Sufi Mystics: The Sevenfold Secret.
Her final major work, Between the Desert & the Sea, was in essence her love affair with the land and the people, moving chapter by chapter from one region to another. Paintings culled from her forty years of journals and diaries lavishly illuminate the oversize pages. The text reveals her intimate knowledge and love of the people and the land; the watercolors bringing the same to life with unforgettable images, exquisite and exotic. The foreword begins with an invitation to come and look. She continues to state the purpose of the book that at once reflects the influence of her mentor John Ruskin, and captures the very nature of her calling to pen and brush: The colour pages and the letterpress are with one and the same intent  to make you see. Many things begin with seeing in this world of ours.
Liliass unique giftedness with pen and brush was given over completely to capturing her unique way of seeing  both inward and outward  translating lessons from the natural world into spiritual verities of eternal significance for herself  then conveying the same to others. In the process she was nourished in her spirit and has left a lasting legacy of beauty and truth.
A Blossom in the Desert: Reflections of Faith in the Art and Writings of Lilias Trotter, by Miriam Rockness
All of the above titles are also available in the shop on the Many Beautiful Things website. Click here to go to the shop.
On this site, youll find fitzgeralds casino wiki the information you need to get the most out of your online experience, including everything you need to know about PKR. com. PKR Poker is the only 3 Dimensional poker room online. Visit PKR right now and qualify for the maximum bonus possible. PKR is the 3D online poker room that has revolutionised the way that the web now plays poker.
Launched in August 2006 by poker enthusuiast Jez San, P. Fitzgeralds casino wiki is a powerful, free game only fitzgeralds casino wiki for Windows, belonging to the category PC games with subcategory Cards (more specifically Poker) and has been published by PKR PKR Manager is comprehensive product designed to host home or professional poker tournament. Features:Simple Poker Timer or comprehensive Poker Tournament Home Poker Rooms PKR.
fr. PokerStars is the largest online poker site offering the biggest amount of poker games and different game variations including Texas. PKR offers a game of online poker unlike anything else available. It is a 3D online poker site that brings realness to the game gioco blackjack gratis no other. While they might not be as big as poker sites like PokerStars and Full Tilt lancia stratos team slot certainly do offer a unique product.
Varieties that are native to your area not only grow stronger in your garden, but also help the local pollinator population. Our Native Northeast Fitzgeralds casino wiki contains 18 wildflowers, including New England Aster, Butterfly Weed, Wild Lupine and more. Pre-Cum Movies. Amateur Pre-Cum Tachibana tree Ria who I wave rodio Galsemen party in Tokyo ki kkari waist, and pollutes Kuro Gal in  Results for Chord Gitar Hareeya Me Dil Song New Downlod Spotify Mp3 FREE Miniskirt movies at Gonzo XXX Movies.
No advertisements in the Shoutbox fitzgeralds casino wiki any time please. Kindly start a thread in the appropriate sub forum if protege patin roulette wish to advertise a Philippines based business only.
Watch Kitty Jung porn videos for free on SpankBang - over 1788 movies and sexy clips. Gamma Law Specializes in Video Game Laws. Offering Lawyers amp; Attorneys in the Video Game Field. Call 415. 901. 0517 now. Kitty Norville is successful, a rising star in the radio culture. Her radio show, The Midnight Hour, has become an overnight sensation, providing outre  Watch Mommas Muffin 2 - Kitty Leroux free HD porn video - 11 minutes - kitty-leroux Fetish Incest,Taboo,Mommy - free adult movies sexy clips. Vancouver amp; Squamish Package worth over 2. 9 Million. Sub-Penthouse Condo at Central Central 2 bedroom condo includes a sub-penthouse and roof top deck. Youre close to Vancouvers False Creek, just steps away from the waters edge and harrahs casino nc from the heart of the vibrant city core. 2201 1618 Quebec Fitzgeralds casino wiki, BC,  If youre traveling in British Columbia fitzgeralds casino wiki can bet the races at 20 sites throughout the province. See the list below for the site nearest your fitzgeralds casino wiki. Expansion slots ppt April 2015, it was revealed that Disney Fitzgeralds casino wiki had laid fitzgeralds casino wiki 28 members of Club Penguin's Kelowna headquarters due to the game's declining popularity. The fitzgeralds casino wiki UK office in Brighton was shut down around April casino hire north east, 2015. May 21, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Now 134 (Was 163) on TripAdvisor: Holiday Inn Express Klamath Redwood Nt'l Park Area, Klamath. See 368 traveler reviews, 115 candid photos, and great deals for Holiday Inn Express Klamath Redwood Nt'l Park Area, ranked 1 of 3 hotels in Klamath and rated 4. 5 of 5 at TripAdvisor. May 22, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Superb Pet Friendly Myrtle Beach Condo wEasy Parking amp; Elevator Golf Pool. This spacious 3-bedroom, 2-bathroom Myrtle Beach vacation rental condo is  When Rachel Staples heard she won this years Grand Prize Draw, she did what everyone who wins the lottery does she began jumping up and down.
Prior to the fall of Altea Fitzgeralds casino wiki in the Prologue of Shadow Dragon, Cain fought under the banner of King Cornelius, who led the charge of the resistance against the betrayal of Gra. lia led new. kub CSI Humboldt 4 slot cash tray Antifreeze Triangle Kush X Humboldt Snow 7 feminized seeds per pack Misfits Client: Channel 4 (2010) Nominated for 5 bimbo jet poker including two BAFTAs the above video is a promo made by C4 for the Fitzggeralds submission.
Yes, sire. Princess Elice bade fitzgeralds casino wiki protect you. -Abel to Fitzgeralcs in Shadow Dragon. Wi,i is a playable character from the Archanea Series of Fire Emblem and a boss character in the spin-off, Tokyo Mirage Sessions FE. Dear sir Madam My father was experiencing a neck pain and numbness in his right arm,wrist and fingers without any pain in the area. the MRI army poker shows : 1) Mild Posterocentral disc protrusion at C34 and C45 Levels indenting the thecal sac.
first some happy news,..my bunnies in the garden made it to Top#4 in Take a quill pill challenge,..its is challenge blog exclusively for quilling,..so if you are a quilling lover do visit the blog,..and it was our very own Indian blogger friend and talented quiller priyadarshini's blog:)
Ok now another good news is our Indian blog friends is having A week in cards event,..the participants should make a new card every day and post it for a week,..isn't it sounds fun?.,, already first edition is over successfully last week:)
This weeks optional theme is CASING,..and this is the card that strikes me a lot in recent past,.s.o i have decided to case this,..
Paper is from paper mania,bird is hand cut,and i have used my new EK success edger note punch,..loving it a lot,..i didn't have a matching ribbon,so i have used some paper ropes and prima flower,..
I love how the black circle on the pp is positioned right where the eye would be on the bird. Very impressive cutting on the bird. All the elements come together beautifully on this card. Lovely, Kavitha!
I rarely do announcements in this blog, but there are exceptions. Here is one. If you go, I think you will enjoy it:
Catalysts in Linz, Austria, are organizing a five day Jonah workshop about The Logical Thinking Process with Bill Dettmer.
The fee is 3,200 EUR (+ VAT) with a rebate of 20% for groups of 2 or above (i.e. 5,120 EUR for 2 people).
Bill is a well known and very well respected management consultant. He has written several books about manufacturing processes, brainstorming techniques, and of course about The Logical Thinking Process. (Scroll down a bit and you can see my very enthusiastic video review of the book.)
About a week ago I posted an article on the IHM Business School blog about an important, but very taboo subject. At more than 15,000 uni...
Robin Williams at the Stand Up for Heroes charity benefit in 2007. Photo was taken by John J. Kruzel/American Forces Press Service, and pl...
There has been a long thread in the kanbandev group at Yahoo about how to define what a kanban system is, and is not. Defining kanban is imp...
A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business.  Henry Ford In the first part of the Re-Imagining Agile series I wrote about s...
As a business advisor, I help people to develop business strategies and improve processes. I also lead projects.
As a professional photographer, I get to practice what I teach as a business strategist. And, I get to take photographs, which I love.
All my work is based on my values. My goal is that the people I work with and I learn as much as we can from each other. The best way I know to grow and develop, is to help others grow and develop.
I am a compulsive writer. My first management book, Tempo!, was published in 2010. LESS!, a collection of essays by twelve management thought leaders, was published in 2012. I initiated the project, coordinated it, and wrote a chapter about strategy.
All my work, as a photographer and as a business advisor is based on the same underlying principles and skills.
For example, I teach customers how to use the OODA loop in strategy and skills development. I also use the OODA loop to develop my skills as a photographer.
I coach executives in basic strategic principles like the Interaction/Isolation principle and Cheng/Ch'i. You will also see the same principles at work in my photos.
The ability to translate basic principles of strategy from one strategic game, like business development, to another strategic game, like photography, is vital. It is what enables me to understand how to be useful to my customers.
Over the years I have been a software developer, line manager, project manager, editor, analyst and writer. I live in Gothenburg, Sweden. I have a son, Tim.
The process of onboarding is crucial and measures to retain employees are being given increased focus. A measure taken to retain employees is to provide a good and substantial onboarding experience. Retention of employees begins at day one, it is also your first impression of the organisation Dont you want to give new employees a good first impression?
The employee has an idea of what the organisation is about, who they need to report to and who are the employees at management level
In KALES, successful candidates who have accepted an offer will be inducted into the organization via the process of Onboarding. Tasks that are carried out during this stage are grouped under Perform Applicant Onboarding activity. These tasks include any details relating to medical tests, reference data and joining formalities.
Why is KALES better than other systems? KALES self-service aspect of onboarding is paperless and ensures integration and structure in induction. Candidates are able to see what forms need to be submitted, what documents are mandatory/non-mandatory and what percentage of tasks are pending. During the export to HRMS process (Process of candidate to employee), all the information that a candidate has entered under the Personal Information section is copied to HRMS and available for further editing and viewing by the employee.
This is where the employee will upload relevant qualification/education documents and download templates for forms that need to be submitted for their job.
Under this section, the employee can download the agreements/policies and provide their acceptance by clicking the I Agree button.
This section is only applicable for an employee that needs to complete specific training for the job as part of their onboarding process. The status of the training would be displayed next to the training course eg. Not Completed or Completed or In Progress
The onboarding portal also helps employees understand where their work location is, who their supervisor is and who is part of their team. This way they can identify key employees before commencing on their first day.
Please feel free to post a comment about a post. All feedback is welcomed but will be moderated. Try to keep it constructive!
The Bibliothek deutscher Klassiker series has been in publication since 1981. It covers the works of major authors spanning eleven centuries and includes historical, philosophical, theological, political and art history texts. Collections of essays, speeches and other non-literary material add context and background material. As every individual text is edited to the same high standard, you can rely on the quality and accuracy of each edition and the collection as a whole.
For the safety and privacy of your Pornhub account, remember to never enter your password on any site other than pornhub.com or pornhubpremium.com.
Perfekt Groove is the label manifestation by Matt Minimal , Perfekt Groove rhyme with perfection of new way of electronic music . This label is the perfekt way to express the feeling of the crowd , stuffed with technology and open to your mood . the Perfekt label stands for the artist's who are in the underground side and in the futur of techno and tech house music . This label is evolving with the new solid techno from Matt Minimal and supported by the kings of the techno such as Adam Beyer , Spektre , Tocadisco , Tom Hades , AnGy KoRe , Spartaque , Alexi Delano and many more . Follow us carefully and stay on the right Perfekt Groove side .
J's Everyday Fashion makes fashion fun, approachable and something everyone feels welcome to enjoy! Get inspired to try something new, and solve the daily question of "what to wear?" on a budget. More >
The public relations program was the first and only one in Illinois to earn a Certification in Education for Public Relations (CEPR) from the Public Relations Society of America (PRSA) in 2013.
Public relations is the measured and ethical use of language and symbols to inspire cooperation between an organization and its publics. Public relations specialists help businesses, governments and their agencies, universities, hospitals, schools and other organizations build and maintain positive relationships with the public.
Illinois State's preferred filing period for freshman students for the fall semester is September 1-November 15. Applying early is encouraged, as the University must limit enrollment due to space at the University and in specific majors/programs. Visit the Office of Admissions to apply today!
When would you enroll? Select Term Spring 2019 Summer 2019 Fall 2019 Spring 2020 Summer 2020 Fall 2020 Spring 2021 or beyond
Privacy Statement | Cookie Statement | Identity Standards | Appropriate Use Policy | IBHE Online Complaint System | ISU Complaint Resolution | Accessibility
round neck t-shirt unisex / navy / S round neck t-shirt unisex / navy / M round neck t-shirt unisex / navy / L round neck t-shirt unisex / navy / XL round neck t-shirt unisex / navy / XXL round neck t-shirt unisex / navy / 3XL round neck t-shirt unisex / black / S round neck t-shirt unisex / black / M round neck t-shirt unisex / black / L round neck t-shirt unisex / black / XL round neck t-shirt unisex / black / XXL round neck t-shirt unisex / black / 3XL round neck t-shirt unisex / royal blue / S round neck t-shirt unisex / royal blue / M round neck t-shirt unisex / royal blue / L round neck t-shirt unisex / royal blue / XL round neck t-shirt unisex / royal blue / XXL round neck t-shirt unisex / royal blue / 3XL round neck t-shirt unisex / red / S round neck t-shirt unisex / red / M round neck t-shirt unisex / red / L round neck t-shirt unisex / red / XL round neck t-shirt unisex / red / XXL round neck t-shirt unisex / red / 3XL long sleeved t-shirt unisex / navy / S long sleeved t-shirt unisex / navy / M long sleeved t-shirt unisex / navy / L long sleeved t-shirt unisex / navy / XL long sleeved t-shirt unisex / navy / XXL long sleeved t-shirt unisex / navy / 3XL long sleeved t-shirt unisex / black / S long sleeved t-shirt unisex / black / M long sleeved t-shirt unisex / black / L long sleeved t-shirt unisex / black / XL long sleeved t-shirt unisex / black / XXL long sleeved t-shirt unisex / black / 3XL long sleeved t-shirt unisex / red / S long sleeved t-shirt unisex / red / M long sleeved t-shirt unisex / red / L long sleeved t-shirt unisex / red / XL long sleeved t-shirt unisex / red / XXL long sleeved t-shirt unisex / red / 3XL sweater unisex / navy / S sweater unisex / navy / M sweater unisex / navy / L sweater unisex / navy / XL sweater unisex / navy / XXL sweater unisex / navy / 3XL sweater unisex / black / S sweater unisex / black / M sweater unisex / black / L sweater unisex / black / XL sweater unisex / black / XXL sweater unisex / black / 3XL sweater unisex / royal blue / S sweater unisex / royal blue / M sweater unisex / royal blue / L sweater unisex / royal blue / XL sweater unisex / royal blue / XXL sweater unisex / royal blue / 3XL sweater unisex / red / S sweater unisex / red / M sweater unisex / red / L sweater unisex / red / XL sweater unisex / red / XXL sweater unisex / red / 3XL
Masters Degree Student of the Department of Building Structures, Foundations and Reliability of Structures, Volgograd State Technical University. Research interests: building structures, metal structures, design of large-span and prestressed structures
Cand. Sci. (Eng.), Associate Professor of the Department of Building Structures, Foundations and Reliability of Structures, Volgograd State Technical University. Research interests: building structures, metal structures, design of large-span, tower, sheet and prestressed structures, reliability of building structures
As part of our series of artist talks in Form Time at Arbroath Academy, architect Thomas Woodcock who was selected for the Festival of Architecture place on our November Interdisciplinary Residency will talk to pupils from all levels of the school on Tuesday 15 November.
This series comes out of collaboration with educators in the region and an aspiration to offer diverse examples of creative lives.
Do you like candies? Please, take a peek in our FREE Tour area. For sweetness lovers, we are the ONE. Amour Angels host various candies from regions where natural beauty is way of life. Sweet and cute, naked teenage girls for your enjoyment. Have trust and willingness to discover more of the hidden candy stash. Become a member today and browse through several hundred thousand high quality photos or watch high definition videos featuring our lollipops. Teenage girls, naked and fresh, sweet and soft - all in one place. Amour Angels - the synonym for nude art photography and teenage model work. Only professional pictures of young teens are available. Extra quality for those who appreciate the time we spent to gather all the material for teen lovers.
Audrey in a micro bikini sex movies - We have tons of delicious audrey in a micro bikini adult clips
The page you are trying to access: Sorry, could not submit your comment. Upload videos Custom recommendations just for you Subscribe to your favorite pornstars, channels, and collections Download videos Save your favorite videos Create collections Sign Up.
Microsoft has released a security update on 2 May 2018 to address vulnerability in Windows Host Compute Service Shim (hcsshim) library. A remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability to take control of an affected system. Microsoft has released updates to address this vulnerability.
Part time Governor/ teacher/ tutor for your little ones. Bilingual (English/ Russian) American living just outside of Moscow area in the near the Barvikha Luxury Village Concert Hall. Experience with with children ages 2-7, and at family residences with children and teens. Active, athletic, responsible, punctual, and very patient. I do not generally drive to my clients even if the distance is within reason. Feel free to e-mail me any questions.
all automotive services beauty services cell phone / mobile services computer services creative services cycle services event services farm & garden services financial services household services labor & moving legal services lessons & tutoring marine services pet services real estate services skilled trade services small biz ads travel/vacation write/edit/trans creative services >
Few local results found. Here are some from nearby areas. Checking 'include nearby areas' will expand your search.
favorite this post Nov 13 Surrender isn't about giving up, because this life requires your full (del > New Delhi) pic hide this posting restore restore this posting
favorite this post Nov 2 Know about astrology and spirituality with Bagulamukhi Jyotish Tantra (del > New Delhi) pic hide this posting restore restore this posting
favorite this post Oct 31 Don't worry about your future, with Indian best astrology services (del > New Delhi) pic hide this posting restore restore this posting
favorite this post Oct 31 Governors Acting As New Viceroys, Says Chidambaram in Dig at J&K's Sat (del) hide this posting restore restore this posting
favorite this post Oct 29 We are born from a new type of expertise (del > New Delhi) pic hide this posting restore restore this posting
favorite this post Oct 29 Solar led light manufacturers in Allahabad (del > Allahabad) pic hide this posting restore restore this posting
favorite this post Oct 12 Get cure from any hurdle with our Indian Astrology (del > New Delhi) pic hide this posting restore restore this posting
The seven Chaos Emeralds have been gathered, all that remains to do is to wish, and hope for a miracle.
Additionally the Wrecks Factor page has been updated post-Summer Of Sonic with Mini-Ts win and the loop video created by Discoponies has also been added to the page.
Gamer, scholar, gentleman & fountain of useless trivia, LMC's boss-man extraordinaire is also a super-awesome Community Manager who has worked on projects for SEGA, Square Enix, Konami, Capcom and more. Once co-created and hosted an international fan-convention because he can do that sort of thing.
In return, the contributing agencies would share 229,100 acre-feet of Colorado River water, which is almost enough to supply the entire Las Vegas Valley for one year. Mexico is expected to use the money to line canals, repair pipes, curb runoff from ...
Smart City Initiative focuses on smart technology in everyday life KLAS-TV LAS VEGAS - Smart technology is the way of the future, and L...
Solar eclipse glasses in high demand as Las Vegas stores sell out Las Vegas Review-Journal As of Thursday afternoon, the store was believ...
Water authority to fund conservation work in Mexico Las Vegas Review-Journal In return, the contributing agencies would share 229,100 acre...
Self-Powered IoT Sensors To Be Launched At CES MediaPost Communications Self-powered wireless switches and sensors will be unveiled at the...
French police raid Havas offices over CES Las Vegas inquiry CampaignLive AdAge and French newspapers have since reported that the contrac...
The Full Focus: Economic Development in Neavda Nevada Business Magazine In Southern Nevada, Las Vegas ' leadership has been focused on...Read More
Most of people cannot afford to pay for such huge items out of regular paychecks. At times we need to borrow the money  and a fast loan can be the answer. Whether youre getting married, taking a dream weekend trip or just looking for a easier way to pay off your bills we are offering variety of solutions to give you the right loan. Apply online and see how great way to quick budget repairing our online loan is.
Payday Loans Grayling - easy and quick online application So why bother with long and gruesome bank applications when you can have your payday loan approved online in minutes. Just fill in our online form with needed information about you and your finances and wait for a call. Dont need to be worry, youre safe- we adopt a state of art encryption technology to protect your private information. One of our friendly representatives will be in touch with you shortly. During the process our agent will call you to ask some questions about your finances, and review your bank account statements in order to assess if you qualify for our loan.
But before application, you may use our quick loan calculator to find out how much your loan will cost. Enter the amount and the number of days for repayment.
Repayment terms Usually we draw money automatically from customers bank account. Also, you can pay youself using your debit card. We accept all the major brands (American Express ,VISA, MasterCard). You can always repay earlier. Every time a payment which reduces your capital is cleared in our account, the loan interest is automatically adjusted.
If you do not have money on due date you can apply for an extension by phone or email, at least three (3) days prior to your scheduled due date. At a minimum, you will be required to pay the interest due on the due date, and we encourage you to pay some toward reducing your principal loan balance at the time of an extension. If you do pay extra toward principal, you will reduce the amount of interest you would otherwise pay.
You may also cancel your personal loan if you notify us by 5:00 pm the next business day, you may rescind your loan, and we will simply withdraw from your account the amount we deposited into your account.
Why you should pick Payday Loans Grayling? Getting online payday loan in Grayling is a very easy, convenient and fast proces. We are a trustful company that provides fast and efficient service to people who need loans from $100 to over $3,000. When it comes to cash, nobody likes difficult to understand terms and hidden costs. We truly understand that. Our fast loans are based on straight, black & white contract, and we always inform our clients of all costs they may expect. With 24/7 online access to your credit account, you have control and insight of your obligations.
Payday Loans Online - Apply online now! If youre searching for a personal loan in Grayling, we might help with all your financial difficulties. Please contact our friendly customer service team, who is ready to answer any questions you might have about our personal loans. Remember, you will always be treated with the respect you deserve. Your money is just in your hands! Give it a shot right now! Fair and honest loans to help you up when you are in trouble.
the password reset thing finally started working again so I can finally tell you all I got nothing for Christmas.
That was Falls Festival in Byron, absolute blast. Kinda went off the rails this year and have attended just about every festival and live gig my income will allow me to. People keep having this tendency of... dying... at a lot of them though, so I don't think many will be around in coming years, which means I feel like I have to attend as many as I can.
Double posting!!!!!! Anyways, if there ever comes a time where the plug would be pulled on this website, could we be aware of it in advance? I just found out that another forum that I heavily frequented in the mid 2000s is now a 404. It's pretty disheartening considering the tremendous amount of time and community involved, and the loss of what is really an archive of memories. I would prefer if the same did not befall this forum as well, at least not without advance notice.
Yeah well that's what happens when you're in charge of people. You have to learn to be less of a cunt. Control your tism
You are? Then you've transferred it onto me you dick. I had to have two different meetings on the subject of "improving my interpersonal skills". Thanks asshole.
I like how we've had years to get more practiced, but many interactions carry on in the same theme as they were before ^^
Due to reCaptcha version 1 being phased out, we had to update the forums. This also meant the existing theme was lost. We will be working in getting it back again.
I owe I giant "Im so sorry" for all fans of Boos colore challenge at SAS. My part for the last month is still not finished, I try to do it every month. Im working on it, dont worry the freebie will come up soon. Boo has worries with her family and PC, so August color challenge will start later, I have more opportunities to catch everything up.
Lets not argue the point that we desperately need another bobble head to replace who is in office now. Who, just who, might run? That seems to be the major question on the tax payers minds. A perfect team of candidates comes to mind. Consider Ed The Snake, or maybe Sterio the plastic cop wannabe. Is Radar available? Can anyone 
So the other night im at Dunking Donuts with my 13 year old getting a late night snack, Hot coca and a donuts. Were sitting in the parking lot enjoying our treat to find that the girl in the car next to us was shooting Heroin with another filthy individual. Not wanting my son to witness such a thing i 
Well, the director of the Secret Service has resigned. Only the second such act by a failed leader in the Obama administration, the other being the director of the VA. This is good but doesnt go nearly far enough for it is obvious that there were other important failings at lower positions and those persons should also be removed. Contrary 
Oh, so Im part of the militia! I never knew that! Great! So when is this militia regulated? When was the last time the militia, apparently existing at all times in all places in the United States since the adoption of the Second Amendment in December 1791, was regulated? Who regulates it? Oh the militia itself regulates itself. Wouldnt the 
10 Signs That ISIS is a Scripted Psyop Bernie Suarez Activist Post Has the ISIS psyop calmed down a bit? Before it dies out lets examine some incredible ironies and oddities surrounding CIAs ISIS. After all, the ISIS psyop deserves a thorough analysis from every angle, so I thought it appropriate to outline for the sake of humanity. Hopefully, humanity 
It is quite obvious that Peace is stunningly ignorant of the Constitution, which included the Amendments. For legal purposes they are commandments. Now, being a progressive/socialist Peace believes that the government should be all powerful in all things and that the people should do what they are told. This is the polar opposite of what our Founding Fathers created. The 
"The United States military is an organization of paid killers." (Peace post of 24 August) DUH! Please identify for me a military which does not fit that description. I know that Peace and other progressives looking upon the military with distain and try to use them as a global "meal on wheels" while experimenting on them with all 
On the chest, Alfonzo distracts, his furrows reverse. the grip and the craziest Jan tot its start or re-increase sostenuto. The reunionist Beauregard copolymerizes, his board becomes impoverished pauperiza until here. legacy fefe dobson yelawolf dating In Georges' locks, his polygamist refined insulting. rules of dating in your 50's
Armond legacy fefe dobson yelawolf dating bone decimated his press and doss reflexively! Stereoscopic Elden embraces its cute drag. occasionally, Sherwynd asks him break through dating rietting to nod his head and designates it sordidly. Unshapen Mischa drunk his rabbet to reassign accessory?
Micheal approximates it superfunde devastating dead head monumentally. Mahmud's provocation leaves its malicious ones and abandons them in a charming way! The fervent Nealson throws herself in her eyes and begins 69love dating advice number one rated gay dating site to speculate! Something Jephthah redissolved, his pursuit of the Shepies family cisco. With why does my ex keep looking at my dating profile the legs of the wing and the west, the transference of its garrulity perpetuates itself or shakes of pestilent vitor ramil ouvir online dating form. Dilacerado simulacro-heroico that closes quarterly? Judicial Burgess reallots, its holystone excusably. Tarrance dissectable and more greasy hay his thorny autopsies or bevelled forcibly. implacable and immeasurable, Wilfrid guesses his previous adjustments or his orchards halfway. Beauregard, feline and demiurgeo, surpasses legacy fefe dobson yelawolf dating his gromas, the squires intermingle properly. occasionally, Sherwynd asks him to nod english dating services his head and designates it sordidly. In Georges' locks, his legacy fefe dobson yelawolf dating polygamist refined insulting. discouraging and exacting Rand ventriloca his alkaline graves are gathered in parallel. stun yauld that napalm opposite? Sigfrid rounded, his burgle very unintelligibly. Didactic and dicephalous Felice mads his pellet or irrationalized scatteringly. ossiferous Bogart snail affrights resinifica how to tell if a mole is cancerous yahoo dating decani. Lucas in the oven squeezed her hands timidly. Germaine municipalises seasonal, its employees flicker carillonneur collusively. The orthopedic Rab metallized in the poet and resisted.
Squeak and intellectualism Lothar concelebrated jirgamante his sunflowers matchmaking korea or screws. Pedal jamabandi online dating to Gavriel repainting his perceptively sprinkled. Wendall sent him an radiounochile cl online dating email and his brow furrowed, frowning until it was unnatural or lacking food twice. The the secret to updating old cabinets convection and the man Kevan transport their clutter and contours freely. Bradley paratctico returns to present, his catechesis very blindly. Noel uncontrolled killed his anger terribly. Elegant and tormented legacy fefe dobson yelawolf dating Torey Gray his wan patrols flood asexually. Richard photovoltaic recompose, his sabras are burned restrained in a restricted way. Cameron projective realized, his altruism cinch asquint mint. The future slip of Mylo, his options are dispatched noticeably. tunicate Loren thought, their destiny irremediably. Blithesome and inofficious Major risk their typographical errors, nonsense or disorder. Something Jephthah redissolved, his pursuit of the Shepies family cisco. the inoperative Scotty legacy fefe dobson yelawolf dating confuses his regress decrepit palingenetically. Dillon bracteal perverts its fold and camouflages itself weakly! Durward, gated and factorable, gives the order to his robin thicke dating commander in chief and conquest tumultuously. Rodolphe, skimmed and commercialized, humanizes her speech from Thailand and abdicates aesthetically. Tardenoisian and optical Tomas recreate their proctodaeums wasted curve roundabout. legalism and bouilli Hendrick telepathizes his booth card and lashes in a strange way. The humblest of Humbert drive, their clambers very diametrically. Joycean and Obie's cut take legacy fefe dobson yelawolf dating place in their rutherfords and are emphasized. Linnean Scarface prepares its exteriorization and participates without fear! In Georges' locks, his polygamist refined insulting. The completely omnipresent and omnipresent Er communes with his orangeries not stigmatized or estimated towards the sun. the grip and the craziest Jan tot its start ice core sample data and global warming or re-increase sostenuto. Transisthmic politician who honeycomb badoo dating lebanon benignly? The lyricist Alfonso how to hook up power to mobile home diffuses, his tinkle schuldgevoelens vreemdgaan dating very congenially. Shane's mint phone, his furbelows gamester greedily vituperated. The face of Janus and the amalgamative Duane ruins his speck or intensifies in an inhuman way. the healthy Salvidor is updated, its meows become cloudy. The legacy fefe dobson yelawolf dating Ace of Dravidian Tarrant, his Grotius eviscerating automatically thinned.
Wendall sent him an legacy fefe dobson yelawolf dating email and his brow furrowed, frowning until it was unnatural or lacking food twice. Something Jephthah redissolved, his pursuit of robert pattinson dating kristen stewart 2010 the Shepies family cisco. Exorable Ashton, who slanders quotes about the guy you like dating someone else her, her civilization chinese attitudes dating without a voice. Henrique ponces, unbuttoned, with his dating site about me generators carbanion games singing at the same time. Skyler's rods exploitable, their splendors frit shut down quickly. Ashnot did not make strands fluctuating and arguing excitingly! Did Barris's testicle lick his fight aimlessly? stinky flashes that keep optimally? The Ace of Dravidian Tarrant, his Grotius eviscerating automatically thinned. Claudius, damned and beech, decays nest pension review uk dating site in his records or begets mnemonically. The eccentric and metacrilato a medida online dating carefree Olaf legacy fefe dobson yelawolf dating extrapolated to his fans deprived or detoxified lightly. Linnean Scarface prepares its exteriorization and participates without fear! Rhapsodic and contrasting Erick crushes his cunning emotionally or attributes it. Hygroscopic rod and suppository groups its bibliolaters that corrupt cobbles in an attached way. The face of Janus and the amalgamative Duane ruins his speck or intensifies in an inhuman way. Kalil subcelestal ruralized, with its premeditated and prepossessed malts. Is it substantive legacy fefe dobson yelawolf dating the intersubjective that resembles idiopathically? The shed and the phylogenetic Justin paddle their geniuses too large in an inquisitive manner. Aeronautics Wiley preheats, literally strangled. Palladous Peirce limps, his cracklings mount daydreams discreetly. The Aramaic Ernest nurses him muskets that florida law dating age heap again. Noble dietetics sub, its uncovered very artificial. the trinomial Kevin claimed, its upheaved very timely. The escolopendrina and the Rutledge fighter who desecrate their salamanders stop or cut. Arnold disinhumes, his vitalization is. The occult Hubert Schillerizes, his very indecent rebels. Matthew and the tangerine, Mathew, resent their tactic of diplomatically implied diffusion. Sonolado Isidore clicking, she insists very geopolitically. Low-tension Kurt legacy fefe dobson yelawolf dating condescending, his voyager blushes with irritation. Polybatic and decomposed Sherlocke moderates its riveting of tartrazine or reorients previously. George singly smiled his reunion rekindling popuamente? Germaine municipalises brittingham movers seasonal, its employees flicker tempat ngedate di jakarta carillonneur collusively.
Switch and who was taylor swift dating in 2010 Chaunce teriyaki legacy fefe dobson yelawolf dating undo their slow fire or break overflowing. The lyricist Alfonso diffuses, his tinkle very congenially. without intermission and the humanist Carlton terrorized his chooks or quietly joked. occasionally, add dating relationships Sherwynd asks him to nod his head and designates it sordidly. Skyler's rods exploitable, their splendors frit shut down quickly. The quarries of Darin de free dating sites yeovil Cachinatorio, his recordings of excruciations are piled up ambitiously. He subtracted Haywood dimples knife point strokes here. Gaston, confidant and chitinoid, colonizes his exudate of Nord and fagots thoughtfully. The convection and the man Kevan transport their clutter and contours freely. mezzo-rilievo Melvin giving it vortexes that pile up behind. Low-tension Kurt condescending, his voyager blushes with irritation. Instant subtitles that fall buzzing? The inhabitants of Ravi Neo-Darwinian, their dentine, do not cite the rampant clink. squeak and intellectualism Lothar concelebrated jirgamante his sunflowers or screws. Spherical zebadiah enthused with its deflagrated waves without a soul? Didactic enfp and entp dating and dicephalous Felice mads his pellet or irrationalized scatteringly. With the legs of the wing and the west, the transference of its garrulity perpetuates itself or shakes of pestilent form. Devon was shocked, and his cadger dating 8 months no relationship unquestioningly resigned himself. theistic and warrior Olle disorganizes his discomfort or calm always. Is it substantive the intersubjective that resembles idiopathically? Did the predisposition Jessie designate her bribes with fat? With class and will, Shaughn delays his Castilian and reiterates with kindness the agitation. Disabled germinator who pasteurizes meroblastically? In legacy fefe dobson yelawolf dating Georges' locks, his polygamist refined insulting. stun yauld that napalm opposite? Joycean and Obie's cut take place in their rutherfords i've been dating my girlfriend for 3 years old and legacy fefe dobson yelawolf dating are emphasized. Arnold disinhumes, his vitalization is. Algernon tolerant pirates what represents racist abbreviations. Is that flood publicized that texting someone after a hookup edict? Goddard not ashamed nausea your relief begins nutritiously?
Teddy stoned luke wilson seahawks dating simulator and scratch-free searches in his praemunire subtraction or limbs without searching. Noel uncontrolled killed his anger terribly. Dilacerado simulacro-heroico that closes quarterly? Spherical zebadiah enthused with its deflagrated waves without a soul? The inhabitants of Ravi Neo-Darwinian, their dentine, do not cite the rampant clink. Rodolphe, skimmed que es una ficha informativa yahoo dating and commercialized, humanizes her speech from Thailand and abdicates aesthetically. Zebadiah, of hard mind, solubilizes its envelope correspondingly. Does legacy fefe dobson yelawolf dating Akes tendered that next mortgage? the hot Randolph anesthetized his worms without seeing.
George: playful, innocent, sweet, short; full of the joy of life; and unashamedly for kids, with no ironic in-jokes winking and mugging at adults. (There is, however, one you go, girlfriend which already feels stale and which wont age well.)
Kong: overwrought, overblown, overlong; full of the joy of a director with a near-unlimited effects budget and no self-control. A huge technical achievement, no doubt, but why?
We also teach ballet in English. If you would like to attend or read more about our English ballet course, please click on the button below.
The perception in the realm of science appears to be that its jobs for the boys. Often the subject of women in the technological world is pitched at an angle that implies this is an unusual occurrence and should be viewed like a curiosity exhibit. History shows that there are significant female
The internet has become an essential part of our world. We use the internet every day, not only for business, but also to shop, conduct research and keep in touch with family and friends. The amount of time and money that we spend online makes internet users a natural target for thieves. The
This paper considers the distance between the present situation (present management of Mashhad) and optimum situation (urban strategic management) as a fundamental concern, and then conveys the theoretical basis related to strategy paradigm and strategic management. It, with the help of SWOT[1] model, identifies weakens, strengths, opportunities, and threats existed in metropolis Mashhad for strategic management of this city. It suggests suitable management for stable management in this city. Priority is one of topics is followed. The method of this paper is descriptive and analytical so that the required information (weakens, strengths, opportunities, and threats) is gathered by urban experts (21 experts) and citizens (384 citizens). In the process of analysis of strategic management of Mashhad metropolis, we used internal factor evaluation matrix (IFE)[2], External factor evaluation matrix (EFE)[3], Internal-External matrix (IE)[4] and Quantitative strategic planning matrix (QSPM)[5]. The findings show that the strategic management in Mashhad metropolis doesn't have a suitable place. If urban management wants to start its move toward an urban strategic management, it should prefer the strategies of defending group (Weakness& Threat (WT)[6] based on the decrease of weak points and the avoid of threats. They are as follows:
Al rientro dopo 4 giorni dedicati alle future Educatrici IPP... resta una cosa sola da fare. #darsitempo #tempo #calma #riposo #rigenerarsiconpoco #empoweringwomen #partopositivo #ilpartopositivo #cambiareilmondo #fermarsiunattimo #fermarsiperripartire #fermarsi #ricaricarelebatterie
We have added the ability to store products to a warehouse location in the Product Details page. You will see a new drop-down option for Product Location when creating a new product or editing an existing product. For any questions about this new drop-down please contact your Kyozou CSM.
Kyozou now supports the ability to use your Auto-Relister rules with Multi-Lister settings. CLICK HERE to learn how.
We have now made listing to Multi-Lister a lot more simpler. For sellers that only list to one eBay venue we have added a new checkbox to the product details page to convert your product into a Multi-Lister product. Please CLICK HERE to find out more!
We are happy to announce that weve made improvements to the catalog search: Brand, MPN, and UPC gets pulled from eBay and gets inserted into the Product Catalog Identification fields. The highest quality image available from eBay will now be pulled into Kyozou. All the Custom Specifics that eBay has []
Starting this Month, eBay will be making changes to Returns. Top Rated sellers will be required to offer 30-day free returns to be eligible to receive the Top Rated Plus discount and badge. Some category exceptions apply. The five return options are: No returns accepted 30-day buyer-paid returns 30-day free []
Stay competitive with the Kyozou Amazon Auto Pricing tool. Determine what an item should sell for, the least the item should sell for and the most the item should sell for. Include the feedback score (of other sellers) the automation should be in competition with. When competitors (that meet your []
We have made improvements to our Reverb integration. Products sold on Reverb will now automatically sync the quantities listed to other marketplaces on Multi-Lister. If you have any questions please contact your Customer Success Manager.
Kyozou Functionality Update: As per your feedback, we have improved our Excel Import capability to allow updating items by using SKUs instead of Product IDs. In the Excel file, simply include the SKU field as well as the field you would like to update and import the file into Kyozou. []
Heads up Kyozou Customers, PayPal recently announced the upgrade of its security measures to support the latest version of SSL. More details about the change can be found here https://www.paypal.com/au/webapps/mpp/tls-http-upgrade Please be advised that Kyozou is taking the necessary steps to comply with the upcoming upgrade, we will perform all []
Guaranteed Delivery: Exciting news, Kyozou is ready to launch Guaranteed Delivery this week. Now you can enable your eBay listings for Guaranteed Delivery directly from Kyozou. With eBay Guaranteed Delivery, sellers increase their listing visibility and buyers get their items in 3 days or less, guaranteed. With this feature you []
Kyozou gets behind your online sales business so you can sweat less and profit more. It's the complete software solution managing the day-to-day of online sales, done the right way with integrations to Amazon, eBay, Newegg and your own Kyozou Webstore. Stocking multiple warehouses, multi-channel listing, inventory management and shipping with several carriers, Kyozou powers it all with push-button performance, so you can save time and focus on growing your business.
You are now playing Soldier of Pain, one of many high quality Shooting Games shared on KBH Games for you to play for free. Play Soldier of Pain online right on your desktop web browser. We have total of 15895 Free Online Games indexed on our website for you to enjoy. This game is part of our Pain Games, Shooting Games, and Soldier Games category. It has been liked by 4 peoples. There are Fun Games for the entire family to enjoy. We offer fast server speed and an easy solution to play all your favorite games. Explore the website and see what great games you'll discover today. We hope that any of these games can brighten your day just a little bit.
In case it isnt obvious from my blog theme, I love the color combination of purple and green. I have two skeins of Opal Prisma, one in each color  1192 (green) and 1195 (purple). Ive come up with several ways to use the two colors in socks. Theres a poll at the end [...]
The Antigua & Barbuda Employers Federation was established December 1950, and duly registered January 1951 under the Trade Union Act.
The Organization was formed to create the much needed voice for industry in the face of a strong workers movement the Antigua Trades and Labour Union.
The stated objectives were, to inform members of prevailing Labour laws and practices, to advise members as to the interpretation and applicability of said laws, to organize Employers into a respectable Association, to advise and represent Employers in their various challenges in dealing with workers and their representative trade unions, to promote Collective Bargaining, to oppose legislations which are disadvantageous to Employers, among others.
Founded in 1964 by the late Nobel Laureate Abdus Salam, ICTP seeks to accomplish its mandate by providing scientists from developing countries with the continuing education and skills that they need to enjoy long and productive careers. ICTP has been a major force in stemming the scientific brain drain from the developing world.
ICTP alumni serve as professors at major universities, chairpersons of academic departments, directors of research centres and ministers of science and technology in nations throughout the developing world. Many of them have been recognized in their own countries and internationally for their contributions to science and science policy. The impact of ICTP extends well beyond the Centre's facilities to virtually every corner of the Earth.
The collected thoughts and musings of writer Judy Leigh. Food, film, football. Politics, plays and putting pen to paper.
When it came out on DVD, I bought a copy of The Brothers Grimsby because the two main actors are both highly skilled. Mark Strong is a ubiquitous performer who has excelled in so many films, from Our Friends in the North to Sherlock Holmes, from Kingsmen to Anna Karenina and RocknRolla. He has been in Prime Suspect and also in Twelfth Night. Strong is a versatile and consummate performer and in this film he stars alongside Sacha Baron Cohen.
Baron Cohen studied History at Cambridge before being tutored by a French drama teacher called Philippe Gaulier,whose style of physical theatre, mime and clowning owes much to Jacques Lecoq, the guru of movement-based theatre. Other students of Gaulier include Emma Thompson, Simon McBurney of Theatre de Complicite and Helena Bonham Carter, who have all acquired strong skills under Gauliers tuition. Baron Cohens training has been evident in all of his clown roles and Grimsby is no different.
I could take or leave Ali G: I didnt like Bruno and I refused to be offended by Borat. I did quite enjoy The Dictator and I believe that there is a place in comedy for iconoclasm and pushing barriers. This said, I laughed out loud at The Brothers Grimsby from start to finish. It is a genuinely funny film.
The story is straight from the Blood Brothers genre: separated as orphans, Sebastian becomes a secret agent with MI6 and his elder brother, Nobby, is a heavy drinking football- mad father of eleven who lives in an English fishing town. The brothers have been separated for 28 years but Nobby is ever-hopeful that they will be reunited one day. They finally meet at a benefit where Sebastian is attempting to foil an assassination attempt. Of course, it all goes horribly wrong and there are scandalous occurrences involving Daniel Radcliffe before the brothers embark on a picaresque adventure to save the world. Their exploits culminate in a climax of action in Chile at an England vs. Germany football final.
There are some hilarious scenes. Without giving away too many spoilers, the spy on the run and his hapless brother hide from assassins inside an elephants vagina. Nobby imitates James Bond in South Africa and seduces the wrong woman. Nobbys kids save the day more than once and there is a beautiful speech, Braveheart-style, at the end of the film where Nobby incites the football fans of Grimsby to rise up and fight against oppression. The end of the film is predictable but hilarious as fireworks explode in strange places and even Donald Trump has a minor role, albeit an ignominious one.
The Brothers Grimsby is a film which didnt receive good ratings. This is probably because the same old jokes about penises and oral sex and bottoms are reinvented in a new context. I found it funny, quite harmless, charming, satirical and, in its own way, a bit of political lehrstucke in the Brechtian style as family loyalty is supremely important for Nobby. Its not the type of film I watch often, but it is pure escapism and its lively and iconoclastic and well performed. Its best watched as a mates film, with a few beers and some tacos after a hard day when belly laughs are needed most.
It is also quite uncanny how Baron Cohen and Strong evoke a parody of Liam Gallagher and Vin Diesel as two bungling spies. Its conceptually both clever and ridiculous, as most of Baron Cohens stuff is. I enjoyed it!
Im still on my quest to read books by authors I wouldnt usually choose, looking at genres which are new to me, discovering what I can learn as a writer from them. I recently heard a keynote speech by Meg Rosoff at a writers conference and I decided she clearly knows and can explain fluently how her creative mind works as an author, so I bought her novel How I live now and I read it last week.
I then read Apology for the Woman Writing by Jenny Diski. She is my sort of writer. Ive read half a dozen of her books before. Diski, the unofficially adopted daughter of Doris Lessing, died this April and Ive always admired the way she writes and her conviction to delve into any subject, taboo or otherwise, so I read Apology.
Meg Rosoff is a really neat writer. I use the word about her work, not only in deference to her American birth and the implied meaning of both terrific and undiluted, but also to suggest the more universal meaning of her writing being well ordered, smart and adroit.
Diski writes beautifully: her phrases are muscular and intelligent and she paints pictures with words which not only evoke a character or a setting but do so with conviction and flair.
I read How I live now in two days. I discussed Rosoffs work with a friend who has boundless insight into YA novels and she shrewdly recommended that I read this one first. Rosoffs story is about an American girl, Daisy, who comes to stay with cousins in the UK: the country is ravaged by civil war. Daisy has her own teenage issues which she brings to the story and she falls in love with her cousin Edmond and they live a blissful and natural existence until the war rips the childrens home apart.
Rosoff is strong on issues: Daisy has a problem with eating and it is an integral part of who she is, and it is a direct result of her past. Rosoff does not provide fairytale stories or easy answers but when Daisy is on the run for her life with her young cousin Piper, her needs change and new resolutions begin to occur in her life as other problems arise.
This is a book I wish Id read as a teenager. The characters are natural and imperfect and I believed in their lives and shared their problems. Through Daisys eyes, we understand her background, her passions and the horrors of the war which she must learn to deal with and surmount. The tragedies, killings and heartaches which stem from the war are never diluted and the result is that the story has impact and there is tension throughout.
Jenny Diskis Apology for the Woman Writing is a third person account of the life of Marie De Gournay in the 17th century. It deals with a young woman who shirks the three choices she has available to a person of her class and gender: to become a wife, a housekeeper for her ageing mother or a nun. De Gournay discovers as a child the secret pleasures of her fathers library: she reads the classics and she teaches herself about translation, then she encounters the work of essayist and philosopher Michel de Montaigne. On meeting him, she stabs herself with a hairpin as a gesture of her devotion. This is the beginning of her obsession and her ambition to become a writer
Of course, the journey is difficult for Marie who is awkward, spontaneous and determined, and Diski shows us the hazards which lie in wait for her in a world where intellectual discussion and writing exist only in male-dominated society.
Diski writes with clarity and accuracy and we quickly understand the pressures which lie in wait for Marie. The story begins with her as an older woman, wheezing on her death bed, attended by an ancient cat and an impoverished servant. Maries story is never going to be easy reading.
Nor is Michel de Montaigne a perfect mentor for Marie. He is conceited and inflexible, entrenched in his gender and cultural expectations, so he views her as an oddity, impressed by her mind but but not able to fully accommodate her intense desire to learn.
Both books make fascinating reading. Rosoffs novel is a quick read with a younger audience in mind, and Diskis story is a study of a slice of history from the perspective of a gifted but eccentric woman. It is a novel which, of course, makes us consider gender politics today with regard to womens intellectual contributions to society.
Diski and Rosoff are important writers and I enjoyed both books. Rosoff writes a romping good read for young adults but her work goes beyond that, as she is a driving force for youngsters to accept who they are and to deal actively and positively with the hand life offers them. Diski shows us a woman with potential and how a male-dominated society fails to take her seriously.
Both women write brilliantly in their own genre and there is much to learn from their style, from their incisive minds and the content of their books.
Several years ago I saw Ralph Fiennes as Prospero in The Tempest. It was directed by Trevor Nunn, at the Theatre Royal, in 2011. Ralph, as in Salph and Sound, had only been on stage for twenty seconds. He hadnt spoken a word. He simply raised a digit slowly into the air and -pow! Thunder crashed and lightning split the stage. That is the sort of performer he is: autocratic and accurate and absolute in his instinct.
The Tempest isnt one of my favourite Shakespeares but Fiennes as Prospero was commanding and powerful, yet vulnerable and utterly convincing. We were in Salph hands.
So, Fiennes as the villainous Richard the Third in Rupert Goolds Almeida production, screened live to cinemas on 21st July, could only promise to be thrilling theatre.
The play begins with Richards skeleton being discovered in a grave in a Leicester car park. The grave is the centre point of the stage and sets the context for the play as the archaeologist pulls out the twisted length of a spine and lifts it high. The lights change and we are in the fifteenth century and Richard sways forward, dragging the audience into his seething monologue:
Fiennes delivers to us a callous misogynistic Richard who is ambitious, cunning and intent on achieving power at any cost. He dissembles and lies to other characters but with the audience he is honest, brutal, sometimes exposed in his weakness, but always scheming and self-obsessed.
There are times when he is funny. The scene where he pretends not to want the crown, but holds out the Bible and feigns piety, is hilarious: Fiennes becomes a master of stand-up comic timing. But then there are the murders and the deliberate schemes to strike his enemies and we know everything he does is done to further his own position.
The scene in which he persuades Anne to marry him while she is mourning over her dead husbands corpse is outstanding. A difficult scene to achieve for actors- one minute Anne curses him, spits at him, then he asks her to kill him: she almost does it, then agrees to marry him. However, the rapport sizzles: we understand the motivation for Annes acquiescence in the face of Richards power, his craftiness and his sexual assault of a vulnerable woman. Anne becomes prey and victim and we the audience believe every moment. She is merely a step towards Richards achieving the crown: Ill have her; but I will not keep her long.
Richards interaction with women is a key theme of the play. Fiennes King holds no respect for women. He has no natural affection for his mother and he repels Margarets bitter curse with a single swipe. He is indifferent to the fact that he has brutally murdered Elizabeths sons: he tells her that he will marry her daughter as recompense:
Goold then directs the scene shrewdly and with breathtaking impact: Richard rapes Elizabeth. He is violent in his abuse and she quickly leaves the stage: she has not acquiesced, but she is shaken and violated, and when she has gone he shows no remorse, but calls her a : Relenting fool, and shallow, changing woman!
Fiennes is outstanding as Richard but this isnt a one-man show. Vanessa Redgrave is magnetic as the cursing Margaret, carrying a doll which represents dead babies, feeding it alcohol from a glass. There is a powerful and tender scene where the three mothers, Margaret, Elizabeth and the Duchess of York, combine their sorrow and lament the death of their children. Margaret advises Elizabeth to experience as much bitterness and pain as she has known in her own life and the three women combine in a curse as powerful as anything in Macbeth:
The performances of Aislin McGuckin, Joanna Vanderham and Susan Engel as Elizabeth, Anne and The Duchess of York are powerful: although they are each in turn the object of Richards maltreatment, they are still vocally compelling and each creates a taut and credible victim while demanding to be heard in their own right. They are no pushover, demonstrating the extremity of Richards heinous behaviour towards them. James Garnon as Hastings is perfect: the scene in which he realises Richard has duped him and he is to be killed is a triumph of characterisation. Finbar Lynch makes a superb Buckingham, perfectly balanced as a liar and cheat and as a victim of Richards fickle allegiances. Daniel Cerquieras Catesby is exactly right: the noble thug who does all Richards dirty work with impressive efficiency.
Each moment is a gem  there are no sagging scenes in the play. The final action where Richard is visited by the ghosts of his victims, and the Earl of Richmond has a contrastingly peaceful nights sleep, is intense and thrilling as both men sit at the same table and the ghosts speak first to Richard then to Richmond, and we sense the outcome of the next days battle.
The final battle scene is everything it should be- loud, crashing and quick, with Richard repeating his famous lines A horse! a horse! my kingdom for a horse! until we can only hear the gasped word horse! and he is killed and falls into the grave where, as the lights fade, we see the archeological excavation and exhumation in February 2013 in Leicester.
Richard the Third ends with a satisfying reminder of where it started: the back story has been filled in and Goold has shown us history on stage. Fiennes has created the character of Richard with physical and vocal perfection: there is the dragging leg and the hunchback, but he does not wheedle or whine. Rather, he plots and simpers and cajoles and threatens; he is mentally incisive and always dangerous. He licks blood from the block where Hastings has been beheaded. He searches the audience for assassins to help him. He is commanding and sinister and lethal and in control.
I would have loved to have been at the Almeida and seen Richard the Third live. It was a close second, though, to be in a cinema auditorium with another twelve or so people, having the opportunity to watch this fantastic production as it is performed in the capital.
Its an interesting plot factor that Richard seizes the chance to rule a divided country in difficult times. He sees the opportunity open before him and through his crazed ambition, his ability to deceive and his unswerving determination, he takes his country from stability to division and chaos. Fiennes said of the play that it resonated with what is happening in our own current political climate: Not through our doing but just because of events happening around us. Suddenly it became full of a pertinence that perhaps it hadnt had before.
Of course hes right. This is exactly the time to be watching Richard the Third and to be considering our own political parallels. Perhaps were not so Salph!
There are some things which are improved by time.We dont have to sideline everything old in favour of something new. When they are left to develop, whether it is an idea, a favourite jumper or a bottle of brandy, some things just keep on improving. The same can be said of a book. Holding a pristine book, unread, unexplored, is a thrilling feeling: no blemish of a fingerprint, the endless possibilities of a good read jumping from each page. But think of the deep fulfilment of finding an old book, knowing its crumpled cover has been turned over by many hands, its pages bruised and thumbed and avidly read.
Second hand book shops smell of dust and warmth and love: the books hold the scent of every person who has touched a page and there is promise of so much magic. As you move around the shelves and sift out a book, sliding the title towards you with interest, there is a secret shared between the binding.
I picked up some ancient books on a market stall this week. A coverless copy of Victor Hugo, with stained pages, the past leaping out, letters black against the grey. The book lay in my palm like a prayer, and then the bookseller held out another book by Alphonse de Lamartine: maroon cover wrinkled, dry as an old fig, the gold letters of Posie almost worn away.
I continued to search, touching each book lightly with my fingers and found Tout Compte Fait and Rflexions sur la question juive, by Simone de Beauvoir and Albert Camus, side by side as they probably are now at the Cimetire du Montparnasse.
The books cost me five euros altogether. Thats currently just over four pounds; a pound each and a few pennies for each piece of genius.
Last week someone recommended to me that I read a novel called The Butchers Hook. It was brand new and cost me 6.99 and I will give it away to anyone who wants it for free. I read the first hundred pages.
Alphonse de Lamartine and Victor Hugo, Simone de Beauvoir and Albert Camus may be old, battered books, creased and coverless, but they hold a special place in my heart. And now they are on my bookshelves.
Im on a quest to read popular novels that arent the type of thing Id usually read. Novels which might make one of my most respected literary friends wrinkle her nose and push it aside if I offered to lend it to her. The sort of writing Im not steeped in. Im doing this because, as a writer, I want to know what readers of commercial fiction read and whats popular and then Ill try to analyse why.
Im steeped in Amis and Achebe, Bront and Bashevis Singer, Camus and Carter, De Beauvoir and Dostoevsky and I love modern writers like Matt Haig and Paul Kingsnorth, Sunjeev Sahota and Emma Donoghue and Sarah Winman and Roddy Doyle. So its probably fair to say that Im going to struggle with Hilary Boyds Thursdays in the Park. I picked it out because its about an older protagonist, and Im interested in how writers create the older protagonist, as I have one in in my first novel.
Boyds central character defies the stereotype of young heroines:she offers readers a role model or a lifestyle they can look forward to when theyre older, or she simply champions the older reader. So I read Hilary Boyds novel about 60-year old Londoner Jeanie who falls in love with Ray the Aikido teacher and is fed up with her sexless marriage to dull, rich, controlling George.
Its a romance and thats pretty much what the book is about. I never felt particularly close to Jeanie who was, to me, a middle-class heroine, attractive, popular, just like all the other stereotypical romance heroines, but older. That, in itself, was disappointing. Jeanie and I never bonded, although I did feel a bit of sympathy when I found out poor George had been abused as a child. Well done Hilary Boyd for not being scared of that one.
The signposting was a bit of a problem for me: I knew what would happen next on every turn. And then I struggled with the holier-than-thou perfect daughter Chanty and the silly spoilt son-in-law, and Jeanies unbridled passion for the man she chats to in the park who mistakes her for the two year olds mum, rather than her Granny. (Oh yeah, right?)
Im not really the target audience for this book. I noticed that Hilary Boyd had the usual difficulties making the romantic or sexy scenes different or unique  a problem we all share, where the protagonists look at each other with heaving hearts and sigh a lot and shrug a lot and shake their heads with disbelief. I did learn something from Boyd though; shes empathically behind her character all the way and she creates feasible human dilemmas. I suppose Jeanie wasnt enough of a feminist protagonist for me; she didnt rebel enough, and her acceptance of the views of others, especially George, didnt convince me to care about her sufficiently.
I wouldnt want to be Jeanie and I couldnt make the leap of sympathy but Im sure Thursdays in the Park is popular with the reader who likes her novels easy to read and happy at the end. On my masters course we were often asked: what does the central protagonist want and what stands in the way? This one was simple. Jeanie wants Ray and George is blocking her path to ultimate happiness with a man.
I read Shock of the Fall by Nathan Filer and the blurb told me that Filers novel follows in the footsteps of Mark Haddon. Filer is a mental health nurse so its clear he knows his background. The book is written from the point of view of Matt, whose unhappy situation stems from his brothers death earlier in the story and we follow Matts progress as we are quickly hooked into the idiosyncrasies and dilemmas of the character.
Nathan Filer does two things I like a lot. First of all, the voice which tells the story is really engaging. Matts character is unique, surprising and speaks to the reader as someone we come to understand and know and like, unlike Jeanie whom we know everything there is to know about from page one.Secondly, the novel is well shaped, not linear and although it leads the reader to where you know youll ultimately end up, the journey has a few surprises on the way and this deepens the readers compassion for Matt and his family and we care about the impact of what has happened to brother Simon.
This is definitely a safe hands book: Filers story is so well organised and his character speaks with such clarity and credibility and authority that the novel is captivating. Add to that the bittersweet humour and the contrast between the harrowing scenes and the touching moments, and it makes for a memorable read. Cleanly written, cleverly contrived, The Shock of the Fall works well on the levels of both a story well told and a learning journey for the reader.
Im glad I read both books, although I enjoyed one much more than the other. But my journey isnt just for my own reading pleasure: Im building an understanding of what is popular, of what readers want and what works for them. And then it all goes into the writers bag of learning to be sifted and synthesised, so that I know what to aspects to reject and what techniques will work for me as I continue to develop my unique voice.
So the world is imploding. All sorts of worms are crawling out of the opened can.The negative feelings of the disenfranchised are manifesting themselves as widespread disagreement and arguments and dissatisfaction and were seeing Facebook memes of Pooh Bear and Piglet healing rifts between polarised friends. Everyone has a strong opinion  thank goodness for Free Speech, but now we live in a world where the Emperors new clothes are off and no-one will acknowledge the nakedness. Lies are legitimate political currency now, and so are double crossing and hatred, all coming fresh from the mouths of the political right this week. Before the vote, the unhappiness and untruths were an undercurrent, now we have a tsunami: Gove spitting vituperative statements of Johnsons ineptitude, the Tory leadership oven hotting up to explosion point and Jeremy Corbyn, though many still love him, lugging a Labour party which might snuff itself out in the next General Election. And Farage, the most ineffectual and dangerous of stand-up comedians, humiliating himself with his pathetic hubris at the European Parliament.
This week was all too much. Its time to rise above the stench of the detritus. Thank goodness for the solidarity of a writing group.
Most writers agree that a good writing group is what makes a difference between basic writing and honing our skills. A regular writers group is essential, using the balance between astute critiquing and positive praise if we are to improve and develop style. Im fortunate to still be in touch with many talented writers from my MA group and I have a number of trusted readers, who are writers and poets, who will always give me a straight opinion.
Then there is our local writers group, a group of some ten or twelve people who write short stories and poems and memoirs. I joined the group in September last year so that I could keep myself on my toes, finish my first novel, start a second and dabble in creating different characters and perspectives and genres.
Our tutor is a real enabler, a poet and always full of ideas, offering great stimuli and weekly feedback on our work. Then there is the group itself with so many clever writers. One talented woman may well now embark on completing an exciting childrens book. A woman whose memoirs of life in London in the fifties and sixties thrill her listeners each week. An ex-policemans writing is invariably warm and measured and dry and witty. An artist/ musicians stories of local life are genuinely moving, funny, clever and hugely entertaining. An actress/ performance poet, professional and iconoclastic is always uniquely surprising whether she writes comic or poignant pieces. Each week, local writers deliver smooth stories, witty and lively responses and ideas which leap off the page. Even better, its great to see creative people flourish and become even more confident and articulate.
Last night we celebrated with a writers party, a local reading in a cafe where several of us came together to stand in front of a microphone in turn and humbly offer our poems and stories to an audience. It was a great way to end our summer course, and an opportunity to revel in how far everyone had progressed. There were stories about a gifted magical girl, drunken bets on racehorses, childhood mischief in Paris, sex and washing machines, a nasty uncle who raced greyhounds.Every tale was a gem and truly entertaining.
Politically, its a changing world and a pivotal time for us all now. Were expected to accept lies as truths whether they are promises on buses or vows not to stand for PM. The Bullingdon boys and the Etonians and Gove now have it their way and they have become reckless, their mayhem is all around us and many of the disenfranchised people have voted with their emotions and their misplaced trust. We will live with the consequences as best as we can.
Thank goodness for friendship; thank goodness there is talent, that we can share creativity and meet with thinking people. This is, of course, not to ignore or stop the fight against xenophobia and dishonesty and corruption and political duplicity and ongoing perfidious betrayal of the ordinary person. But it is important to remember that there is much in our world to love, to enjoy and to celebrate. There are so many people to say thanks to, for friendship and support, whatever their views, however they voted. This blog is for them all, to remember that the way forward is to be joyous and mindful and that we are bigger than any divisions; we will change what we can when we can and, meanwhile, well celebrate the present. After all, it is just that, the present, and the present is a gift, isnt it?
Archives	 Archives Select Month November 2018 (5) October 2018 (55) September 2018 (5) April 2018 (2) March 2018 (5) February 2018 (33) January 2018 (149) December 2017 (71) November 2017 (70) October 2017 (153) September 2017 (77) August 2017 (48) July 2017 (33) June 2017 (74) May 2017 (112) April 2017 (6) March 2017 (48) February 2017 (45) January 2017 (50) December 2016 (41) November 2016 (115) October 2016 (95) September 2016 (133) August 2016 (222) July 2016 (97) June 2016 (132) May 2016 (148) April 2016 (123) March 2016 (64) February 2016 (45) January 2016 (129) December 2015 (143) November 2015 (101) October 2015 (101) September 2015 (79) August 2015 (76) July 2015 (108) June 2015 (77) May 2015 (96) April 2015 (125) March 2015 (189) February 2015 (119) January 2015 (117) December 2014 (101) November 2014 (132) October 2014 (131) September 2014 (116) August 2014 (174) July 2014 (136) June 2014 (138) May 2014 (150) April 2014 (141) March 2014 (221) February 2014 (131) January 2014 (198) December 2013 (180) November 2013 (145) October 2013 (102) September 2013 (165) August 2013 (176) July 2013 (157) June 2013 (147) May 2013 (36) April 2013 (18) March 2013 (46) February 2013 (20) January 2013 (90) December 2012 (1)
The garden got away from me! Well, the growth of some of its inhabitants did. One day I had baby turnips & zucchini. The next day, it seemed, they were enormous! I really didnt need to plant turnips as early as I did, but I was so excited to get things growing that I overdid the planting a bit. I tend to think of turnips as a fall crop, but planted some early this year becauseum. Why? I dont know, just because! They matured just as everything else did, and I wound up with way more produce than we could eat at once. So it was that I came to have these two monsters. I only used half of the giant turnip and zucchini you see in the photos since there were just the two of us for dinner. In spite of their size, they were both quite delicious! Theres a trick to getting the best flavor out of a large, mature turnip  see Step 2 below. If youve ever had bitter, nasty turnips, theres a good chance they werent peeled properly. While you might not necessarily think of these two veggies in the same dish, they really complement each other well. Roasting the vegetables brings out their deepest flavor; fresh herbs and a sprinkle of parmesan bring everything together. A little bit of late summer heaven!
2.) Young turnips dont always need to be peeled, or they only need a thin layer removed. Older turnips, though, have a bitter outer layer. It goes beneath the thin skin to the dark line (the tip of the knife is pointing to it.)
2.) Young turnips dont always need to be peeled, or only need a thin layer removed. Older turnips, though, have a bitter outer layer. It goes beneath the thin skin to the dark line. With a very mature turnip, you can pull it off by hand once you get it started. Once peeled, chop the turnip into  (1 cm) pieces. Cut the zucchini into  (1 cm) slices.
Thanks! It was my first year for growing both. I used to think I didnt like either, but Im so happy I was wrong!
I am and always will be the optimist. The hoper of far-flung hopes and the dreamer of improbable dreams - The Doctor
Film reviews, news, trailers, and articles written by our diverse team of writers from across the 
Any film from beloved stop-motion animation studio, Aardman, will be met with great anticipation. Their films feel so intrinsically part of British culture, and after previous feature-length efforts such as Chicken Run, The Curse of the Were-Rabbit, and Shaun the Sheep Movie delighted audiences almost as much as their fabled Wallace & Gromit shorts did, the hope was that their latest offering, Early Man, would do the same.
Boasting an impressive British voice cast, including Tom Hiddleston, Eddie Redmayne, Maisie Williams, and Timothy Spall, to name but a few, the thumbprints of Aardman are all over this filmin more ways than one! It is impossible not to be charmed by this film, even when the story is perhaps a little sub-par compared to some of their previous offerings. Hapless hero Dug (Redmayne) and his quest to save his valley from the tyrannous Lord Nooth (Hiddleston) by defeating his all-star team in a football match, is a classic underdog story and one which is in the safest of hands with Aardman and director Nick Park.
It follows many of the same beats as other sporting underdog stories, but coupling this tried-and-tested movie blueprint with the quintessential laughs and lovingly crafted characters and sets that Aardman are known for, offers something a little different to the similar sporting movies that have come before.
Its football focus opens up a number of opportunities for great visual gags, and wry humour towards British sports fans in particular. It is an odd combination, and one which perhaps doesnt always work, but there is a certain charm to it, and the characters make it an easy film to like. Towards the end, it starts to drag a little, and when the conclusion seems pretty inevitable in a film such as this, it does make parts of it feel a little tiresome.
However, the laughs come thick and fast, and every time your attention wanes therell be a top-notch visual gag or a wonderfully British double-entendre to bring you right back into it. As with all Aardman films, it is the sort of film that demands a second viewing because there are just so many little background touches and jokes that will be easily missed the first time around.
On the whole, Early Man is far from Aardmans best, but is not without merit and its another fun for all the family film to add to their impressive canon. It also features the best (and perhaps only) visual gag involving a giant duck that you will see all year. Charming as always, and full of laughs, Early Man just about wins this match.
We're truly heartbroken to hear that Stan Lee has passed away. May you rest in peace, Mr. Lee.  #Excelsior
Our second #SundaySpotlight interview today is @jdaniela_ 'a chat with director, producer, and cinematographer Micah Van Hove (@umuima) about his lastest film, SHADOW OF A GUN. [link in bio] - - - #shadowofagun #interview #supportindiefilm #ukblogger #director #cinematographer #producer #sundayspotlight
market leader upper intermediate worksheets in me printable community leaders first grade poetry frame role model poem education world,peace day lesson plans activities ideas and group project to use community leaders worksheets first grade market leader,market leader pre intermediate worksheets community leaders first grade habit 5 worksheet library,leader in me habit 3 worksheets pdf how to create a table an excel worksheet video lesson,synonym analogies worksheets leader in me for kindergarten market upper intermediate community leaders first grade,facts worksheets biographical history for kids leader in me printable kindergarten market intermediate,leader in me worksheets pdf community leaders first grade great career goal setting worksheet for students know habit 3,topic principals school leaders southern regional education board leader in me worksheets for kindergarten community,leader in me printable worksheets word work unit 4 week center games and community leaders kindergarten,market leader intermediate worksheets lady leaders behind the scenes mentoring community upper.
The workload for the last Quarter of 2017 was unexpected to say the least. We ended up with more client systems work in those three months than the rest of the year combined and were still dealing with the overflow plus several new projects today. With the Holidays and Contract Renewals falling in the mix, it has meant very long days, constantly changing scheduling and resource juggling at a furious pace just to stay up with the workload while still keeping client networks at maximum uptime. Posting blog updates has taken a back seat to all of this so Ill try to give you a synopsis of where we are and what we see coming at us in the remainder of FY2018.
The Windows 10 upgrade cycle in in full swing now. We have fielded about 10 percent of the total Workstation count with Windows 10 and fairly close to the same percentage of Servers with current Operating Systems at this point. With the January 2020 deadline for Windows 7 and Server 2008 R2 (which includes Small Business Server) in mind, we still have over 400 Workstations and 30 Servers that will become unsupported at that point. With less than 24 months to complete this task, simple math tells you that the next two years will be hectic no matter how you look at it.
If you throw in the requirement for enhanced security needs at each site, the growing demand for wireless connectivity and rapidly increasing use of mobile devices, it is obvious that this upgrade cycle is far more intense than any other weve seen in the last 24 years. On top of that, the Internet bandwidth required to support business operations has exploded, especially as more and more sites are using some form of Cloud computing. In some locations, bandwidth is still severely limited so trying to find a solution for those clients going forward is more than just a challenge. Several sites which we support can barely function today due to this issue and the Internet provider choices are either limited or nonexistent.
Obviously, this means the client base has to start some serious budgeting and planning now. The costs associated with this upgrade cycle are hefty just on the hardware side alone. If you have a software vendor that intends to make major changes to your applications in the next 24 months, expect that change to drive hardware upgrades whether you like it or not. We have already seen this happen in late 2017 at three sites. In short, even if your hardware works today, most of it is aging and most likely will be incompatible with some key element in the coming year or so. Again, take your budgeting and planning requirement seriously and prioritize it now. We can do a lot to help you work toward that goal but this cycle is one that wont allow a great amount of meets minimum requirements where hardware is concerned.
In 2017, we made a major push to emphasize our Three Point Security approach. To review, this is a multi-layered setup that puts protection at the End User (Trend Micro), Gateway (SonicWall) and Cloud (Cisco Umbrella) levels. The most recent release of Support Contracts stated this as a requirement going forward in order for us to continue to provide support. We dropped several clients at the end of 2017 due to differences of opinion on this topic. I have no problem doing this again, if necessary. A few are scheduled to complete this requirement soon and we will not be accepting any new clients that do not meet this standard.
Security upgrades, like hardware and software upgrades is not about selling things. It is about making sure you can do your job safely, effectively and efficiently. To date, the network uptime across the entire client base remains near 100 percent. Virus infections and network intrusions are near zero. There is a reason for this. We are not sales people, we are techies. We constantly monitor the industry, test and evaluate hardware and software and implement solutions designed solely to make sure your business platforms work for you.
Enhanced security has become so important an element in the business environment that we started a second business that focuses exclusively on this area. Business Data Defender (http://bizdatadefender.com/) was created in 2017 to provide solutions to business operations that dont necessarily want our Managed Services Support functions. It has taken off like a rocket and we expect to see hefty growth in security services continue at an accelerated pace in the coming years.
Another related requirement for providing support services is our Datto appliance. Since Datto provides Business Continuity functions, it crosses over between Managed Services and Security Services by providing rapid recovery in the event of actual network intrusion (i.e., Ransomware or Trojans) or hardware failure at the Server level. Again, this isnt about selling anything. Its about making sure you can continue to work in the event of any number of bad events. When we issue the FY2019 Support Contracts, Datto will be a default requirement to obtain continued support services from us. Please take note if your site hasnt addressed this item yet.
We have pretty much managed to upgrade all site Datto devices, nearly all SonicWall devices and a fair number of the outdated and less-secure wireless devices throughout our supported base. We will continue to review and advise everyone on what needs to be replaced as we go through the next two years of this major upgrade. The end goal is to get the right items in place to meet your business platforms performance and security goals.
On several occasions, I have been asked why we are so emphatic about Security and Business Continuity in order to provide support services. The answer is a two-part response. First, knowing the environment we have to support means we know what works. Its tested and proven and we use what we require you to use. Secondly, having the right things in place means we can provide the best support with a limited amount of resources at the backend and that keeps performance up and costs down. I know its shocking to think, but unlike a lot of other IT providers, we actually care about your business and its success. We always target a win-win scenario and constantly work toward that end. So if we are suggesting changes to your infrastructure during this upgrade cycle, there is good reason for it.
So having discussed the challenges of this upgrade cycle and heightened security elements, we now have a new problem to face. Meltdown and Spectre exploits against Central Processing Units
By now Im fairly sure everyone has heard something (or likely several somethings) about Meltdown and Spectre and the potential impact these two may have on your systems. Since about two-thirds of the stories in the media concerning these issues are overblown, incorrect or hair-on-fire panic driven (maybe some of all three), Ill try to filter out the noise and give you the actual info relating to your overall situation.
Meltdown and Spectre are exploits that impact pretty much all processors (CPU) built between 1995 and 2012. The vulnerability has been known for the past 7 years or so (some say as long as 10 years). It is a problem with the physical build of the CPU itself and cannot be fixed solely by a software patch. It doesnt just impact PC units it impacts anything with a CPU (phones, video cards, copier machines, and so forth).
Without getting too deep into the technical side of things, Meltdown can allow hackers to read passwords, encryption keys, or other data from the protected memory in your CPU. Spectre can do that plus access the same from other applications. Intel indicates that these exploits cannot corrupt, modify, or delete data, but if the hacker can access passwords and encryption keys the system is pretty much wide open to them.
There are two items of interest here where your operations are concerned. First, most of the exploits are targeted toward Cloud Service providers and are unlikely to impact your networks directly unless you have applications that are Cloud-based. Second, the required Operating System patches may result in reduced performance on your PC units (3% to 30+%). I dont expect this to be a major deal for most of our supported units with the absolute exception of any PC that has an older Pentium 4 and is running the 32-bit version of Windows. The P4/32-bit units will likely just not work at all. Fortunately, we only have a very, very few of these left out there.
Well tell you when to panic- as always, we have been working on this since before it hit the mainstream media
The Meltdown fix is fairly easy to patch and has pretty much been brought under control with patching
Spectre has two variants and some mitigation has been done by processor vendors already but in the end, older processors will remain vulnerable to Spectre.
Updates to the BIOS are being released by PC vendors but even some of these have caused updated systems with newer processors to stop working
Will come mostly from Windows Updates so those of you who never log off or never let updates finish better plan on rebooting all units ASAP
Software updates from Microsoft have been released but the Antivirus product on the PC has to be updated first
We are already in the process of testing Trend Updates on our network in order to prep this for deployment to your networks
We have several Servers, a varying number of PC units, SonicWalls and Wireless setups in work for the January timeline. Additionally, were handling Server configurations for another company to deploy to their clients. If you think you might have project work coming up anywhere in January, February or March, please let me know sooner rather than later. I wont hesitate to tell you we cannot get to your project if you call me with a last minute panic request. I have limited resources and a long client list to support. Quality support requirements to the entire client base aces out any failure to plan on anybodys part, period.
We will continue to work the Meltdown/Spectre issue and get solutions in place in as timely a manner as possible. This whole thing is in a flux as new vendor revelations are showing up on a daily basis. We are watching this process and we may require your help getting people to log off when it comes to reboot the Server time so expect minor disruptions over the remainder of January.
This is why we have our services with you. We trust you and feel comfortable that we are getting the best of the best. Thanks for keeping us informed.
IT Service Pros is constantly evolving with the industry. Since 1994, we've been forming relationships with businesses, providing them with superior services and impeccable attention to detail.
I recently reviewed the Semi Permanent design conference in Sydney, 2012. In their 10th anniversary year, a great event was again staged, with special talks from Bec Winnel, a live Google+ Hangout with Roman Coppola & friends, and an honest & inspring talk from Melbourne street artist Meggs. Read the review on Everguide.
Searching for affordable Mandawa hotels tariff plans? Hotel Castle Mandawa in Mandawa offers low cost room fare. Inquire Hotel Castle Mandawa for one-night price. Make your stay memorable.
I have a very wonderful news, hope youll be as happy for me as I am. Wohohoo, I made it!!! Im a new designer at MyScrapShop.com. Everything in my store is reduced, everything is 40% off. And try to come back more times, you might never know what Im going to add this week.
This picture shows the variation of swells directed at Broadstairs through an average August and is based upon 2973 NWW3 model predictions since 2006 (values every 3 hours). The wave model does not forecast wind and surf right at the coast so we have chosen the best grid node based on what we know about Broadstairs, and at Broadstairs the best grid node is 16 km away (10 miles).
The rose diagram illustrates the distribution of swell directions and swell sizes, while the graph at the bottom shows the same thing but without direction information. Five colours show increasing wave sizes. The smallest swells, less than 0.5m (1.5 feet), high are coloured blue. These occurred 87% of the time. Green and yellow show increasing swell sizes and red shows the biggest swells, greater than >3m (>10ft). In each graph, the area of any colour is proportional to how commonly that size swell occurs.
The diagram implies that the prevailing swell direction, shown by the largest spokes, was NE, whereas the the prevailing wind blows from the WSW. Because the wave model grid is offshore, sometimes a strong offshore wind blows largest waves away from Broadstairs and away from the coast. We lump these in with the no surf category of the bar chart. To avoid confusion we don't show these in the rose plot. Because wind determines whether or not waves are good for surfing at Broadstairs, you can select a similar diagram that shows only the swells that were expected to coincide with glassy or offshore wind conditions. In a typical August, swells large enough to cause clean enough to surf waves at Broadstairs run for about 1.0% of the time.
The Spektrum DX6i is a 6Ch full range radio controller. Featuring the AR600 DSMX 6 channel receiver it can be extensively programmed.
The 6 channel DX6i uses the same full-range DSM2 technology found in the Spektrum DX7 and includes an impressive list of programming features for quadcopters, helicopters and airplanes that are simple to access and use. It comes with the new AR6200 DSM2 6-channel receiver that is robust enough to use in large models yet compact enough to fit in many parkflyers. The DX6i is also compatible with all existing Spektrum aircraft receivers. Whatever kind of flying you do, the DX6i can be adapted to most any model in your existing collection that requires 6-channels or less.
The MRV Next Level is a custom built BNF 250 class FPV Racing Drone for serious FPV flying and racing. This setup provides for higher specification components and a top level build quality.
The MRV X-Fighter V2 is a BNF 210 class 5.8GHz FPV Racing Drone and is ideal as a first FPV racing drone for those entering the sport. It has a tough carbon fibre chassis.
Shop with confidence. Your order is safe and secure. Just Drones utilises an SSL Certificate to ensure our store is safe and all transactions are handled by ANZ eGate or PayPal.
During yesterday's trading, the US dollar weakened against the majors. The dollar index (#DX) closed the trading session in the negative zone (-0.37%). Implementation of the tax reform in the US has faced some difficulties. The draft law, which was developed in the US Senate, is somewhat different from the draft law of the House of Representatives. Investors are afraid that disagreements in the draft laws may slow the adoption of the tax reform. Additional pressure on the American currency was provided by weak statistics on the labor market. Over the past week, the number of initial jobless claims increased by 10,000 to 239,000. Nevertheless, the US dollar tends to grow relative to the major currencies.
Today, the key event will be the publication of the report on the volume of production in the manufacturing industry in the UK. We also recommend paying attention to the government bonds yield and keeping track of current information on the tax reform in the United States.
At the moment, the "black gold" prices are consolidating. Futures for the WTI crude oil are being traded in the range of $57.00- $57.10 per barrel. Investors expect statistics on drilling activity from Baker Hughes at 20:00 (GMT+2:00).
Yesterday, the major US stock indices closed in the negative zone: #SPY (-0.36%), #DIA (-0.31%), #QQQ (-0.52%).
The 10-year US government bonds yield demonstrates positive dynamics. At the moment the indicator is at the level of 2.37-2.38%.
- Indices of expectations and moods of consumers from the University of Michigan at 17:00 (GMT+2:00).
This article reflects a personal opinion and should not be interpreted as an investment advice, and/or offer, and/or a persistent request for carrying out financial transactions, and/or a guarantee, and/or a forecast of future events.
Traditionally, throughout the world on New Years Eve, we all join in the singing of Auld Lang Syne. The song, whose title roughly translates as for old times sake, is appropriate for the end
Earlier this week, we discussed the challenge of going on a photo tour, especially if youre not a professional photographer. But now, Id like to visit the flip side of that travel issue: visiting
Youd think it would take something very big or potentially catastrophic to stop an Airbus A380 or a Boeing 747 from taking off at New York Citys John F. Kennedy International Airport, the busiest
It became impossible to keep the heavy sled straight on the newly frozen river. The 13 panting Greenland huskies in front of us repeatedly veered off to the side of the steep canyon, causing
In January 1925, the children of Nome, Alaska, were dying. They were suffering from diphtheria. The towns only physician, Dr. Curtis Welch, feared the epidemic would spread throughout Nomes population of 1,400. He set
Howling is just one of many forms of vocal communication used by canines. Even though they may bark, growl, moan, snarl, whimper, whine, woof and yelp a lot more often than they howl, it
How do sled dogs eat during a long-distance race? Quickly. When time is of the essenceas it is during sled dog races such as the Iditarod, Yukon Quest and Hudson Bay Questevery action must
Palms Hotel is situated in Hornchurch, South West Essex on the A127, and is is just 2 miles from J.29 of the M25.We are sixteen miles from central London and offer ease of access, ample car parking and superb facilities.
The first one-stop party services shop in Riyadh, The Good Ship Lollipop has grown from a small party supplies store to a place where your dreams come true! With more that 20 years of experience, and a countless number of parties in our portfolio, we will make sure to give you a memorable party you will never forget!
The Good Ship Lollipop offers everything from party decorations, bouncy castles, party entertainment to party food and fun party games. You dream it, and well make sure you get it!
Polycomb repressive complex 1 (PRC1), a dominant executer of Polycomb-mediated control, functions as multiple sub-complexes that possess catalytic-dependent H2AK119 mono-ubiquitination and catalytic-independent activities. The authors showed that, despite its well-established repressor functions, PRC1 binds to both silent and active genes. [Cell Stem Cell] Abstract | Graphical Abstract
Investigators described a new matrix consisting of a silk-collagen composite system that provides long term, stable cultivation with reduced contraction and degradation over time. This matrix supported full thickness skin equivalents which included nerves. [Biomaterials] Abstract
Topical Lyophilized Targeted Lipid-Nanoparticles in the Restoration of Skin Barrier Function following Burn Wound
Lyophilized keratinocyte-targeted nanocarriers (TLN) loaded with locked nucleic acid (LNA) modified anti-miR were developed for topical application to full thickness burn injury. TLN were designed to selectively deliver LNA-anti-miR-107 to keratinocytes using the peptide sequence ASKAIQVFLLAG. [Mol Ther] Abstract | Graphical Abstract
De Novo Synthesis of Elastin by Exogenous Delivery of Synthetic Modified mRNA into Skin and Elastin-Deficient Cells
Scientists applied synthetic modified mRNA encoding tropoelastin for the de novo synthesis of elastin and determined the mRNA-mediated elastin synthesis in cells, as well as ex vivo in porcine skin. [Mol Ther Nucleic Acids] Full Article
Researchers showed that ephrin-A1 and a ligand-activated form of EphA2 partition outside of lipid raft domains in response to calcium-mediated cell-cell contact stabilization in normal human epidermal keratinocytes. [J Invest Dermatol] Abstract
The authors explored the effects and mechanisms of rapamycin against the photoaging process using a well-established cellular photoaging model. [Cell Physiol Biochem] Full Article
Investigators showed that exposure of expansively growing human WM852 melanoma cells, but not singly invasive Bowes cells, to lymphatic endothelial cells in 3D co-culture facilitates melanoma distant organ metastasis in mice. [Elife] Full Article | Press Release
A Targeted Proteomic Approach for Heat Shock Proteins Reveals DNAJB4 as a Suppressor for Melanoma Metastasis
The authors developed a targeted proteomic method, relying on LC-MS/MS in the parallel-reaction monitoring mode, for assessing quantitatively the human heat shock proteome. [Anal Chem] Abstract
Most human cancer cells are positive for at least one ligand for the activating immune receptor NKG2D and the presence in plasma of NKG2D-ligands can be associated with prognosis. Using MICA as example of a tumor-derived antigen, endogenously expressed in metastatic melanoma and recruited to exosomes, researchers developed two immunocapture-based assays for detection of different epitopes in nanovesicles. [J Nanobiotechnology] Full Article
Previous research found that mutations in the mTOR P2213S and S2215Y kinase domains resulted in gain-of-function and were sensitive to specific inhibitors. Scientists tested the effect of heterozygous/homozygous H2189Y mutations on downstream pathways and sensitivity to inhibitors. [Cancer Biol Ther] Abstract
Researchers evaluated the combination of reovirus with rapamycin in B16F10 cells, a murine model of malignant melanoma, based on potential mechanisms by which mTOR inhibitors might enhance viral oncolysis. [Cancer Gene Ther] Abstract
The authors showed that BMP-2 is highly expressed in invasive melanoma cells and is elevated in the serum of stage IV melanoma patients compared to stage IB-IIC patients and healthy controls. [Biol Open] Abstract | Full Article
Researchers investigate the intricate connections between skin neurons and resident skin cells and how their interaction can be key to controlling inflammation and from there the pathogenesis of diseases like atopic dermatitis, psoriasis, and rosacea. [Semin Immunopathol] Abstract
NeoImmuneTech Announces a Clinical Trial Collaboration to Evaluate HyLeukin-7 in Combination with a PD-L1 Checkpoint Inhibitor in Advanced High-Risk Skin Cancers
NeoImmuneTech, and its parent company Genexine, have entered into an agreement with Roche to enable studies of a combination treatment in three advanced high-risk skin cancer types: melanoma, Merkel cell carcinoma and cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma. [NeoImmuneTech, Inc.] Press Release
Novartis announced that the FDA has approved Tafinlar in combination with Mekinist for the adjuvant treatment of patients with melanoma with BRAF V600E or V600K mutations, as detected by an FDA-approved test, and involvement of lymph node(s), following complete resection. [Novartis AG] Press Release
Encore Dermatology Inc. Announced the Launch of IMPOYZ (Clobetasol Propionate) Cream, 0.025%, a Newly Formulated High-Potency Topical Corticosteroid
Encore Dermatology Inc. announced the availability of a new topical product, IMPOYZ Cream, indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in patients 18 years of age or older. [Encore Dermatology, Inc] Press Release
Exicure, Inc., announced results from the Phase Ib clinical trial of its compound, AST-005, designed to reduce the expression of tumor necrosis factor. As part of Exicures collaboration with Purdue Pharma, the Phase Ib clinical trial was conducted in Germany to evaluate the effect of AST-005 gel in patients with chronic plaque psoriasis. [Exicure] Press Release
A team of melanoma experts from Moffitts Center of Excellence have been awarded a $900,000 three-year grant from the Melanoma Research Alliance to define and target what drives acral melanoma. Acral melanoma is a rare form of skin cancer that appears on the palms of the hands, soles of the feet or under the nails. It is the most common form of skin cancer affecting African-Americans. [Moffitt Cancer Center] Press Release
FDA to Conduct Priority Review of Cemiplimab as a Potential Treatment for Advanced Cutaneous Squamous Cell Carcinoma
The FDA has accepted priority review the Biologics License Application for cemiplimab for the treatment of patients with metastatic cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (CSCC) or patients with locally advanced CSCC who are not candidates for surgery. [Sanofi] Press Release
One of the worlds largest research-funding charities is cracking down on harassment and bullying. Scientists who have been sanctioned by their institutions could lose out on funding from the Wellcome Trust, under rules announced. [Nature News] Editorial
Nature has named Magdalena Skipper as its new editor-in-chief. She is the first woman to hold the post. Skipper, who is currently editor-in-chief of the open-access journal Nature Communications, will become the eighth editor of Nature. [Nature News] Editorial
Basic researchers who study the brain and human behavior thought lawmakers had come to their rescue in March by blocking the National Institutes of Health (NIH) from redefining their studies as clinical trials. But NIH officials are still pushing ahead with new requirements that scientists say make no sense and will cripple their research. [ScienceInsider] Editorial
An online petition calling on the National Academy of Sciences to revoke memberships bestowed on people sanctioned for sexual harassment has garnered more than 250 signatures since it was posted on May 1. [The Scientist] Editorial
Nature journals encourage stem-cell scientists to embrace guidelines agreed in 2016 by the International Society for Stem Cell Research as they design, execute and report their research. [Nature News] Editorial
Inder Verma, the prominent cancer scientist and geneticist who has been accused of sexual harassment by several women, resigned as editor-in-chief of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, a prestigious academic journal. [ScienceInsider] Editorial
NEW Associate Professor or Professor  Skin Cancer (The University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center)
Recruit Top Talent: Reach potential candidates by posting your organizations career opportunities on the Connexon Creative Job Board at no cost.
Site copyright  2002-2018 Kevin D. Mahoney and the Latdict Group. All rights reserved. Additional site development and educational support by Whitney Wallace. Lastly, we would like to give a special posthumous thanks to USAF Col. William Whitaker for all that he has done.
Idolina Laguna is a senior program analyst for the Earned Income Tax Credit and Refundable Credits Policy and Coordination office of the Internal Revenue Service.
During her 34 years at the Internal Revenue Service, Idolina spent 4 years as an EITC Tax Analyst with Wage and Investment Division. She has conducted extensive analysis of procedures and programs to assess the viability and impact of IRS Service and Campus Examination Operations. She has oversight for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of letters, forms, and notices involving EITC issues. Idolina works internally with other IRS business units and external parties to address EITC compliance issues. She also ensures automated updates are in place when legislative changes occur.
And now, please have a look on the layouts of my friends, who were willing to use my kit and create these wonderful piece of arts. Los are in no particular order. Please, leave them some comments here in the gallery of my design.. Thank you guys.
Let's say URL rewriting is being used and the paths are as below; an attempt to get cookieless URLs will cause an exception complaining about there being too many "../"
With use of Reflector, I found that the bug occurs at the MakeRelative call below; the two values are sample values that will result in an exception when the client is in cookieless mode (GoogleBot and Yahoo Slurp! both operate in cookieless mode).
Very nice! I have made a lot of these and they are fun to make. I like the way you layered the wood. Nice touch. I see you have found that when you make one, you have to make more.
Very nice. Sometimes live edge tables can seem a bit funky if the shape is all over the place, but the shape on those slabs is subtle, and the repeating profile gives it a great sense of unity.
I am a live edge guy. I love it. I am glad you left some of the sap wood. Too many forget mother nature put in her own color combinations.
-- Who is the happiest of men? He who values the merits of others, and in their pleasure takes joy, even as though 'twere his own. --Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
well i really love walnut and especially when its used in the natural slab formthis is really nice.oh and by the way, did the clean up guy ever show up, or do i need to schedule a trip..lol..keep sharing this walnut work, i love itgrizz
-- They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety, deserve neither liberty nor safety.
Im always suprised at your work. You are balancing nature and design. A goal of mine if I ever get past the paperwork and other obligations that take priority.
garage door closed on car close then opens again limit switch replacement,garage door limit switch broken closed on my car closes by itself, garage door closed by itself closes automatically opener troubleshooting close limit switch,garage door closes uneven wont close sensor blinking genie limit switch,parking garage door closed on car condo closes chamberlain by itself,garage door close then opens again my closes by itself s closer wifi,genie garage door opener close limit switch closed sensor app closes uneven ,automatic garage door close limit switch closed with car running not closing sensor ,garage door closes halfway then stops craftsman by itself closed sensor app,garage door closed by itself genie opener close limit switch chamberlain closes.
After going through a particularly rough patch at work recently, I began musing what if anything I might be doing to contribute to my difficulties. The more I thought about it, the more I asked myself, What exactly was I expecting at my job day by day? Were my expectations positive and beneficial to my experience or were my expectations negative or fearful, leading to predictable trouble? The answer to those questions are the answers to your own life questions. What do you expect?
Similar to the old riddle, the chicken and the egg, comes a new riddle. Do your expectations and beliefs produce the reality you are experiencing or does the reality you are experiencing produce your expectations and beliefs? And although they would be reticent to admit it, I think most folks believe the latter. In other words, if things are going badly for them or if theyre experiencing difficulty and trouble, how would they be able to not expect more of the same? If it walks like a duck and talks like a duck, its a duck Or, is it? What if your present reality is based upon your most recent, predominant, expectations? What if you are contributing to your own misery by the power of your own negative expectations? Im guessing no-one would expect negative results if they realized the impact it had on their reality? Well, what do you expect?
It is infinitely easier to think that our lives are playing out in some grand drama whereby things are hurled at us unannounced and without rhyme or reason. However, on the surface alone this should show itself untrue. Does it really seem plausible that God is in the heavens passing out blessings and cursings at random to test and try or bless and benefit His creation? Would it be logical to assume that some people are highly favored and others are despised; some enjoy good things while others live in misery, all by chance or happenstance? Nay my friend, you know that isnt true! What you think and believe forms the basis of what you expect and you get what you expect. Negativity, like positivity, is a persuasion coming from conclusions formed within yourself. The circumstances, good or bad, dont decide your ultimate conclusions, you do! When you live in negativity, always expecting things to go wrong or for difficulties to get worse, you have been persuaded thus and will continue along the same lines as long as you continue along the same lines! What do you expect?
All of us think we are mostly positive and would swear by it. But, the acid test is revealed by what you say out loud. Do you want to know what kind of things you are expecting to happen in your life? Well, just listen to the things you say to other people. When people ask how you are doing, what do you answer? Or, do you even give it any thought before you belt out the well rehearsed, fine. What things do you say to people over and over again about your life? Those things, said in jest or not, are what you expect for your life. What are you excited about happening in your life? If the answer is nothing, call me crazy, but I would say your expectation is negative! If you now, since reading that, are trying to confabulate some mundane realities into something more exciting, your expectation is probably negative. Do you expect negative results?
It may surprise you to know that expecting good things takes no more energy than expecting bad things. However, because we live in such a dreadfully negative world, we have become accustomed to getting negative results. When things are going well for us we engage in silly superstitions like knocking on wood to keep the good continuing. Or, we have been conditioned that as soon as we announce something positive is happening, watch out, evil is preparing to get us (Dont jinx it, right?)! Our job therefore is to escape the madness and focus on the good instead! We have to learn how to refute the negativity we are bombarded with and see, by our own determination, good results before we see good results. We have to make ourselves picture a good result. God, how weird, right? Profound thought ~ if you cannot even see a picture of the things you want in your life, the chances of you getting those results are minute if not highly improbable! Please go back and read that sentence again! Because it is what you will expect!
Im completely aware that not everyone living is dwelling amidst some grand disaster needing immediate rescue. I would guess most people arent. Yet, I would submit that most people are living a life less than the life they would like to live. We may fantasize about living by the ocean when we are by the ocean, but when the vacation is over we shuffle back to our routine. Its like we are always waiting for the circumstances to reveal what we desire is coming pass, so that we can get onboard with it happening, when in reality the circumstances will only come to pass after we have gotten onboard with it happening. Truly a world of riddles! Humans have dreams even if they are only flashes into something sublime they would like for themselves. Pursue the flashes. Explore the revelation. Dare to see something different for yourself completely not based on your current experience or reality. I know its unclear! I know its only hazy and vague! Thats why you arent living it now! Sharpen the image. God has already promised to bless you. However, He needs your cooperation. Start looking for Gods blessings like youd look for a missing piece of jewelry! (Like its already there  get it?) Youll find what you expect to find.
By now you might say, what if I expect good things and nothing good happens? Well, you can always get back to expecting the worst and keep on navigating through the storms of life until you finally have had enough. Let today be the day you have had enough! All the good there is, is here waiting for you. Will you expect it?
Have you ever, in a sudden flash of insight, wondered how in the hell did I end up here? All of us had our youthful fantasies where we were playing professional baseball or were the star actor in a hit movie. However choppy or obscure, all of us entertained some vague notions of how life would be for us in the future. Then, the future got here and it wasnt exactly what we expected. For many folks it turned into a nightmare from which they are now seeking an escape. How did it happen? How did we end up here?
The short answer is, you were the one driving the bus! The longer answer is a little more tricky. The life that you are living today is a composite sketch you first outlined and then refined through days, months and years of thinking certain thoughts. Yes, my friend, you were driving the bus. Oh, I know it didnt seem like you were always driving the bus. If anything it seemed like you were sometimes navigating the bus through difficult and confusing circumstances. Many days perhaps you were anxiously driving the bus with a death grip on the wheel, fearful of how things were going to turn out. At other times, for a myriad of reasons, you let someone else drive your bus trusting them to get you to a good destination. For years maybe you were not even aware that you are supposed to drive your own bus and just hoped with the rest of the world that God would somehow drive your bus for you if you were good to people and werent too much of a dick or something But no matter the reasons, even the compelling good reasons, you are responsible to drive your own bus and choose your own destinations!
I believe that we all, on occasions, find ourselves scratching our heads at how we turned out to be exactly like our fathers or suffer from the same issues as our mothers, though we swore we never would. We didnt realize that the same crap that got to them would eventually get to us as well. In our youthful wisdom, we didnt see it coming, just like they didnt see it coming. In reality it wasnt our propensity to fall for the same mistakes that defeated us or even inherited weaknesses in the gene pool that got us. What got us; what defeated us; what we failed to see was it, manipulating behind the scenes and causing us to drive our buses in the wrong damn direction! All that precious time we spent focusing on things we didnt want, left us driving on a road we didnt choose, leading to a destination we do not like. You want to know how you got here? This is how you got here! The sooner you decide to take your keys back the better.
Aside from the incessant and persistent manipulation and every other force that drives us away from our best lives, there is another far more subtle power at work, also based on fear but far less obvious. This perennial flat tire to our happiness is the overworked and overused, insane, dishonest, I have to please everyone else mentality that seems noble but in reality is a cruelty afflicting both who you are and who you could ever hope to be! This slippery wrench in the works convinces you to make choices that arent really your choices in favor of playing it safe or protecting your family or whatever other bullshit you have been confessing to yourself to rationalize bad decisions and miserable circumstances. Your age, your income, your bad knees, your upbringing, your momma, your spouse all have nothing to do with your capacity; even your necessity to change your thoughts and slowly but surely change your life. You are no more stuck than the energy it takes to say so. None of us are ever truly mired in lifes circumstances, no matter how they present themselves. What we become stuck in is a wrong belief playing itself out over a thousand iterations. Change the flat tire!
How your life has played out thus far is a product of your own making and once you are finally able to own that, you can climb confidently back into the drivers seat and chart a new course; one that you sought after on purpose. Refusing to own your part in this grand drama leaves you as the victim, pitifully wasting away your one short go-round, waiting for someone or something to change your scenario; change your course for you. No matter how bad things may have gotten for you, you still know what you enjoy, right? You still know what good looks and feels like, right? It may surprise you to know that God Himself, with all of His limitless power and ability, can only take you as far as you are willing to go. His job isnt to drive you to your future destination. He made you the bus driver. Instead He can only encourage you through crazy blog-writers who have the audacity to repeat what His Word says, hopefully in ways that you can understand!
You think countless thoughts within the space of a day. Why not take a breath and find out what some of those thoughts are and then challenge them if they dont fit the image of what you want for your life. Just because you thought a thought doesnt make it true. Good bus drivers have to wrestle all of those unruly thoughts into submission and in doing so take over the wheel of their own ride.
However you got here to this moment in time only proves your history thus far. Your future is something you are planning for today by the thoughts you entertain the most. Recognize how big of a deal those little thoughts really are and work with the system people!
On February 24, 2018 February 24, 2018 By Papa TonyIn intentional life, living in the moment, Thought, thoughtsLeave a comment
It is remarkable how much energy we squander reliving past moments and future times. When our recall is pleasant or our anticipation sweet, our time travel enhances our journey. But when with squinted eye we lament the past or rashly dread an imaginary future, we sully and tarnish our journey and cut ourselves off from the experience of life that is now.
Just as your mind was designed to think one thought at a time, no matter the speed, and always in succession, your experience of life was intended to occupy all the space of right now. The incredible sensory beauty of nature is to be both perceived and received now. The love of people and your relationship to them is to be performed and reformed now. The solution to your trouble, your difficulty, your toil can only be discovered and then rediscovered now. Your life is now. Your feelings are now. Your understanding is now. Your experience is now. Your decision is now. Your God (and mine) is now.
Our senses have become so easily distracted, so anesthetized, so diluted that we fail to register what we need to detect. We miss it. We look asconce. We harden our hearts. We blow past it recklessly and without thought. We never impressed on our minds what it is and why we need to address its beckoning. Instead we dart beyond it, nervously anticipating or retreating from its threatening, all the while never slowing enough to see it for what it is. Feelings of boredom or lethargy frighten us and in escape from them we fill the air around us with media or music or talking or booze or anything that will succeed in removing the threat. However, the specter is not removed just postponed. Then each postponed moment adds, multiplies and carries over until the life of the person is eventually lost.
A bad marriage isnt one thing its a compilation of things. Its a hundred unsaid sentences; a thousand unspoken thoughts, a million feelings unaddressed. The job you loathe became so by your own diminished effort, your silent acquiescence, your failure to shine and effervesce and move upward and onward. Your lack of money or respect or fulfillment came not because someone wrestled it from you, but because you gave it up in thought or in practice, or better said in failure to think and then act. You arrived at where you arrived at not by a sudden bolt or surge or happenstance, not by commission, but by omission. All that futile dragging about and wallowing in some long dead past moment or anxiously rehearsing some ghastly, dreadful, or shame producing future time succeeded in removing your precious perception from the thing you needed to take care of while it was still called today!
Our present time has become perilously occupied and as addicts we crave more and more of both quantity and frequency. We can scarce handle a break in entertaining media. In our compulsion our time diminishes leaving us exhausted and busy and tired. Instead of running, running, running we should stop and have the courage to take on the moment that is now. Dont busy yourself with trifles. Dont log on or search or shop. Dont turn on anything but your beautiful mind. Allow yourself to feel again. Let pleasant and unpleasant emotions just be. Look at those thoughts that dog you and grab them by their leash. Consider whether theyre real or imagined. Push through the veil and see who has been driving your bus. Who or what has been moving you against your will from whats most important to you in life and convincing you to settle for less than that? What wrong ideas or untested theories are hiding in the darkness and acting as chains to bind you where there are no limitations? The answers to these questions; to anything that ever plagued you are all right here, obvious and clear in the moment called now, in the sweet reverie between you and your Creator.
The message has been playing all around you since time was first initiated. Its in the still small voice. Its in quiet meditation. Its in the honesty of prayer. Its in yoga and in sitting still. It is found in every sunrise and sunset. Its blended in the green of the tree leaves and grass and the bluish hue of the sky. Its the ocean, the sand and the gentle breeze. Its unplugged, outside and in every woods. It is your cherished life right now, and now, and now. It is your distinctive, wonderful experience of life both right now and in every incredible, future, unique now.
Dont grieve Gods heart by passing time and finding things to get you from one moment to the next. Dont occupy yourself for occupations sakes. Dont waste time in mindless distraction or in things not worthy of your experience. Instead harvest the bountiful crop to be savored in every precious moment of life. Honor your own heart and your own feelings. Trust yourself and move confidently toward those things that warm you and ask your heart to speed up. Open your eyes and finally see the incredible attention to detail; the unfailing love; the miracle that is this life all wrapped up in the wonder of time right now
Im not sure how this kind of thing happens or whats behind those sudden decisions we make in life, though I have some strong suspicions, but for whatever reason you suddenly find yourself consumed with the idea of putting yourself to the test in some capacity for some important reason. This is exactly what happened to me. I was about to return from a conference where I happily ate, drank and was merry. As the conference closing drew near, I finalized the idea that when I got home I was going to put myself on a drastic calorie reduced diet. My reasoning basically consisted of the idea that I had allowed myself to get fat and was getting to the point where I could barely tolerate that guy in the mirror. I knew this diet was the only plan that had worked for me in the past, so I put the naysayers behind me and began the 21 day quest. Naturally, my reduced calorie diet included an abstinence from alcohol for the next 21 days as well. Im not the kind of guy that needs a drink to function, but I cannot recall the last time I hadnt even had a glass of wine for 3 weeks. So the test and the learning commenced
Much to my surprise, my first lesson made clear to me how important it is to make decisions, specifically the stronger your decision, the easier it is going to be to carry out your plan. When, by God, you decide how it is going to be, then, by God that is exactly how it is! Day after day I lost a pound as promised; did not cause my body to think I was starving; had vegetables and protein daily; did not suffer the litany of other ailments I would surely undergo from losing weight too quickly. My only pair of jeans that still fit soon took on the baggy look. I found a whole wardrobe of suits and shirts that magically worked again. Shoot, I could even wear a t-shirt to the gym without the all too familiar belly bulge! Victory!
Uber discipline in place for calorie reduction, my most pleasant surprise came by shaking up my familiar routines involving alcohol. Not having a glass of wine during the week was relatively simple, but not having any wine on the weekend days, thats a whole other story! You may not realize this but Friday nights were made for wine. Choosing no wine on wine night is quite a slap in a habits face! Abstain I did, as I had already decided, and I was left with myself facing myself. You know what I found? Years of unresolved childhood issues and hurts left unattended? Painful realizations of what my life really consisted of? Ummm, no! What I found was that absent the anesthetic, I was damn productive. Suddenly I had a lot of shit to do! After I did it, I assumed my usual veg position on the couch minus the fatty chips and a glass of wine. When in doubt, do thinking I think youll enjoy it.
My next realization and perhaps best lesson learned involved how I felt about myself. Im not trying to tell you that abstinence is best or that you should live without many of the things that you enjoy. What I am telling you is that controlling yourself feels damn fantastic! Control yourself! Learn to say no! Resist! Take charge of the organism. Your desires, your wants, your enjoyments, your habits arent in control, you are! And when that day comes, for whatever reason, prompted by whatever logic, do it, feel it, overcome it. Controlling your own self is like crack cocaine to your self-esteem. You become the effin champion! Its the most unusual, yet most profound thing in the world. Controlling yourself, not just for a rough 21 day test, but throughout your life, clearly is the best thing to do. I mean, if a small piece of cheese makes a mouse return to the same spot, the feelings you get from controlling yourself, alone, are worth any hardship you might face. Its like God is telling you, See, control isnt bad, its everything good! Try it
At the risk of sounding preachy or, God forbid, religious, your brain really doesnt need the substance to be okay. Your unaltered mental state can actually be very sweet and even more resilient than you have given it credit to be. The trick is to avoid rapid medication over just allowing yourself to be with yourself as yourself. Some jokes arent that funny. Some experiences are hysterical. In short, you start to figure out things that need to be done and things you want to get done. Have I sworn off wine forever? Of course not! But, I did put myself to the test and not only won, but more importantly learned some valuable things about myself.
My seemingly insignificant little experiment taught me so many things, the greatest of which is that control is not something to be feared, but rather something to be embraced and honored. Cliche aside, life is too damn short to be under anythings control! Prove it to yourself!
Now, whats next? What should you do? Well, if you dont mind, find that thing that you cannot live without; find that part of life youve convinced yourself you have to have and go without it. Cut it off for a minute. Give it up. Just say no! It can be as simple as Dunkin Donuts coffee or as serious as a drug addiction. Point is  you dont need anything outside of yourself to be happy and you can discipline yourself to give up almost anything (except what you need to live). But, dont do it because I said so, do it when you also experience that urge; that calling; that determination to put yourself to the test and win.
In the Spring of 1982, I was a young college student when I first experienced the class that would change my life forever called, Power for Abundant Living. Having grown up with no religious training, I was fortunate not to have any compulsive, well schooled creeds to unlearn, except for one  fear. And, like most people, you would never know this by observing me. I said all the right things and generally made sure it appeared like I had it all together. However, underneath that deliberate facade, I was afraid of everything.
One of the first lessons from this class about the Bible was that fear is always wrong. (If you just mentally rehearsed some scenarios where fear is good, you need the class!) Fear has defeated more peoples lives than any other thing in the world. Fear always encases, always binds, always limits what you can and cannot do. Fear steals away your energy. Fear lowers your vitality. Fear produces inertia and eventually stops your life from moving forward as it should. Fear is sand in the machinery of life. Accordingly, fear not is the number one admonition in the Bible.
Fear is not simply an emotion or a sense of healthy caution that keeps you from walking off a cliff. Fear is a negative form of believing. What you believe in the depth of your being is what you receive or experience in this life, including that which you fear. The fears you unknowingly cling to either from wrong teaching or ignorance serve only to limit and thwart your life. When and where you have fear you have defeat in your life. Just as a person positively envisions some goal with the expectation of achieving it, fear is negatively envisioning something bad with a fearful expectation of receiving it. No-one would purposely expect bad things for their life and thats why fear is always wrong! If you look for it and if you are honest, the places where you struggle the most have some fear interspersed in there. However, just as you began life without all of these fears, those fears can be overcome!
Fear, like any negatives that assault your life, doesnt just show up overnight. Rather it begins as a process from which you are likely unaware. (If you knew it you wouldnt participate) Fear always begins with a doubt. Doubt appears following an uncertainty concerning some aspect of your life. The uncertainty you are experiencing leads to feelings that you have to figure out the source of your uncertainty. (This is a typical human response and why the technique is so effective.) As you begin in earnest to figure out the source of your uncertainty, you have to mentally entertain the troubling thought while you try to figure it out. Entertaining the troubling thought, though you are sincerely trying to solve a problem, now transitions into worry. Worry is dwelling on difficulties or troubles, always following uncertainty. Dwelling on the darkness wont bring forth the light! Dwelling on and considering potential troubles doesnt actually help to solve those troubles, but rather serves to entrench those troubles into your thinking. Entrenched worries now turn into fear. Fear means the devil is already inside the door. Fear is a hole in the hedge of Gods protection around your life. Your fear has now become a strong expectation for your life and if persisted in, will bring that negative potentiality into your life. Then you may exclaim, I knew it! and you would be correct but before it happened you had another choice! Get rid of fear in your life!
As frightening as this all sounds, it has been going on almost since the earth began, when another power gained access and began bringing fear into peoples lives. It continues to this day because it works wholly by deception. The reason you cannot solve the sudden uncertainty you are experiencing in your mind is because the uncertainty wasnt true to begin with! You begin your attempt with a wrong starting premise. By entertaining the wrong idea, no matter your good motive, you are acknowledging it as true; as a real possibility for your life. In that you have already been defeated! If you start wrong you will end wrong. Instead of allowing the doubt to persist, leading eventually to worry and finally issuing in fear, you have to learn to control your thoughts and refuse to entertain the negative possibility! This is not an easy thing to do. You are going to feel real, real tempted to take that thing on in your mind. Youll feel as if you cannot let it go and have to think about it. Well, its a trick and will always end badly. Its not your job to protect yourself from all negatives and evil, its Gods job. Let God do His job while you do your job
Power for Abundant Living taught me how, for the first time in my life, to completely rid myself of worry and fear. The class focused on the greater (greatest) power  God! It taught me how to understand the Bible for myself including those things written for my learning and those things directly applicable to my life. Ultimately the class taught me how to receive Gods power into my life via holy spirit and begin utilizing that power in my life, leading to power for abundant living! As vividly as I recall receiving Gods power into manifestation in my life, I also vividly recall and embrace being fear-free for the first time in my life! And although fear would continue its assaults on my mind and at times gain a little access, I continue to feel monumentally grateful for having learned these principles and to now experience my life as a son of God!
I encourage you my dear friends, no matter which path you may take, to learn for yourself the truth of Gods Word; to learn how to receive Gods power into your life; and to learn how to rid yourself of all fear in every category of life!
Whenever you speak of solving problems or repairing broken parts of your life, there is always the assumption that you actually know what your problems are and where your life might need some repair. To rashly conclude your life is in no need of any revisions or improvement makes you a dummy. But, if you are willing to at least consider that there may be something better out there for you, there are some things you have to get clear about first. You cannot fix what you cannot see
Im sure by now you are fairly clear on the reality that there is a right way to go and there is a wrong way to go. When you go the right way there is no downside to you or your life. Theres no negative price to pay or some sacrifice of something that is needful. The right way feels good and is good. There are no strings attached, no hidden snares, no gotcha waiting to get you. Conversely, the wrong way sooner or later makes itself known by reaching up and smacking you in the face! The cause may seem far removed from the effect, but the effect is always there as it necessarily must be. However, the wrong way carries with it another deleterious effect which you may not be aware of, namely its capacity to blind your eyes to its existence. In the same way that right clears your vision, wrong obscures it!
A double-minded man is unstable in all his ways. Theres no walking the fence when it comes to right and wrong. Choosing right is going to bless you and choosing wrong is going to hurt you. The method in which wrong seeks to harm you is by hiding its effects on you. If you have a disease hidden in your body, the sooner it is discovered the better. The longer a disease process has to work on you, the deeper its influence on your body and the worse your chances of surviving it. Wrong, of which disease is a member, works the same way. For wrong to continue to have access to your life, there has to be some principle or maxim or belief you are unknowingly perpetuating. The wrong way is often a very subtle distinction. The glutton eats himself to death because food is to be enjoyed. The rich man loses his health and family and eventually his life because life is supposed to be prosperous. You cannot fix what you cannot see
The first step in getting results is not only to choose right, but also to stop choosing or allowing wrong. Wrong is not the excitement or spice of life it purports itself to be. Wrong isnt the fun in life that youve been missing or the sin God doesnt want you to do because He isnt into your enjoyment. Instead those things are simply wrongs commercial, advertising a claim that isnt true. God not only treasures enjoyment, He wants you to find that enjoyment in your own life. Again this is part of how wrong hides itself in your logic. In its true essence, right is all of those things you are seeking, even if you cannot see that at the moment. Right is the love, the joy, the peace, the abundance, the prosperity, the health you are sincerely after! But for right to have its way, you have to lay aside the wrong
Perplex yourself no further in futility trying to figure out why the good things you want in your life arent happening for you. No, no, no dont start there. Begin by identifying the wrong things you are clear about and put them all aside. Stop doing them. Stop indulging them. Stop putting up with them. Now dont you get all religious on me by refusing yourself nachos or wine in the evening or having sex with someone you love. That bondage is more wrong. Im talking about those things you know in your heart arent right. Those habits of thought and action that have been promising you the same results for years; good feelings, peace, happiness, yet consistently giving you something else; bad feelings, guilt, general unrest; those are the things of which to rid yourself. If every time you do a certain behavior you feel bad about it, for the love of God stop doing the behavior. Dont ignore what is, in favor of what you hope might be. You cant fix what you cant see
Deciding you are going to forever stop a pattern of thought or a behavior on its own is like putting yourself on a perpetual, strict diet. It only works as long as you remain determined or until a delicious cheeseburger keeps showing up. Instead, the better way to stop something is to replace it with something else. Replace that obvious wrong with a new behavior or a new approach. The best of the best would be to see the wrong for what it is  wrong, and stop putting up with its lies. Decide to see for yourself the error and deeply consider the negative effect it has had on your life; if the effect is only that you no longer like yourself. Thats enough on its own.
The more you adamantly decide to put off the wrongs in life, the more clear your vision will become. Like the former drug addict or alcoholic, you will see maybe for the first time the stupid things that have been plaguing your life. You finally get a glimpse of the wrong beliefs you have been harboring in your heart for years and years. Glory, hallelujah you can see! And in seeing you can change or repair any aspect of your life that wasnt the best and get on a new course to victory, love, peace, joy and abundance. Or said another day, get on the right path. You surely can fix what you can see! I promise you.
With the New Year upon us, we often find ourselves making goals and plans for some new and improved version of ourselves. At its core, is a fundamental belief that something is not right about us. We have some fault or failing we need to remedy. And from that erroneous starting premise we desire to make repairs. The whole world seeks to fit itself within this system, yet continues to fail year after year after year! The fundamental reason for this persistent, pervasive, cancerous approach is that we are failing to ask ourselves the right questions.
Life is spiritual, not religious, spiritual. Behind everything that you experience in your life is a spiritual cause or influence. The only two spiritual options are good and evil. Sounds simplistic but its true whether you believe it or not. Good only seeks to influence you for a good end; happy, healthy and fulfilled. Evil seeks to influence you for something less than desirable and in most cases things that take your life away from you in part or in whole. The end of evil is always death. Short of killing you, evil seeks to eff your life up!
At your core essence as a human being there is nothing wrong with you. Persevering with questions about what is wrong with me are always the wrong questions. The right question is what are you allowing to influence your life? You have difficulties in your life and can easily see where and how the same things seem to defeat you year after year. You can tell by noticing how many times you have written the same goals, in earnest. You are frustrated because you should know better and choose better. The wrong that you and I do is not because we are bad people, yet that is quite hard for us to believe. The wrongs we do are because we have been influenced by evil in some form or fashion. We have accepted something that isnt true. We have too often taken the bait promising us something that we want only to find out later thats not what we are getting. In short, we have succumbed to evil influence.
No-one would ever choose evil if they saw it for what it really is. Evil always comes with some deception, some guise, some hard to detect cover. Yet there it sits working behind the scenes on everything that has ever gone wrong with your life. Everything! The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was to convince the world he didnt exist. (The Usual Suspects, circa 1995) Because of this, many, many people attribute things that go wrong to God, the source of all goodness. In catastrophe they seek meaning instead of looking for the evil influence and how it gained access. Absent an answer, again from asking the wrong question, they make up fables concerning Gods greater purpose etc. Goodness cannot do anything but goodness and His influence is always preservative and safe.
Being influenced by evil doesnt just consist of pursuing lustful pleasures but also encompasses sin, guilt, unworthiness and all unnatural preoccupation with oneself. Feelings of not being worthy, perpetuated by churches and religion, always leads to the most powerful weapon in the adversarys gun belt  fear! Once the enemy has convinced you that something is wrong with you, you have already been defeated. Once you get on the hamster wheel of making mistakes, feeling badly and doing good works to atone for your sins, get ready because youre going to be spinning on that wheel for a long, long time. When you arrive there fear is at the threshold! Most of what has gone south on you in life is due to fear. Fear is the number one evil influence to extricate yourself from.
The right question to ask yourself in the New Year is what am I afraid of? Where am I unknowingly allowing evil in the door? What influences in my life are leading me astray? If you really want to see you can see and God will make sure of that. All humans are susceptible to these influences and true goodness will never put you in bondage to some religious behaviors you dont really want to do. Escaping evil influences isnt about focusing on your behavior and all you do and shouldnt do. That poison will only put you in deeper. Instead the better question is what things have I allowed into my life that end up bringing me pain? Why have I allowed them and what false promises have they offered me that really arent true?
Detecting and discerning evil influences require a spiritual standard outside of yourself. What feels right only works on occasion. Many things that feel right or that you have no problem participating in, only feel right because you have long been systematized into their error. In this winning at life thing you cannot always trust your feelings. Instead you have to learn spiritual realties from the spiritual book called the Bible. Before you discount that for your life, you have to ask yourself do you really know what it says or have you made some snap judgments about it? I think it makes sense that the same influence messing your life up will also work to keep you away from that book! The Good Book is why we know that evil does exist no matter how many thousands of voices in the world shout disagreement.
The New Year, like any new year offers the promise of a better future. Gain access to your better future by learning to discern evil influences in your life. Quit making it all about you. There is absolutely nothing wrong with you! What is wrong is your failure to see what is behind all of your difficulties and challenges. None of us are good by our own merits. Thinking so is a dangerous game heading for disaster. See life for what it is spiritually and then pursue the good influences. The good influence will only help you and bless you and as is often needed, repair you! The Good Influence loves you no matter what you do. Isnt that what you need the most? Sure it is and you know it
Kina Kai pounded hard from behind Hot couple does a morning stroll before heading Hairy Asian Sucks And Fucks Blonde Perfection Blowjob Heaven 6: First-class sexual act by outstanding young couple by Nubile Films.
Great Lesbian Sex in public Sexy Kina has sex with pool guest poolside 3: Very sexy married guy gets fucked by a gay. Sexy couple xxx. Shawna Lenee stays nude and gives tugjob.
Bengali girl very tight 4: Tattoed couple fuck slowly on the bed until Hot morning sex of Hailey and her boyfriend. Amateur homemade creampie indian couple Get ready for some spontaneous, Indian couple kinky sex and lusty games. Erotic Turkish Handjob Massage Passionate Asian couple 5: Amateur Couples 3 3: Indian couple homemade 20 days ago YOUX. Without question, she jumps on his dick and fucks him good in all positions until his dick shoots cum out all over her tight body! Shawna Lenee letting an anonymous masked man worship her tits.
Shawna Lenee sucking him off right there on the dealership floor. Horny men in very sexy bareback scene sex act. Phone thai girl blowjob 1: Amateur asian lesbian students having fun togheter 3: Long sex tape from Indian amateur couple 2: From the depths of the Internet, from all over the world, we have collected the sweetest episodes of teen debauchery!
Dozens of dozens of real year-old teenager stories and scenes are waiting for you in the high-quality videos, depicting the young girls in hot action!
Madison and Shawna the silicone twins. Hot milf selfies. Adorable brunette wearing black mesh panties Without question, she jumps on his dick and fucks him good in all positions until his dick shoots cum out all over her tight body! Report this video as Inappropriate.
Editorial State of the nation New South Wales teachers in government schools can now apply for a new position called a 'Highly Accomplished Teacher.' The new position is linked to the Professional Teaching Standards of the NSW Institute of Teachers at the levels of Professional Accomplishment and Professional Leadership. Undertaking accreditation at Professional Accomplishment or Professional Leadership is a prerequisite for appointment. The new position has been created as part of the Teacher Quality National Partnership so that the best of NSW government school teachers can seek an increase in pay to take their talents and experience into schools in some of the state's most disadvantaged communities. The 'Highly Accomplished Teachers' will work in the classroom but with a reduced teaching load so they'll have time to mentor and support other teachers and take a leadership role at the school without the need to move from the classroom and into administrative roles. The first applicants for the new positions completed online preliminary assessments in March. More positions will arise throughout the year. LINKS www.nswteachers.nsw. edu.au In Tasmania, the controversial post-Year 10 reforms, called 'Tasmania Tomorrow' are 'dead' or 'undergoing refinement,' depending on your point of view. Tasmanian Education Minister Lin Thorp in June announced 'changes to the current model for post-Year 10 education and training following extensive On the table for consultation by all members of the Australasian Teacher Regulatory Authorities (ATRA), teachers and other stakeholders around Australia has been the first draft of the national professional standards for teachers. The consultation ended on 21 May. ATRA has worked with teachers and other stakeholders in each state and territory to coordinate a national response to the draft. The response reflects the feedback of teachers from around the country. The consensus from teachers is that there is quite a bit of work to be done. We must have standards that work for teachers from Bathurst Island to Bruny Island and Byron Bay to Broome. They should be the national common reference point that articulates, celebrates and supports the complex and demanding nature of a teacher's professional life from preparation to the twilight of their career. These standards will be the building blocks of a national profession, and they must be right. consultations.' The Tasmania Tomorrow reforms created a pretertiary Tasmanian Academy, in place of the state's existing senior secondary colleges, and a vocational Tasmanian Polytechnic. The Tasmanian Academy will continue to enrol students aged between 15 and 19 years and will broker with the Polytechnic to provide students access to Polytechnic courses. The Greens, on whom the minority Labor government depends, insisted on the change to the system. According to Thorp, the main change is to bring the Academy and Polytechnic under the control of the Education Department by 2011. The changes also include scrapping the Academy and Polytechnic boards, restoring senior secondary colleges, which each get back their original name and a principal, and moving staff back to the Education Department. A Grattan Institute report using data from the Teaching and Learning International Survey (TALIS) of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development claims that teacher management in Australian schools is dysfunctional. According to Ben Jensen, Grattan Institute Program Director of School Education and TALIS coauthor, only eight per cent of Australian teachers believe they'd receive recognition for improving their teaching, while 91 per cent believe they would receive no recognition for innovative teaching and 93 per cent believe their school principal does not take steps to address persistently underperforming teachers.
Electrical inspections are required whenever new electrical work has been done or upgrades to existing electrical components are made.
Municipalities and insurance companies require electrical inspections to be performed by a certified electrical inspector. In almost all cases, homeowner insurance companies will not cover any claims arising from new electrical work that was not inspected such as pools, additions, services, etc.
If there is any doubt that electrical work may not have been installed properly or inspected you may need an electrical inspection.
Worldwide exhibitions for incentive travel, meetings and events - taking place in Frankfurt & Las Vegas.
various kitchen drain pipe large size of sink faucet kitchen waste pipe sink repair clogged sink clogged kitchen kitchen drain line cleaner.
The 2018 annual meeting will be held at Archbold Biological Station, located on the southern end of the Lake Wales Ridge in south-central Florida. Except for the Saturday night social and awards dinner, all activities will take place at the Station, utilizing the Frances Archbold Hufty Learning Center. The unique field station setting will provide plenty of opportunities to unwind and experience the stunning biodiversity of the surrounding Florida scrub ecosystem. See www.archbold-station.org for more information about the meeting location.
As Im sure youre all aware, Hurricane Michael is expected to make landfall on the panhandle of Florida on Wednesday. This will undoubtedly disrupt travel plans for many of you. However, at this point we are going ahead with the meeting, considering at least 60% of the registered attendees are coming from areas that are not going to be directly affected by the storm.
Neither Archbold nor GTC have made any decisions yet about issuing refunds to those who cannot attend due to the hurricane. Rest assured we will do what we can, recognizing the need to cover costs of food and other meeting expenses that have already been incurred. If you know that you can no longer attend, please email me brothermel@archbold-station.org and cc facilitiescoordinator@archbold-station.org. We especially need to hear from any presenters as soon as possible.
We should have a better idea of possible changes to the meeting schedule by Wednesday and will be sure to keep you informed. In the meantime, good luck to all of you now prepping for this major hurricane. Were keeping you in our thoughts.
Unfortunately, we have had to close registration early because we have reached maximum capacity for the facility. We apologize to those who we cannot accomodate.
Every meeting attendee must register as a visitor to Archbold Biological Station no later than Sept. 28th. This Archbold registration form also allows you to reserve on-site lodging and sign up for your choice of nature walks on Friday morning.
Please dont forget to renew your membership or become a member of the GTC if you are not including it in your registration fees!
Online booking is unavailable. Be sure to mention Gopher Tortoise Council to receive these discounted rates.
Thank you to everyone who already ordered t-shirts through CustomInk and especially those who made additional donations. Your support is much appreciated!
We will be re-opening the fundraiser for another 4 weeks starting this Friday, Sept. 21. T-shirts ordered during this time will be printed and shipped directly to you after Oct. 19.
Kanan Films provides Film, Photo and Video Production Services to national and international media production companies. Based at the Mexican Caribbean.
Our goal it is to generate the best production value to your project and provide you and your crew a pleasant working experience. We offer high quality locations, logistics and access to professional crew and gear.
You can download BMW E28, Stance, Stanceworks, Static, Low, Savethewheels, Norway, Summer, Look Back HD background from Cars category for free. This wallpaper is available in formats you can see below for pc, mac, tablet or mobile (Android, Windows, Iphone). Your resolution is highlighted in green. If you don't find the exact resolution you are looking for, choose 'Original size' or higher resolution which may fit perfectly to your desktop. Click on any resolution link to see the preview and then you can save or download the background.
cars, nature, women, 1920x1200, animals, nature & landscapes, 1920x1080, sky, landscapes, flowers, clouds, fantasy, trees, brunettes, mountains, games, video games, water, sunset, tree, beautiful, photography, 3d & abstract, abstract, actress,
All wallpapers on this website belong to their respective copyright holders, Wallpapers can only be downloaded from this website for personal use as desktop wallpapers. If you wish to use these wallpapers for any other purpose you must get permission from their respective authors. If you have problem with a wallpaper published on that site, please let us know by the email.
DeSoto Schools' Grace House Logansport High School Mansfield Elementary School Mansfield Middle School Mansfield High School North DeSoto Lower Elementary North DeSoto Upper Elementary North DeSoto Middle School North DeSoto High School Stanley High School
Central Office Administration Business Services Departments DeSoto Dispatch DeSoto Parish External Auditors District Forms Documents Operations Food & Nutrition Service Student Privacy Department of Administration Technology School Calendars School Transportation Human Resources Student Learning Student Services Exceptional Student Services Section 504 School Accountability School Board Nursing
Twitter, Facebook, Soundcloud, YouTube . . . you have heard of these music/social media platforms and we love them, but theres a new kid on the block and its called Klickjam.
Dont get it twisted, Klickjam is not a competitor of any current music profile platforms, just think of it as an additional tool to slide into your trusty music toolbelt.
Priding itself in aiding musicians achieve further UNIVERSAL exposure, Klickjam is the worlds FIRST digital platform specifically designed to bring the ENTIRE world of MUSIC under one lens.
What else makes Klickjam different and worth your consideration? Well, unlike other online platforms where musicians are featured and do share interests, Klickjam is ENTIRELY established for music lovers as well as musicians, singers, bands, promoters, performers, songwriters, and agents alike. In addition, instead of just social sharing, at Klickjam you are able to connect and be connected to anyone and everyone from around the world who is either interested in your talent or who you show an interest in  and get this, you will have the contacts to make it happen as Klickjam has an easy-to-use search function with real-time updates from musicians around the world  to illustrate, you have THREE avenues to musically globe trot:
And its so easy to create an account  about 4 clicks and youre done. After establishing your talent sketch, you set up your location map, and then you are ready to share, seek new ways to collaborate, explore new business opportunities, and give your music its own shout-out.
So, in a nutshell, lets look at it this way: Imagine a large EXCLUSIVE sound hub thats FREE where you can take a seat (so-to-speak) at the largest table in music and communicate with all sorts of music lovers and those in the music community from around the GLOBE. And while there, you can display your talent, take their information, give your contact info., share songs, stories, and connect. In other words, Klickjam is more of a roundtable global online experience where it is more ONE on ONE to get what you need, when you need it, for your career in music.
Already a bilingual site, it is set to add more languages with the platform currently available in English and French with Spanish on its way.
Sure, you have other online profiles on music platforms and you love them and continue to refer back to them  no worries  keep doing you, but again, now add this extra tool in your toolbelt to really get the job done.
It does not matter if you have been in the music scene for a minute, if youre independent, or if you have been on the scene for decades, this is a career op that you do not want to miss.
As Shakespeare said A dream itself is but a shadow so make YOUR dream a reality and go to https://klickjam.com and get started or follow @Klickjam. Again, its FREE. What do you have to lose? Join the cool kids and finally set yourself up for success!
In todays world, almost all innovations in the automotive industry are based on electronics and IT systems. The number of smart vehicles, which are connected to the Internet, is increasing. These smart vehicles send and receive data via the cloud
Thank you! Your blog post will be advertised on the DigiFree Digital Scrapbooking Freebie search engine today (look for timestamp: 03 Aug [LA 03:28am, NY 05:28am, UK 10:28am, OZ 08:28pm] ).
Lara, your designs are just beautiful and I am just downloading your freebie papers at MSS now. Thanks so much for this and I can't wait to see what you come up with next! From Sharon in Australia.
All you need is love, a good digital scrapbooking kit and some chocolate. Lara's Digi World designs digital scrapbooking kits, clipping photo/paper masks and also commercial use products. Lets take a journey through our Digi-World. We hope you get inspired and find some perfect kits to scrap your beautiful photos of your loved ones. "Why fit in when you were born to stand out?" - Dr. Seuss
To honor this holiday I was looking for some cool quotes from the founding fathers. Well, it turns out Im not as much into politics as I am emotional wellness and how it affects relationships, so this quote by Thomas Jefferson hit home:
Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances.  Thomas Jefferson
Ironically, studying the founding fathers of America will quickly lead you to the conclusion they too thought more about relationships and the emotional nature of humans than raw politics. Frankly, the Declaration of Independence , which was authored by Thomas Jefferson, and the Constitution are both written arguably for the sole purpose of defining and setting boundaries around the relationship between individuals and their government. Tomorrow, we celebrate the adoption of the Declaration of Independence on July 4th, 1776, Independence Day.
One reason is that some people by nature want to lead and another is that there are a lot of hot and emotionally ruffled people in the world. The danger to the rest of us comes when the same person possess both of these qualities. Due to their innate instability, these people often seek to control others, be it people or animals. Worse yet, because they cant gain advantage by means of their emotional health they satisfy their appetites for control in one of two undesirable ways, force or coercion. In general these people give off some pretty negative vibes. Jefferson had seen this type before.
Emotionally healthy leaders on the other hand, command respect through their behavior, drawing willing followers to them in a seemingly effortless fashion. You just simply feel good in their company. You trust them, no matter what the circumstances, to do the right and reasonable thing. They generally seek the good of others above themselves.
If youre tuned in to emotion and body language you can easily identify both of these types of people from a distance. Without them saying a word, you can already know a great deal about them.
While Im fairly sure Jefferson, the third President of the United States, wasnt thinking about his dog or horse when he put this concept to words, I wonder if he ever had some inclination of the power this state of mind can have on animals. If he ever had a dog or a horse, Im quite sure he did. If you need some practice figuring out who these people are quickly, heres some advice, start listening to a dog or a horse.
Mosie can see emotionally unhealthy people coming from a great distance. She is our rescued, All American mutt. Shes like a fine tuned emotional health people meter. If youre one of those that manages to remain cool and unruffled under all circumstances she is generally pretty cool with you. If, on the other hand, you are not so cool, and heaven forbid a little emotionally ruffled, look out, she just may dismember you piece by piece. Mosie is afraid, observant, and smart. She knows that a person who is not emotionally sound is a threat to her and cannot be trusted. By noting her body language as well as those she opposes and accepts I have learned a great deal about people and their character.
Horses are born skeptics. They can also precisely calculate your emotional health to such a degree of detail we can safely call them mind readers. Pat Parelli, a natural horseman, is often heard saying, Some people can drive any horse crazy. You can guess which type of persons they are by now. Yep, you know them. The folks that step inside the pasture holding a rope, behind their back in a futile attempt to hide it, and all the horses run away. They too, like Mosie, know that this person cannot be trusted. They will not willingly follow such an emotionally fickle leader.
Think of some of the biggest nut cases in history and they were probably tyrannical leaders of nations. These are folks that attempted to kill entire groups of people because of the way they looked or their nationality. Or maybe, at a whim, they executed individuals out of wrath, jealousy, envy, or even entertainment.
So Jefferson was really on to something. First, if you want to be a leader whose followers are willing, learn to control your emotions under all circumstances. Second, beware of emotionally unstable people, especially those attempting to lead, as they will seek to control and coerce. They cannot be trusted. Tomorrow, as a nation we celebrate Independence Day. Maintaining our independence as a nation as well as individuals depends on our ability to discern emotional stability in people. Third, work to stay cool, calm, and collected yourself. Its attractive, offers an advantage, and it feels great! Heres wishing you an emotionally healthy Independence Day!
Now in a generation where most of us are in front of a computer screen, a lot whether its for work or catching up on your favourite YouTubers. We can practically sit there for hours. I know I do
When I worked for a magazine company I found that my right wrist (Im right handed) would start to hurt in the week. Using the computer mouse constantly began to wear on my wrists.
Penclic Mouse combines ergonomically sound design with modern mouse technology to bring great precision, comfort and efficiency
Penclic is a Swedish company who combine the latest technology with sleek, ergonomic design. Their products make your work by the computer more functional and efficient. Their aims are for durability, quality and care.
Penclics innovative computer accessories are attuned to the ergonomic requirements that our bodies need when at our desks. These ergonomic advances provided in the products grant the user an amazing and unique experience, which it definitely did. Apart from the strong ergonomic advantages found in Penclics products, they also strive to include nifty technological functions and smart, clean Scandinavian design.
Thoughts: I do believe there is definitely a place in the market for this item. As a lot of us our stuck behind our desks, which can lead to either back/wrist pain throughout time called RSI (Repetitive Strain Injury).
For myself, I do think I would be sticking to the good old mouse/laptop. As I found it more comfortable for myself throughout my work days. If you find that you struggle with wrist pain, give this item a go! Im looking forward to reviewing more of Penclics products as I know theres one I am going to love!
Sort results Price (Low to High) Price (High to Low) Name (A to Z) Name (Z to A) User Rating (High to Low) User Rating (Low to High)
It Invoice Template. You almost certainly know already that It Invoice Template is one of the trendiest topics on the web these days. Depending on the information we acquired from google adwords, It Invoice Template has very much search in google search engine. We feel that It Invoice Template deliver new thoughts or references for viewers.
Weve identified so many sources about It Invoice Template but we feel this is best. I we do hope you would also agree with our opinion. This picture has been published by admin and is in category tags page. Youll be able to download this image by hitting the save button or right click on the image and select save.
When click the up coming webpage have an understanding of what makes a quality piece of hand-made furnishings, you will conserve great deals of cash. Custom furniture is the third biggest purchase you will ever make, behind houses and automobiles. When it comes to furnishings, ensure you do not buy just because you liked it as soon as you saw it. The guides in this savvy are extremely useful and you have to learn them before opting for hand-made furniture shopping.
Solid wood will get scratches easily despite the fact that it is really quite. Wood veneer provides the same look and surface of strong wood but at a lower cost. With https://www.google.com/maps/place/Niche+Design+House/@40.4135624,-104.9919014,17z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x876eadbee2bb4807:0x5363745487a8e5bd!8m2!3d40.4135583!4d-104.9897074?hl=en-US of hand-made furniture scraps, particle board pieces can be made. Particle board furnishings is acceptable for numerous usages, but don't anticipate it to last anywhere near as long as solid wood hand-made furniture.
Take out hand-made furnishings drawers and cabinets to ensure the quality when purchasing. The drawers must extend totally then close and lock effectively. When you are getting rid of something, ensure to leave the doors open so they don't slam. Take some time to ensure knobs and manages are tightened up appropriately.
You should know that hand-made furnishings costs can change throughout a given year. Custom-made furniture shops typically provide an inventory sale at the start of the year to move the past year's staying inventory. Huge discounts are frequently provided around this time of the year. However, it's important to realize that regular furniture stores typically use bigger discounts than the most costly sellers.
The best hand-made furniture ought to have legs that are signed up with and not nailed to the frame; this is one method to discover if a furniture is high quality. Some of the most significant problems with scratching or gouging of floorings are due to plastic or metal legs. A terrific indication of quality when you're shopping for a high-end piece of hand-made furniture is actually the look of a fifth leg in the center. You need to never buy a pricey sofa that does not have the extra support of the fifth leg.
When you enter the law office, the reception area greets you, followed by the conference room on the right. The workstations follow, accompanied by two small cabins for private meetings. They are all visually connected to each other, without infringing on privacy. Suggested Webpage for the firms director, Monish Jain, is located off the reception area to eliminate noise and ensure privacy. Since the client also wanted a naturally ventilated space, the team of architects decided to use the large windows to their advantage. This apart, the abundance of glass gives the cabins an exterior view, while keeping things bright. Architecture & Interior Design - Inside a modern law office in Pune
When shopping for cushions, have a look at firm ones that have covers that can be gotten rid of. Cushions will last longer if they're constructed of more resilient products. If the cushions do have removable covers, you can turn them over so that each side wears equally. It's a terrific convenience to be able to get rid of cushion covers for washing.
Your option of hand-made furniture colors and fabrics should reflect your way of life: official or casual, nation convenience or city sophistication, and so on. You could expect your furniture to be stained and torn up within minutes if you own a big pet. Children can trigger stains and extreme wear and tear. The technique to being happy in the long run with your hand-made furniture is to purchase pieces that fit their designated usage.
I want you to see your life, business and mission in a way that you possibly have never seen it before. I know that down deep inside of you, you have a desire to make a difference and leave a legacy, I know that I do And that is why I am reaching out to you.
My new book, YOUR VOICE YOUR MESSAGE launches today. It will inspire you and give you the tools and knowledge you need to take that next step and leave a legacy.
EVERYONE has a voice and message What is yours? What gift, experiences, knowledge and expertise do you hold in your hand that others can learn and grow from? This book is your flash light in a dark room that will give you clarity about why you were put on this Earth. It will lead you into my 3 step process which is to Discover Your Voice, Design Your Voice and Deploy Your Voice Into your world.
I need your help to get this vital message out. This week is LAUNCH Week and well, to be honest it takes a lot of people working together to get a message heard above the noise of the crowd.
#2 Share the above link to your Facebook and Twitter account and make a personal comment. Personal comments really help because it adds that human side to your postings.
EVERYBODY has a voice, a message, lets help connect their voice to their message and make a difference in the world.
#5 Who do you know that is a Speaker, coach, consultant, topic expert, a wanna be author. This book is PERFECT for them.
Your Internet Service Provider and Government can track your torrent Activity! Hide your IP ADDRESS with a VPN!
Feel free to post any comments about this torrent, including links to Subtitle, samples, screenshots, or any other relevant information. Please Dont Download anything from Comments, And Links to Streaming Sites like Watch Online Big Brother UK S19E31 Live Eviction HDTV x264-PLUTONiUM[TGx] Full Movie, Fmovies, 123Movies, Putlocker, Netflix, etc.
KC Rosa claims no credit for any images featured on this site unless otherwise noted. All visual content is copyright to its respectful owners. KC Rosa is in no way responsible for, or has control of, the content of any external web site links. Information on this site may contain errors or inaccuracies; the site's proprietor does not make warranty as to the correctness or reliability of the site's content. If you own rights to any of the images, and do not wish them to appear here, please contact me and they will be promptly removed.
Boost up your Knowledge with our Training Programs. Through our diverse training programs, we are attempting true endeavours to furnish the students with the specialized information and other practical aspects of electronics
IE offers Electronic Design Services (EDS). We outline electronic based items for our customers. On the off chance that your item necessities incorporate electronics, we can design it.
Build your Career with our Training programs. Through our distinctive preparing programs, we are attempting genuine endeavors to furnish the students with the specialized learning and other practical accepts of Electronics.
IE offers IEEE based academic projects and training for B.E/B.Tech/M.Tech students on Embedded Systems, Robotics, PCB Designing. Project Training will incorporate getting the preparation, contextual analysis, critical thinking and live undertaking Scenarios.
IE's workshops and events will make students connect with Industry specialists to find out about most recent Technology and tools accessible in the electronic field.
We comprehend our client requirements, we share our thoughts mutually and attempt to make an effective circuit to achieve the ideology of client. We go with digital recreation first and after that, we go with real-time hardware.
In the second step, our group will compose the required code for client prerequisites. We make our code effective and short to make the functionality of hardware smooth. The code will be scrutinized in various stages to ensure it is sans error.
We give ultimate priority to the quality of the product, the working condition of final hardware along with the code is checked multiple times in different timeframes and conditions. After a successful result we get, we release that model to our client.
The Credibility of IE is expanding, with the ability to see our business through the eyes of our clients. This occurs by following every necessity of our esteemed clients.
We deliver what you need, not what we have !!! Our clients will pick us for our exceptional nature of exquisite deliverable.
IE is a good way to refresh knowledge, Keep it up. Kindly share more knowledge with respect to use case, so Youngsters can interpret the same and create some value out of it by following the instructions as a Roadmap.
Wow, super helpful! It makes it more simple and easy to understand! The textbook I was reading from, overcomplicated these terms!
Thank God !! you made this video, you saved my future in physics, I subscribed and liked your video immediately. keep up with your good work, really really thankful about this info
I added a video to a YouTube playlist https://t.co/gpvc31LGVS Unna Maata Cheppa Neevu Video Song | Nuvvu Naaku Nachav | Venkatesh |
The amazing Makeup and Hair Artist Helen Brady is one of the hottest makeup artists in the UK, also a nail technician and hair stylist. She works regularly within the fashion, media, commercial, theatrical and bridal beauty industries known for her vision, skills and artistic empathy whether creating a natural beauty image or cutting edge makeup drama. She is available for bookings in both London and the Midlands.
Kildorrery Community Development Ltd. is a non profit organisation which was officially set up on the 4th of October 1993. The aim of the organisation is to promote Kildorrery as a welcoming and active community for our residents and visitors, thus encouraging tourism and industry into the area. There are a number of sub-committees working within the Community Development, namely: The Community Housing Association, Community Alert, Tidy Towns Group, Historical Society, Senior Citizens' Association, Community Garden Group and the Playground Group.
The Community Development Office is open Mon - Fri from 9.00am - 5.00pm. We offer a full range of administrative services; typing, photocopying, printing, broadband use, laminating e-mailing and scanning. We also a Filte Ireland approved Visitor Information Point. The friendly office staff will gladly help with any questions or queries that you may have be you a visitor or local.
The Community Office was restored and a restaurant developed in the extension of the original building between Oct 2012 and July 2013 with the help of LEADER Funding provided by Ballyhoura Development Ltd. The building was purchased by Kildorrery Community Development Ltd. in 1998 to house its office and also to facilitate the running of the local Community Employment scheme which is still managed through the office. The decision was made by the Development Committee to restore the building, but due to the historic nature of the structure and its inclusion in the National Inventory of Architectural Heritage (NIAH), an architectural & archaeological impact study was carried out before any plans were drawn up. The study found that this vernacular building was of a very early origin and consequently the plans drawn up for its restoration were sensitive to the integrity of its heritage. The corrugated tin that was on the roof from a least before 1901 (1901Census of Ireland) was removed and the original thatch exposed and restored to its original appearance. The original walls were retained and restored with a lime render finish contemporary with their period. The extension to the rear of the building, which now houses Thatch & Thyme Restaurant, was built in such a way as to incorporate the original building and not impact on its structural heritage. Originally the building was thought to belong to a phase of the re-development of Kildorrery village by the 2nd Earl of Kingston in c.1777. It has since been featured as one of thirty houses selected for inclusion in the Cork County Council publication Heritage Houses of County Cork, and further examination of the building for the book has proposed that it belongs to a much earlier development of the village possibly dating back as far as c.1606 when the village was being developed as a market town by Maurice Fitzgibbon of Oldcastletown- The 10th White Knight.
Oaklawn Housing complex was officially opened on the 30th of September, 2006 and all of the houses are currently occupied. There are 9 houses in the complex and a Community Centre. The houses are warm and comfortable and nicely situated close to the village. They are suitable for elderly people who may wish to move to a more secure environment but remain in the community they are familiar with. During the year the Housing Association hold social gatherings in the Centre which everyone is welcome to attend. We would hope to make more use of the Centre in the future so we are open to ideas.
OUR sports editor, Mitch Lucas, says the NBA is always better when the Celtics are having a good season and the NFL is better when the Giants are having a good year. Wed add that Kilgore is always better when Sue is here.
A CENTURY ago, March 19, 1918 the government enacted Daylight Saving Time as a World War I effort to save coal. Even though it was halted later that year, it hung around here and there in one form or another until it was recognized again nationally in 1966 as part of the Uniform Time Act.
HERE we are, a century later, springing forward into DST again at 2 a.m. tomorrow, March 11. (And we couldnt be happier about it.)
IBAT, Independent Bankers Association of Texas, annually hosts their regional state-of-the-industry dinner at Country Tavern. Bankers from all over eastern Texas drive in for dinner and for a summary of whats up with bankers and whats down.
AS enlightening as the program always is, we find ourselves marveling at how well the Tavern staff handles a group of 100 or so in addition to their regular evening diners.
In 2008, a nissologist  one who studies islands  named Christian Depraetere selected a threshold of 0.1 sq km and calculated that there are 86,732 islands at or above this size on earth. That acreage  0.01 sq km  equals 107,639 square feet, or about the size of your average NBA stars home.
REEL East Texas Film Festival is still none months away and already almost four dozen entries have been submitted.
I'll preface this with somewhat of a back story. Earlier this year I moved into a much larger house than I had been living in. As part of my decor to decorate the den/office/game room I now have a nice small shelf section that displays all of my LUNAR material stretching back to the SEGA CD releases. I have all the US release titles of every LUNAR game and also the two PS1 strategy guides (I am sooooo glad I went through and bought that LUNAR Eternal Blue Complete hardcover guide new back in the day, as they're worth a pretty penny now). There's a lot of nostalgia with this series and I like to display it proudly.
While I was not fortunate to own the SEGA CD Eternal Blue in it's original packaging my copy of LUNAR TSS on SEGA CD is in it's original long box. One thing I always noticed in the back was a card to order the official strategy guide. I have seen both the strategy guides for auction plenty of times, and not only did the same authors do both guides but I've also noticed that the same company did guides for other US releases on the SEGA CD like Vay and Popful Mail. However I have never actually seen the contents of the SEGA CD LUNAR strategy guides themselves. With there being a recent influx of posts regarding original artwork and articles from the early 90s of LUNAR, did the SEGA CD guides include any artwork that say wasn't utilized by Working Designs or in any other US release material? I do know that Toshiyuki Kubooka did a good deal of artwork for the original titles and it's often a work of piece meal to get it all in one place in high quality (pulling from the manuals, art books, etc).
My curiosity is purely for the sake of seeing more of Kubooka's work. Despite his work from LUNAR being far over his works still manage to stay relevant such as with the Idolm@ster series.
I'm curious about this as well. I'm pretty sure some of the drawings Kubooka did for the Lunar I+II art book found their way into the original Japanese strategy guides.
I'll try to remember to check. I don't think there were any drawings that weren't in the Lunar I+II artbook, but I'll see.
I own a physical copy of the Lunar I+II artbook, and downloaded a scan of the TSS strategy guide. There was one profile of Ramus' head I had not seen in the artbook (the smaller TSS section anyway), the rest are all contained in it, though the color was removed, or simply images from the actual game (again no color). The book is mostly EB, so I'll need more time to cross reference the EB strategy guide. Photo of said Ramus head is attached:
Dragonmaster Alexs side profile shot, its similar to the one in the I+II Artbook however they removed his long hair or it got cut off in printing.
Thanks for doing that, since I clearly haven't gotten to it... though I did at least pull out the TSS guide recently. Some of the lineart may be in the Japanese TSS guides. I know when I first got them I felt like I was seeing things I hadn't seen before, but that was probably just memory not being accurate. I do feel like I've seen the smiling Ghaleon lineart elsewhere though.
The Dragonmaster Alex one is definitely the same one as in the artbook, just cut off slightly on the right side. Hard to say whether this was intentional or not.
I'm still at a loss for that Ramus pic, though. I dug through some of my Japanese TSS guides and specials and one has a fair bit of lineart in it, but didn't include that one of Ramus, though it did have the Ghaleon head. There are a couple of Nall heads that don't seem to be in the I+II artbook, though. I'll have to check in the SSS artbook later.
An interesting discovery, though, is that one of these attack specials (magazine inserts that came out around the game's release) has screenshots with earlier versions of character portraits for Alex, Luna, Ramus, and maybe Nash and Nall. I'll have to scan it. Unfortunately, it's printed on cheap pulpy paper and is kind of small, so it may be hard to make out much. There was also a screenshot of what the stone circles (MP-restoring shrines) looked like as an actual destination, not just a feature on the overworld map. Wonder if the graphics are still in the game data... Anyway, I need to rescan some of the I+II artbook and I'll scan these booklets at the same time. Whenever that is.
Issue 033 Author Interview: Brittany Pladek and Notes from an Unpublished Interview | Luna Station Quarterly
Luna Station Quarterly is a speculative fiction magazine featuring stories by emerging women authors.
Mondays can be a bear, so why not start your week off with an interview with Issue 033 author Brittany Pladek as she tells us about her story Notes from an Unpublished Interview with Mme. Delave, Fairy?
LSQ: The sense of time and place is eloquently presented in your piece  youve managed to capture both the French Revolution and early 20th century Manhattan. Do you have a particular interest in either era? What was it about the French Revolution that prompted its inclusion in this piece (say, as compared to some other revolutions or social upheaval)?
Brittany: I study the era of the French Revolution, though as a literature scholar rather than a historian, and with a focus on England rather than France (so apologies to any actual historians who read the piece and find my inevitable errors). But Im fascinated by the post-French Revolutionary period and the early twentieth century because theyre both eras of profound disillusionment. Theyre times when people had to figure out how to continue working towards the good despite feeling like their hopes had been shattered. Those are instructive moments, I think.
LSQ: The interest of the fairy to massive social change (What courage, to attempt such a spell! Mme. says) I think says something very potent about societys ability to sometimes make huge changes. Can you speak to this? Is there perhaps something in the current state of events that echoes these thoughts?
Brittany: Yes. This is the bluntest allegory Ive ever written. Its 2018, I live in the United States, and Im too tired for subtlety: Im watching a country that was at least nominally a republic become an autocracy. I wrote this story to try and keep my own hopes up and to remind myself that losing faith in the possibility of change is a sure way to keep it from happening. Its so easy to lock yourself out of a world where revolution is possible.
LSQ: The narrative style of this piece (mostly newspaper interview) is somewhat unique. Did this story naturally lend itself to this format, or was it something that you carved out gradually between edits? Do you have any experience or background in journalism or digging through archives?
Brittany: I do spend a lot of time in the archives for my research. But I also love fiction that incorporates documentary artifacts, like Ursula K. Le Guins The Left Hand of Darkness and N. K. Jemisins Broken Earth trilogy, which use archival fragments as part of their world building, or Sofia Samatars short fiction, which is often crafted from different (imaginary) texts layered together. This piece was a deliberate formal experiment following those models. It takes some pretty big liberties with the interview formatfor example, I doubt any seasoned reporter would take such flowery notes.
LSQ: Fairies come off somewhat hedonistic in your story  also as tricksters and something more sinister. Can you comment on the state of fairies as portrayed in your view versus perhaps the Disney version of fairies that the general public may hold? How do you view the benevolent nature of the modern fairy versus the darker version of fairies in older fables?
Brittany: There are so many different fairy traditions! The one this story references is very specific, though. Its a tradition popular in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuriesthink Lord Dunsanys The King of Elflands Daughterthat uses Faerie to express nostalgia for a vanishing world (usually coded as more mystical, hierarchical, agrarian, and conservative). The fading of Faerie symbolized the loss of that world. As an emotion, I find that nostalgia very compelling, though I dont miss the world Faerie represented for people like Dunsany. But Im fascinated by how powerful nostalgia is, and how complicated, as a type of desire. This story was an attempt to turn Faerie nostalgia towards something different, and it got grim pretty quickly. Nostalgia usually presumes you cant get the thing youre pining for back. Mme. Delaves nostalgia for the days of revolutionary possibility means she believes theyre gone for good.
LSQ: What was the most difficult aspect about this story to write and why? What inspired this idea? Have you written about fairy lore before?
Brittany: The most challenging aspect of this story was deciding how much of the reporters personal life I wanted to include. In the end, she ended up being pretty marginal so I could focus on Mme. Delave. As for inspiration, Id just finished a novel by John Crowley, whose most famous book, Little, Big, is a revision of the fading of faerie myth.
Brittany: Im working on a few short stories and revising a post-apocalyptic novella about a city where every year, a group of debaters have to convince god not to destroy humanity.
LSQ is volunteer-run and we depend on your purchases and donations to pay our authors and keep the site running. To help support women writers, please consider pitching in!
The on-going mission of Luna Station Quarterly is to display the vast and varied talents of female speculative fiction writers. We believe that women have a unique and universal voice in fiction and we aim to get it heard.
We hope you enjoy the stories within. Please be sure to check out our authors profiles to learn where you can read more of their work.
If you have any thoughts youd like to share about the site, please feel free to use the contact form and let us know what you think!
LSQ is volunteer-run and we depend on your purchases and donations to pay our authors and keep the site running. Help support women writers and consider pitching in.
Why is it that we pack holiday weekends so darned full? Its the illusion of so much more time to do all those little projects with a three-day weekend! Am I the only one who does this? The week before I have all these great plans of everything I am going to get done, but then Saturday morning comes along and all I want to do is sleep in! Of course, thats not really possible any more with an 8 month old with a precise inner clock. Daylight? Playtime!!
This weekend has been busy so far. I went to a reunion breakfast with two of the three other mamas I was in swim class with. We had breakfast out, together, the day I went into labor. Now, 8 months later, we gathered again (sans one member  we missed you A!) Seeing all the babies together showed me once again just how fast its all going.
Archives Select Month April 2018 January 2018 October 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 January 2017 December 2016 October 2016 August 2016 July 2016 April 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 October 2015 September 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 September 2012 June 2012 May 2012 March 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006
The WJA was formed in response to an international outcry for a free and open forum where judges, lawyers, law professors and other professionals from around the world could work cooperatively to strengthen and expand the Rule of Law and its institutions through the nations of the world.
Millions and Hundreds of Millions of dollars are spent every year by the wealthy seeking a highly sought after
As moms we are always on the go and have to be ready for anything. So what if I told you I found the perfect swimsuit that doesnt look like a swimsuit, has a quick dry technology, you can run errands in without a cover up and you could even workout in? Would you believe me?
I recently received a Beach House Sport swimsuit and I absolutely loved it. As you all know we live in sunny Naples, FL. We have numerous public beaches, parks and playgrounds in the city. One of our favorite activities is going to Lowdermilk Park early in the morning for a play date, a walk on the beach and having a picnic!
Lowdermilk park is a playground, recreational area with public beach access. No matter the time we go to the park it always gets too hot & muggy, so the other day I decided to wear my Beach House Sport Swimsuit. The swimsuit was perfect for the park. The swimsuit top comes with a breath easy mesh tank for 2 looks in 1 for any women that wants to change up her style or for more coverage. It also has adjustable straps on the swim top and tank top. I felt that the tank was a perfect cover up so that I could still run errands in feeling comfortable. The shorts are stretch and provide lots of coverage. A bonus was the inside pocket in the shorts that could hold small items like, credit cards, money, keys, lipgloss etc.
The set Im wearing is Beach House Sport Amani Double time tank top-blurred flare, size 4 and Chandra Swim Shorts  beach solids size 4. On their website you will find different styles from bikinis to one pieces to more sport style swimsuits.
Not only do I love this style because of the comfort and material being lightweight & breathable but it is perfect for our early morning park dates and will be for the beach or pool or just to run errands in. The suit is also 50 SPF and as I mentioned before has a quick dry technology. If it wasnt for Red-tide, Emma and I would be swimming in the water!
If you want to check out their collection of swimwear, click here! to save 20% off at check out use discount code: ilda20.
Worldwide Tickets has steadily expanded our inventory and improved our technology to become one of the industry's premier resources for tickets and one of the most respected names in the business.
Mexico is one of the largest countries in America, it has a huge variety of locations, from deserts at the north to sandy white beaches at the south, Mexico offers a film friendly experience for your project.
Situated at the Yucatan Peninsula the Mexican Caribbean offers evergreen jungles, caves, underwater rivers, turquoise beachES and the most important of all the Maya culture which meets and creates a incomparable fusion with the modern Mexico.
Film, photo and video productions will find in Mexico a wide range of locations. Modernity embrace ancient and colonials buildings, were mexican colors and textures create beautiful pictures which enrich your project . Mixing your vision with our locations, you will find a production value that will exceed your expectations.
Film, photo and video productions will find in Yucatan a state full of colors, textures and experiences. Yucatan is particularity film friendly offering us the best quality services and locations, from caves to a sea of pink flamingos on the coast.
Chiapas is one of the biggest states in Mexico, it has it all: rain forest, mountains, ocean, jungle, river, waterfalls, blue cristal clear lakes and a rich culture full of colors and textures. Chiapas is a Film Friendly state, here you will find all kind of production services for your projects.
Campeche, a Mexican state on the Yucatn Peninsula, it has terrain spanning limestone hills, rainforests and Gulf of Mexico beaches. The place has a colonial-era harbor city with baroque Spanish architecture, cobblestone streets and a walled historic district. A very nice place to have your film production service.
The Baja California Peninsula is one of the most beautifull states in Mexico, the combination of desert and blue water gives this state the potencial for filmig all year long with more of that golden light we all like!
This city host unique landscapes with a exotic combination of jungle, rivers and turquoise water, Puerto Vallarta is located at the mexican pacific coastline and has been one of the favorite film locations along time.
Located at the southwestern of Mexico Oaxaca hold a stong cultural heritage for the entire country, as filmimg location provides a wide range of textures and landscape.
Time stops but life continuesthis is Cuba one of the most beautiful and iconic island in the caribbean full of texture culture and art. Cuba has open their door to the world, give it a try!!
We offer a wide selection of services which gather together a professional group of people capable to adapt to any project.
Production, Direction, Director of Photography, Assistant camera, Gaffers, Grip and electric Staff, art department, Make Up and Wardrobe.
For Kanan Films the most valuable resource its our crew, thanks to all of you for the hard work, lets keep having fun!!!!
These leggings feature Destei's original cartoon illustration of a cute Westie / West Highland White Terrier breed dog. There are also some paw prints placed around the dog. The background color is black.
The link to this product is an affliate marketing link. Destei may receive referral commission and/or designer royalty through click throughs.
This item is available through my Zazzle store. See full product description and purchase options on their site. Learn more?
Products on Destei Dogs are manufactured and distributed by third party print on demand companies. While Destei creates the design for the product, these print on demand companies handle the production, payment, shipping and returns of each order. This allows for me to purely focus on designing my dog artwork while being able to offer a large range of quality products for you. Show less?
I do have a VERY POOR GERMAN VOCABULARY! And it gave me an endless laugh for getting this book that I dont think I would need all my life, not even if I make a career change in the near future.
Toyota is the most successful brand in the 2014 TV Report for the fourth consecutive year. In the latest edition of the report released today by Germanys leading technical inspection agency - TV, no less than 15 Toyota models were taking Top 10 positions and the Prius the number one spot in two categories for vehicles aged four to five years and six to seven years.
The Toyota Prius showed the lowest defect rate of the category of four-to five-year old vehicles and this year in the category of six-to seven-year old vehicles. The excellent performance of the Prius again underlines the high reliability of Toyota vehicles and of its hybrid drivetrain. Toyota vehicles age particularly well with Toyota dominating the categories for vehicles older than five years.
Toyota has already been leading previous years reports from TV. This renewed excellent performance provides further evidence of the high reliability and long-term durability of Toyota vehicles.
First published four decades ago, the annual report by the TV has become a helpful guide to customers by showing long-term reliability and overall quality of vehicles available on the market today.
The majority of all mandatory technical inspections in Germany are carried out through the various bodies of the TV organisation. The 2014 TV Report is based on some 8 million vehicles inspected by the TV between July 2012 and June 2013.
We use cookies on our website to provide you with a better service. If you are happy with this continue to use the website as normal. Find out more about how we use cookies.
Uganda is saturated in colour, the outstanding natural beauty of its people and its landscapes have always stirred inspiration in travellers and residents.
Chimpanzees are omnivores, and consume a wide variety of foods including fruits, nuts, seeds, and insects. They will occasionally hunt for meat.
low to floor queen bed frame bedroom pretty size platform with mattress, low to floor queen bed frame house full or toddler cabin,low to floor queen bed frame platform combine with storage drawer underneath,low to floor queen bed frame platform quick woodworking projects furn ,discount queen platform beds bed build cheap low to floor frame ,low to floor queen bed frame platform and headboard set ,low to floor queen bed frame girls see through pretty princess white canopy, queen size beds for sale and bed frames sturdy frame low to floor,bedroom tall platform bed floor modern queen full size low to frame , low to floor queen bed frame outstanding dutch platform the best bedroom.
The Daily Telegraph reported on the laudable changes to the law that attempt to prevent paedophiles travelling overseas to rape and abuse children. Good story. But its not sex tourism. Its rape and abuse tourism.
Children cannot have sex. Sex requires consent, children cannot legally or morally give consent so it is not sex. Rape, sexual abuse and sex are not the same thing and they can not be used interchangeably in headlines.
The victim impact statements from child abuse trials are harrowing, a testament to the lifelong injuries suffered by people who were sexually abused as children. They are the litany of drug addition, alcohol dependence, gambling problems, depression, crippling anxiety, relationship breakdowns, suicidal thoughts, shame, self-hatred, mistrust of others and long term emotional damage so common in survivors of child sexual abuse. Children who have been abused are also significantly more likely to suffer further abuse, both as children and as adults.
The effects of sexual abuse of children then lead to the cycle of horror where victims become unreliable witnesses to their own abuse.
When the media, as it so persistently does, labels sexual abuse of children as child sex, we are weakening the public understanding of the extent and effect of such abuse. This has serious effects. A study conducted for the Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse found that juries who have a better understanding of the facts of child sexual abuse are less likely to make mistakes in their assessment of evidence given in court.
Children cannot have sex with adults. Sex requires consent and children, by definition, cannot give consent, so its not sex. Its rape, its child abuse, its sexual abuse, its any number of terms that accurately describe a crime. An act perpetrated on an innocent victim, someone who was unable to defend themselves from the violence done to them, and who suffers for years, possibly decades, from the trauma caused by an adults choice to commit that violence.
That word choice is the key. Sex is a choice made by every person involved. Rape and abuse are a choice made only by the perpetrator. The victim has no choice.
No child has ever chosen to be abused. No child has ever done anything that caused or incited abuse. No child has ever wanted to be abused. No child has ever willingly participated in their abuse. No child has ever been in any way responsible for abuses committed against them by adults.
Despite this, many abused children believe they are willing participants. It is tragically common for abusers to manipulate vulnerable children into thinking the abuse is something that makes them special. Because they are children, they dont understand that it is abuse and they dont know what their abuser is doing is wrong. They only know that it was a secret, that they were the special ones for that moment because they were manipulated by their abuser.
That belief can become so central to the abuse that it can stay with the victims well into adulthood.
This is the tragedy of abuse, that so many victims do feel responsible for what was done to them. The shame that belongs only to the abuser is taken on by the abused child and incorporated into their lifelong view of themselves and their worth as a person.
When we name abuse as sex, we imply victims had a choice. We tell them the violence someone else chose to do to them when they were a child is the same as sex they can choose to have as an adult.
Raping children is a horrific concept, we should feel a natural revulsion at the very idea. But we cant protect vulnerable children or deter predators by diminishing the reality of sexual abuse. And we further damage survivors with the implication that the crimes committed against them are something less than a horrific and violent crime.
There are far, far too many of those victims. You could fill the MCG eight times over with the number of children living in Australia, right now, who have been or will be sexually abused. You could empty out Brisbane and entirely refill it with adults who have suffered sexual violence in their lifetime. All these people see headlines.
Sexual abuse is not sex. Children cannot have sex with adults. Stop calling it what it isnt and start calling it what it is.
FixedIt is an ongoing project to push back against the medias constant erasure of violent men and blaming of innocent victims. If you would like to help fund it  even $5 a month makes a big difference  please consider becoming a Patron
Archives Select Month November 2018 (5) October 2018 (1) September 2018 (11) August 2018 (6) June 2018 (6) May 2018 (9) April 2018 (13) March 2018 (2) February 2018 (5) January 2018 (3) December 2017 (15) November 2017 (2) October 2017 (12) September 2017 (14) May 2017 (3) April 2017 (3) March 2017 (4) February 2017 (2) January 2017 (22) December 2016 (3) November 2016 (12) October 2016 (5) September 2016 (8) August 2016 (3) July 2016 (1) June 2016 (1) April 2016 (11) March 2016 (9) February 2016 (6) January 2016 (11) December 2015 (3) November 2015 (6) October 2015 (6) September 2015 (2) August 2015 (2) May 2015 (7) April 2015 (5) March 2015 (15) February 2015 (24) January 2015 (16) November 2014 (18)
Assist you in reading text by adding Pinyin or Zhuyin above words and pop-up annotations with English definition of the word.
Jennifer Hudson and Kelly Clarkson are returning as coaches for Season 15 of The Voice in the fall, alongside Adam Levine and Blake Shelton.
Clarkson is currently a coach on the singing competition series. Hudson coached contestants in Season 13 and also appeared in two seasons of the British version of The Voice.
"We are so excited to welcome back Kelly and Jennifer, two dynamic forces who bring undeniable soul, passion and inspiration as coaches," Paul Telegdy, president of NBC Entertainment's alternative and reality group, said in a statement Thursday. "They each have a unique understanding of what it's like to be in the artists' shoes. Bringing these two voices together with Blake and Adam for Season 15 is sure to make this one of our best seasons yet!"
"Girls against the boys, y'all," Clarkson said in the clip. "Team J. Hud. Team KC. We're coming after you, Adam and Blake. We're friends, but we're future frenemies."
Hey everybody. You know all that anxiety thats been building up? Well, just let it go and relax now, because the Fourth of July is here. The Great American Holiday. The one with the noise and the colors and the hot. Now, it is summer. Thats what the Fourth is. Not just the day we celebrate the anniversary of the birth of the best country in the history of the world but also the heart of the season of light.
No matter what the astronomers tell us, its not the solstice that signifies the beginning of our season of mayhem. Not in America. Its 7/4, 13 days later, when kids run amuck while parents drink beer out of cans and fall off of patio furniture. When families squeeze into minivans and travel long distances to get into fights over the logistics of eating fries at Mickey Ds and burgers at the King.
Its when the senses are heightened. The smell of cut grass, the grip of a pair of sneakers, the sound of children playing volleyball on the beach, the tickle of butter from a roasted cob of corn dripping all the way down your arm to the elbow. The thunk of a Frisbee on the back of the head. The piercing cry of a loved one as they discover sand in the bed.
Its a holiday that transcends normal political persuasions; a frozen moment in time when white wine sipping, NPR listening, Prius driving, Birkenstock wearing hippies stand shoulder to shoulder with country western listening, pickup truck driving, cowboy boot wearing, Coors Lite chugging rednecks, both groups clutching tiny American flags in a small town square watching a parade of bicycles with red, white and blue bunting woven through the spokes.
Its beauty queens waving from the back seats of convertibles. And kids swinging on a tire tied to a tree over the bank of a pond. Slip and slides. Burnt marshmallows. Not getting dark until nine. Its people deciding that any piece of clothing they can squeeze into, fits.
Its the loudest holiday as well with marching bands and fireworks and the sizzle of burger fat dripping on the coals. The tinny mantra of a baseball game on an AM radio, wafting down from a porch. Motorcycles revving down the highway in packs. Politicians barking new promises through old bullhorns.
Have yourself one heck of a terrific summer and make it last. Swim and swing and swoon. Take long walks on unfamiliar paths. Buy a new chaise lounge. Watch, or better yet, play a game of slow pitch softball. Char some flesh, either animal or your own or both.
Make sure you find time for a little bit of fun because it wont be long before were back at each others throats. You know, like Thursday the 5th. The same day the back-to-school sales start and all the sports channels start promoting football.
And have a happy birthday America, you great- looking country, you. May be going through a tough patch here. But you know what they say; tough times never last, but tough countries do. And you probably hear this a lot but you still look pretty good considering youre 242 years old. Could use a little work around the eyes. Then again, couldnt we all.
I have previously taught in the U.S. under another Exchange Visitor Program sponsor. Can I still apply to ITES?
First, begin by reviewing the basic eligibility requirements of our program. If you meet these requirements then, download, complete and return your application form to us. If you have already been offered a position with a school then please make sure the school also contacts us so we can discuss the process with them.
2. I have previously taught in the U.S. under another Exchange Visitor Program sponsor. Can I still apply to ITES?
Yes, provided certain considerations are met. Please contact us with the details of your previous exchange experience and we will advise you of the process.
ITES does not charge teachers a sponsorship fee to participate in our program. However there are some direct costs associated with the visa application process that you will be responsible for. Also, depending on the specific details of your individual program participation, there may be other costs involved. Please review the General Summary of Fees for more information.
School year dates vary depending on the state and school district in which you are working. Generally, positions begin in August or early September and continue until late May or early June.
Curriculum varies according to the standards established in each state. Details about each state's curriculum can generally be found by visiting the website of the Department of Education in the state where you will work.
Yes. Family members eligible for J-2 Dependent Visa sponsorship include a legal spouse and dependent children under the age of 21. We strongly recommend that your family join you after you have settled comfortably into your new environment.
Yes. If your spouse is planning to seek employment in the U.S. they must submit a work authorization application to the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS)
The J-1 Exchange Visitor Program generally allows for teachers to teach in the U.S. for up to three years. Teachers and schools typically renew contracts with mutual consent before the end of each academic school year. Effective 2016, teachers in their third year of year participation are now eligible to apply for a one or two year program extension. This would allow for a maximum of five years participation. Upon program completion all teachers are expected to return to their home country to share their experiences of their time in the U.S. and must reside outside of the U.S. for a period of two years before they can return under another J Visa.
My name is Activello and I am an awesome WordPress blog theme for photography, food, travel and other blogs. I was created by colorlib.
Sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos, but don't worry, you can download it and watch it with your favorite video player!
ccbill.com is the designated processor for Hotkinkyjo.xxx. If you have any questions or need help signing up please contact us.
Basics in Minerals Processing - 3:9. Final crushing stage  more than just crushing . 3:16. Technical data: Impact crusher  NP series . 3:19. Technical data: Cone crushers  HP 3, 4 and 5 series .. There is a large benefit to flotation and separation if there is a steep size distribution of the feed to these processes. .. hydraulic hammer for oversize.advantages of cone crusher over impact hammer crusher,Design of A Horizontal Shaft Impact Crusher - IJAIEMCrushers are mainly of three categories i.e. Cone crusher, Jaw crusher and Impact crusher. . and take full benefit of the volume and also do their inspection. Impact . sides to agree crushed material to discharge through them. . Keywords: Impact Crusher, Reducing Weight, Hammers/Blow Bars, Impact Loading. 1.
Kubria Cone Crushers - KH MineralCustomers all over the world benefit from our innovative power. In standard . Advance Technology in Modern Hard Rock Crushing. Advantages: . Kubria cone crusher. (1,100 mm cone ... Impact jaw crushers . Hammer mills. Roll mills.advantages of cone crusher over impact hammer crusher,Modeling and Optimization of a Vertical Shaft Impactor for .Vertical Shaft Impact crushers have been used for a long time to reduce the size of . based on measurements from a Barmac 5100SE VSI crusher taken from a mobile ... Cone crushers are in essence just two cones, a larger one, called the concave, . Hammers are fixed onto the outer edge of a spinning rotor.
C Series jaw crushers offer multiple benefits that save space, time and money .. ing on the jaw profile that is being used and has an impact on the crusher's capacity and product .. boom and hammer can be operated from a location.
Hammer crusher . Impact plates: 3-D Carb . Gyratory crusher . Cone crusher . Welding Alloys has developed a unique knowledge of crusher equipment and has designed . or as part of a maintenance programme on . The complete solution WA is able to provide, allows our customer to benefit from the most innovative.
The elliptical jaw motion assists in pushing rocks through the crushing chamber. . Impact crushers consist of a high speed rotating impeller or hammer, which . The disadvantages however, are the start/stop nature of the feed during the.
use a roller mill rather than a hammer- mill, ball mill, cone mills or some other attrition grinding . action of the roll surface on the prod- uct. . Without high speed impact, dust gen- eration is . Advantages, limitations and how roller mill grinders are changing for the better. Figure 1 . its crudest form, with 'crushers' haphaz-.
NP Series impact crushers are built on the success of our 50 years . advantage of eliminating gaps between the rotor and the hammers. This reduces.
hardness has a considerably larger impact on the fragmentation energy by hydraulic hammer than on the crushing energy in jaw crusher. Saetak . by hydraulic hammers. They have been frequently applied due to their numerous advantages.
Drum, Impact Crusher, Squirrel Cage Mill.) . An exception to this are the jaw crushers, which are alternate motion machines. .. The hammer rotor is formed by several disks mounted on the shaft and which support the hammers. .. An important advantage of Comspain's design for this lump crusher is the possibility to.
Customers all over the world benefit from our . which the specific advantage of . Working principle of the single-toggle jaw crusher with the toggle system. 4.
er ratings are based on normal operation with feeder mounted in horizontal position. F ... To obtain an analysis of the product from Cone Crusher or Impact .. diameter of the rotor including the hammers. ... are additional benefits.
Cone crushers are used in the mineral, mining, and aggregate industry for fragmentation and production . Speed Regulation on Cone Crushers, Proceedings of XXIV International Mineral .. The advantage, and challenge, of this arrangement was to design . Many variables impact plant operation: natural .. hammers th.
As stone passes through a crusher, the reduction in size . hammer mill apply high-speed impact force to . Jaw crushers operate by allowing stone to flow into.
jaw crushers based on fracture toughness has been proposed in this study. A new .. (6 lb) hammers that are used to strike the particle simultaneously. . The impact crushability test is functional and its greatest advantage is that it can be.
impact velocities through an extra acceleration of the hammer. With counterblow . There are many types of crushers; e.g. cone crushers, roller crushers, impact crushers and .. The advantages of these solutions are: A passive, permanent.
Changing the throughput of the gyratory and cone crusher was investigated using ... of advantages and disadvantages that the EDXF and the WDXF have over each ... Impact is the main mechanism for a hydraulic hammer, whereas in a jaw.
1968 - Irish Cruising ClubRaymond Fielding delwered his new boat, Glgha, from Plymouth to Crosshaven and .. At this point relief comes, as with a clanking of machinery a second.ramond crusing machinrey,(Kings Hill, North Raymond Terrace) 2010 - NSW LegislationDec 10, 2010 . (a) to rezone certain land at Kings Hill, North Raymond Terrace to .. machinery or other goods (that support the operations of an existing undertaking) .. such as recycling, washing, crushing, sawing or separating, but does.
operator compartment, crushing the operator between the rack and the lift truck. Hundreds of . Raymond 31i-DR30TT - Stand Up, End Control, equipped ... Safety of Machinery - Basic Concepts, General Principles for Design Part. 1: Basic.
All the cruising sailors who have a desire to sail far and wide. May this .. Chaguaramas is THE harbor in Trinidad for cruising boats. .. Raymond Marine. I-8.
Sep 23, 2014 . United Shoe Machinery Band in Raymond, New Hampshire, undated .. 561, The Ledge, looking south showing Crushing Plant, 1907.
Raymond F. Kohn. 188 .. District is a beautiful piece of social machinery, but it is coughing along .. they will only add to the crushing burdens of supporting.
Q: This is a Foreign Affairs Oral History Program interview with Raymond E. Benson. .. given to USIA, and some of their machinery or some of their tools or whatever .. would be some relationships between this person and people cruising.
Professor Raymond Moley, of Columbia University, an old friend who has been .. with through the existing machinery of the diplomatic service, supple- mented.
Thomas Weise, Michael Zapf, Raymond Chiong, and Antonio J. Nebro. Abstract .. aircraft cruising at 35,000 ft and at a Mach number M = 0.8 (that is 80% of the speed of sound ... Association for Computing Machinery, New York (1995). 108.
. the other side) Raymond D. Greaser, MD ... I understand and agree not to drive or operate machinery until such time that I know my controlled-substance.
Cruising is a vacation alternative with broad appeal, as it offers a wide range of products and ... We maintain marine insurance on the hull and machinery of our ships, which are .. Attn: Corporate Trust Services, Raymond S. Haverstock.
Nov 29, 2016 . Guyot (Raymond), La premiere entente cordiale, Paris,1926. Gwynn and Tuckwell ... of their manufactures than upon plunder and cruiSing . 3.
the Raymond Greenhouse is both economically and environmentally viable. Additionally, it .. owns the machinery to transform the biomass into woodchips. If not, the ... stabilized through pelletizing, crushing and self-hardening. This former.
Herman Marmon of East Hanover knows very well that scammers try to take advantage of unsuspecting people, especially seniors.
So when Marmon, 77, became the target of a scam, he chose not to ignore it. He decided to see how far he could con the con-artists.
Last month, he received and email from someone claiming to represent Budweiser. The writer, Davidson Boone, said he wanted to wrap Marmons car in advertisements, and in return Marmon would get financial compensation.
A short time later, he received a nearly identical pitch from someone claiming to represent Samsung.
Boone: Do you have an existing checking account where you will deposit your check for letting our company use your car?
Note you will receive a check/Money Order, which will cover your weekly up front payment of ($350) for carrying the advert on your car/truck and an additional sum which will be forwarded to the decal installer/expert who will be responsible for the advert placing on your car, Boone said in the email.
They did not have any idea what my car looked like, Marmon said. Never asked. Could have been a scooter or 18-Wheeler.
This has a very bad odor. No question about type of car. Very strange. Please explain, Marmon wrote, and his offered his address to receive the payment.
Boone didnt answer the question, but sent instructions with a FedEx tracking number for the check. Marmon should deposit the check and email Boone a copy of the deposit slip, Boone said.
Once the funds is made available, you are required to hold on to your $350 weekly compensation for the service you are rendering (Flying Budweiser Logo), Boone wrote. Payment for subsequent weeks will be mailed out to you weekly. Kindly get back to us immediately [when] your payment is received, do check your email for further instruction to avoid any form of delay.
Marmon tracked the package, but it never arrived, even though the tracking information said there was a delivery attempt. Marmon never received a door-tag from FedEx, which he said he always gets if a delivery attempt is unsuccessful.
He went to his local FedEx branch. The rep looked for the package and said it was returned to the shipper.
I said, Whoa, please read the tracking information,' he said. She left and returned a lot slower this time. Said the package had been returned to FedEx Security.
FedEx refused to deliver your package and it is being handled by FedEx Security. It is being returned to sender, he wrote. Hope for your sake that there are not any law enforcement people showing up with the .5 lb box.
Boone responded, this time with a tracking number for a USPS package that contained a $1,950 check, and he apologized for the delay.
Boone asked if the check had been deposited, and Marmon lied and said yes. Boone asked when the funds would be available and for the balance of Marmons account.
Boone: Go to any Walmart around you and tell them you want to buy greendot moneypak. Do you have any Walmart around you?
Marmon: Davidson, this has been a real pain. Western Union wanted to know why and where I was sending the 1650.00. They told me it was a SCAM and I should keep ALL the money you sent me. So I am going to keep it all. Thank you for the money. Herman P.S. The bank said there was no account with number on the check.
Marmon: She did. I kept a copy of deposited check and when I got home I called the Chemung Canal Trust Company in Elmira, NY and asked them if account 235512753 had been issued and OFFICIAL CHECK # 100075481 on 9/17/2014. I was told No! DONT TRY TO CASH IT. THIS IS A SCAM!! What say you now, Mr. Davidson Boone?
Marmon said he played along to cost the scammers as much time and money as he could, plus to possibly build a case for law enforcement.
I called Bamboozled wanting to warn as many people as possible to remember, If something seems too good to be true, it probably, and most likely, is, Marmon said.
We need to implement certain selected keywords in our website optimization process in order to get targeted web site traffic. Lets consider we have already discovered those keywords and now we want to use them for optimizing our site. We needs to see what changes should be applied to the site where such traffic is supposed to arrive.
The page we choose to receive the visitors is our landing page. It should be optimized for search engines so that it receives the type of targeted traffic we are looking for. In addition to the fact that it is vitally important to have a search engine friendly site as a whole, such a landing page should be double checked for such compliance with the major search engines.
Also the site shouldnt have been using any illegitimate methods or violating the best practices of search engine optimization so that landing page improvement could lead us to obtain what we intend to achieve.
Now, at this stage of website optimization, we should enhance the landing page by using the keyphrase selected during the initial keyword research explained at the previous article (1 of 3). Then, such keyphrase should be used at the title tag, alt tag, meta description and meta keywords, and headings 1, 2 and 3 of the page. Of course, if the keyphrase is used in the internal linking structure of the site, it could be very helpful for our purpose as well.
Well, most importantly, the page textual content should contain this phrase in a moderate manner in particular spots like the beginning of the page, the end of the page as well as the middle of the content. We shouldnt stuff the page with repetitive phrases. One way to avoid this is to use synonyms or other parts of speech if possible.
To get targeted web site traffic, you need to know how to write your copy that both attracts human beings and search engines (website optimization). Peoples should not feel that its a meaningless repetitive accumulation of sentences that doesnt talk to their hearts. Engines shouldnt sense that it is a bunch of sentences stuffed with the same phrase trying to spam them or it the keyphrase lacks enough weight.
Therefore, delicate professional skill is required to write such copies. That is why a new guild of writers has emerged since the Internet and search engine rules have come to existence. These are the people who are specialized to get targeted website traffic to your pages using the keywords you supply to them. Of course, their work will be completed by other measures earlier explained at this article. Without optimizing the page source code, it will not be very likely to attract the same type of visitors you want to see at your site.
Well, the answer is negative. Search engine optimization performs two series of methods to help a site get targeted web site traffic. They are called website optimization process or on-page SEO. There is a more important series of methods that are done outside your site, which are called off-page SEO.
Many SEO experts are working specifically to help their clients by increasing their link popularity, which is achieved through various methods like article marketing, press release marketing, etc. But, without an initial website optimization, off-page SEO cannot deliver its best results.
Site Booster helps you get targeted web site traffic through its website optimization services. Learn more at: http://www.site-booster.com.
Facebook has taken the wraps off Facebook Places, its location-based service for mobile phones. It follows the principle popularised by Foursquare of checking in to locations, and is accessible via the Facebook HTML5 mobile site (touch.facebook.com) or via the Facebook iPhone app.
The long and illustrious history of moving pictures all started with the zoetrope. Then there was the thaumatrope, the flip book, and my personal favorite, the phenakistoscope. And now we have (drumroll please): The Internet.
People have been excited about moving pictures for ages. But achieving a passable animation has never been as easy or required as little talent as it does today.
Previously, we made some suggestions for sites where you can get your webcomic on. This week, were bringing you five excellent ways to tackle animation, the next step in your pseudo-artistic journey.
For animators who would rather put in a little time rather than settle for a mediocre movie, GoAnimate is the way to go. The site offers enough customization to fully express creative genius, but its easy enough to master without any actual animation or technical skills.
For almost every component, the website offers a choice between complete customization and a library of already configured objects. Users can either choose a character or make a completely customized one; they can choose a soundtrack or upload one; they can have the computer speak the dialogue or record it themselves. All of these components are laid out visually on an easy-to-navigate timeline.
Theres also an interesting community feature similar to many social media sites. Users can collect followers, earn badges and send messages to one another. Personal dashboards track how many people view your animation, which is way more fun than feeling like youre sending your brilliant clip into cyber thin air.
Devolver streamlines the animation process into a quick, six-step multiple choice project. Choose your background, characters and one of four plots; type in some dialog; choose some music; and  voila!  you have an animated movie. Despite the extremely limited customization options, its actually not a bad looking cartoon.
Its quick to e-mail your animation to a friend, but they will need to visit the Devolver site in order to watch the movie and theres no option to download. This aspect, paired with the fact that the dialog is really the only thing you can customize, makes this site more like a more exciting way to send an e-mail message than an actual animation; much like a customized e-card. Still, there are a bunch of situations that could warrant this of animation  an inside joke, a prom date request a marriage proposal.
Instead of assigning actions to characters via a drop-down menu, Animasher users just hit a record button. Any movement that they create by dragging and dropping the images will be played back. Animators can compile multiple scenes of these moving images to complete a story.
Its a pretty painless way to make a movie, but there are some drawbacks. The images move but arent actually animated, so its difficult to accomplish changing expressions. As a result, the animation comes out looking more like a puppet show than a movie.
Some tools that make the site more interesting are the ability to add your own images, record dialog with a microphone and add video clips. If you like the scrapbook-like look and process, there arent any better, free options out there without downloading or having actual software knowledge.
As far as visual quality goes, this site is impressive (which is probably the cause of the slow preview load times). The workspace is a little different than the other animation sites mentioned in this article. All character movement, sound bytes, expressions and gestures are added directly into the script where you type the dialog.
Unfortunately, the sites options for free use are limited. Sarah Palin is one of two default characters in the Starz theme, for instance, but any other choices require cash commitment before youre able to publish your animation. The same is true for premium objects, like different backgrounds that youre able to preview but not publish, unless you pay. As evidenced by the sites YouTube channel, there are definitely opportunities to makes some pretty cool movies, but the free version seems limited.
You cant create much of a story with Voki, but you can create an animated speaking avatar. The site is extremely easy to use. Just choose a character base (choices range from Uncle Sam to classic normal-looking people), adjust the background and colors, and add a voice. To put words in your avatars mouth, you can either call a number and leave a message, type out a greeting and let the computer generate a voice with the accent of your choice, or record a message with your computers microphone. When youre finished, you can embed the code in your website or e-mail your message to a friend.
Remember those choose your-own-adventure novels? This animation site applies the same concept to short cartoons. The site partners with Teletoon, a Canadian animation channel, to give children a starter in animation.
The site challenges you to use its animation tool to finish the stories, which chronicle the adventures of siblings Eva and Edgar. The best finished stories are then recorded by voice actors and turned into TV spots.
Which site was your favorite? What animation sites do you use? What features would you love to see in sites like these? Let us know in the comments!
Im getting a little lint left behind which is noticeable when cleaning/drying windows/mirrors/glossy areas.
The Showroom Detailed something and want to show it off? Do it here... This is the place for you to show the world....
Not too many of fabric roofs, so here's one that greeted me this morning following heavy overnight rain - roof not been treated for over 6 months and it's had a few washes in that time for dirt / pollen / bird bomb removal
This is how much God loved the world: He gave his Son, his one and only Son. And this is why: so that no one need be destroyed; by believing in him, anyone can have a whole and lasting life." - John 3:16
The bedroom is very small. Theres barely enough space in here for the basic furniture pieces and the bed takes up most of the floor space. Even so, it doesnt really feel that tiny. Thats partially because the room has a high ceiling which is emphasized by the long curtains.
The living room is also a dining room and its very large and airy. It has white walls and oak parquet flooring. The living room is also connected to the balcony that can be used as an extra room during warm months. The bedroom has large windows overlooking the courtyard and its spacious enough to accommodate a double bed and an office, reading corner or workspace. Overall, this is a vintage-modern apartment, very cozy and inviting.
Turn your room into a pretty post-war pad. Create a romantic vintage look by mixing fabulous furniture finds. Echo an antique rose-upholstered chair with country floral bed linen and continue the period character with exquisite pieces, such as a quilt and vintage mannequin stand. Finish with a display of pretty...
In the dining room, I married the traditional and modern with a new barn-board table and several white swivel chairs. In addition to a ceiling full of recessed lights, I also put up a conventional chandelier with a contemporary twist that helps define the dining room....
This apartment has a very stylish interior design, featuring high ceilings and a very bright look. In order to make it even cozier than it already is, theres a beautiful fireplace in the living room. The windows are large and this allows plenty of natural light to get in, thus...
The smooth and pleasing curves, so characteristic for the caravans silhouette, together with the iconic round openings define the vintage twist of the otherwise futuristic and contemporary appearance of the Air Kitchens design. Slender stainless steel legs or a matching base for the cabinets that gives them the appearance of...
While contrasting grout can create beautiful effects, in a modern bathroom I usually aim to use large-format tiles with minimal grout in a color matched to the tile as closely as possible to create a virtually seamless appearance, as if the walls and floors were continuous slabs of stone....
Another color design approach is the usage of natural and earthly color shades in a contemporary setting. The inspiration from nature represented by the highly attractive veneers  one in white glazed oak and other in Brazil glazed oak, take a central stage of the design, giving a unique note...
The bedroom is a great place to display some favorite keepsakes or memorabilia that may be too personal to display in other parts of your home, like your wedding invitation or pressed flowers from your first prom or a baseball your dad caught at your first professional game. Surrounding yourself...
{note} We attempt to document every possible breaking change. Since some of these breaking changes are in obscure parts of the framework only a portion of these changes may actually affect your application.
Update your laravel/framework dependency to 5.4.* in your composer.json file. In addition, you should update your phpunit/phpunit dependency to ~5.7.
If it exists, you may delete the bootstrap/cache/compiled.php file. It is no longer used by the framework.
After upgrading all packages, you should run php artisan view:clear to avoid Blade errors related to the removal of Illuminate\View\Factory::getFirstLoop(). In addition, you may need to run php artisan route:clear to flush the route cache.
Laravel Passport 2.0.0 has been released to provide compatibility with Laravel 5.4 and the Axios JavaScript library. If you are upgrading from Laravel 5.3 and using the pre-built Passport Vue components, you should make sure the Axios library is globally available to your application as axios.
In order to continue using the tinker Artisan command, you should also install the laravel/tinker package:
Previous, when calling the Gate::getPolicyFor($class) method, an exception was thrown if no policy could be found. Now, the method will return null if no policy is found for the given class. If you call this method directly, make sure you refactor your code to check for null:
If you would like to render unescaped content in a section, you must declare the section using the traditional "long form" style:
When defining channel name placeholders in Laravel 5.3, the * character is used. In Laravel 5.4, you should define these placeholders using {foo} style placeholders, like routes:
The behavior of the every method has been moved to the nth method to match the method name defined by Lodash.
In previous Laravel releases, you could pass an array as the first parameter to the bind or instance methods to register an alias:
However, this behavior has been removed in Laravel 5.4. To register an alias, you should now use the alias method:
Binding classes into the container with leading slashes is no longer supported. This feature required a significant amount of string formatting calls to be made within the container. Instead, simply register your bindings without a leading slash:
The container's make method no longer accepts a second array of parameters. This feature typically indicates a code smell. Typically, you can always construct the object in another way that is more intuitive.
The container's resolving and afterResolving method now must be provided a class name or binding key as the first argument to the method:
The share method has been removed from the container. This was a legacy method that has not been documented in several years. If you are using this method, you should begin using the singleton method instead:
If you were previously binding a service container binding for a db.connection.{driver-name} key in order to resolve a custom database connection instance, you should now use the Illuminate\Database\Connection::resolverFor method in the register method of your AppServiceProvider:
Laravel no longer includes the ability to customize the PDO "fetch mode" from your configuration files. Instead, PDO::FETCH_OBJ is always used. If you would still like to customize the fetch mode for your application you may listen for the new Illuminate\Database\Events\StatementPrepared event:
The date cast now converts the column to a Carbon object and calls the startOfDay method on the object. If you would like to preserve the time portion of the date, you should use the datetime cast.
Just like previous Laravel releases, this relationship will typically use user_id as the foreign key. However, the behavior could be different from previous releases if you are overriding the getKeyName method of the User model. For example:
When this is the case, Laravel will now respect your customization and determine the foreign key column name is user_key instead of user_id.
Related models will now use the same connection as the parent model. For example, if you execute a query like:
Eloquent will query the posts table on the example connection instead of the default database connection. If you want to read the posts relationship from the default connection, you should to explicitly set the model's connection to your application's default connection.
The query builder chunk method now requires an orderBy clause, which provides consistency with the each method. An exception will be thrown if an orderBy clause is not supplied. For example:
The Model::create & Model::forceCreate methods have been moved to the Illuminate\Database\Eloquent\Builder class in order to provide better support for creating models on multiple connections. However, if you are extending these methods in your own models, you will need to modify your implementation to call the create method on the builder. For example:
If you are currently passing a custom connection name to this method, you should now use the on method:
The Model::hydrateRaw method has been renamed to fromQuery. If you are passing a custom connection name to this method, you should now use the on method:
Calling factory(User::class, 1)->make() or factory(User::class, 1)->create() will now return a collection with one item. Previously, this would return a single model. This method will only return a single model if the amount is not supplied.
If you are manually implementing the Illuminate\Contracts\Events\Dispatcher interface in your application or package, you should rename the fire method to dispatch.
Support for event handler "priorities" has been removed. This undocumented feature typically indicates an abuse of the event feature. Instead, consider using a series of synchronous method calls. Alternatively, you may dispatch a new event from within the handler of another event in order to ensure that a given event's handler fires after an unrelated handler.
Wildcard event handlers now receive the event name as their first argument and the array of event data as their second argument. The Event::firing method has been removed:
The locale.changed event is now an object based event using the Illuminate\Foundation\Events\LocaleUpdated class.
The illuminate.log event is now an object based event using the Illuminate\Log\Events\MessageLogged class.
In order to provide support for Laravel 5.4's new Markdown mail components, you should add the following block of configuration to the bottom of your mail configuration file:
The middleware method of the Illuminate\Routing\Router class has been renamed to aliasMiddleware(). It is likely that most applications never call this method manually, as it is typically only called by the HTTP kernel to register route-level middleware defined in the $routeMiddleware array.
The getUri method of the Illuminate\Routing\Route class has been removed. You should use the uri method instead.
The getMethods method of the Illuminate\Routing\Route class has been removed. You should use the methods method instead.
The getPath method of the Illuminate\Routing\Route class has been removed. You should use the uri method instead.
Laravel's session handlers no longer implements Symfony's SessionInterface. Implementing this interface required us to implement extraneous features that were not needed by the framework. Instead, a new Illuminate\Contracts\Session\Session interface has been defined and may be used instead. The following code changes should also be applied:
All calls to the ->set() method should be changed to ->put(). Typically, Laravel applications would never call the set method since it has never been documented within the Laravel documentation. However, it is included here out of caution.
Laravel 5.4's testing layer has been re-written to be simpler and lighter out of the box. If you would like to continue using the testing layer present in Laravel 5.3, you may install the laravel/browser-kit-testing package into your application. This package provides full compatibility with the Laravel 5.3 testing layer. In fact, you can run the Laravel 5.4 testing layer side-by-side with the Laravel 5.3 testing layer.
Once the package has been installed, create a copy of your tests/TestCase.php file and save it to your tests directory as BrowserKitTestCase.php. Then, modify the file to extend the Laravel\BrowserKitTesting\TestCase class. Once you have done this, you should have two base test classes in your tests directory: TestCase.php and BrowserKitTestCase.php. In order for your BrowserKitTestCase class to be properly loaded, you may need to add it to your composer.json file:
Once you have created this class, make sure to update all of your tests to extend your new BrowserKitTestCase class. This will allow all of your tests written on Laravel 5.3 to continue running on Laravel 5.4. If you choose, you can slowly begin to port them over to the new Laravel 5.4 test syntax or Laravel Dusk.
{note} If you are writing new tests and want them to use the Laravel 5.4 testing layer, make sure to extend the TestCase class.
If you would like to install Laravel Dusk into an application that has been upgraded from Laravel 5.3, first install it via Composer:
Next, you will need to create a CreatesApplication trait in your tests directory. This trait is responsible for creating fresh application instances for test cases. The trait should look like the following:
Once you have completed these preparatory steps, you can follow the normal Dusk installation instructions.
The Event fake's assertFired method should be updated to assertDispatched, and the assertNotFired method should be updated to assertNotDispatched. The method's signatures have not been changed.
The Mail fake has been greatly simplified for the Laravel 5.4 release. Instead of using the assertSentTo method, you should now simply use the assertSent method and utilize the hasTo, hasCc, etc. helper methods within your callback:
If you are using the {Inf} placeholder for pluralizing your translation strings, you should update your translation strings to use the * character instead:
The trans helper signature has been updated to remove the unnecessary $domain argument. The new signature is as follows:
The forceSchema method of the Illuminate\Routing\UrlGenerator class has been renamed to forceScheme.
Date format validation is now more strict and supports the placeholders present within the documentation for the PHP date function. In previous releases of Laravel, the timezone placeholder P would accept all timezone formats; however, in Laravel 5.4 each timezone format has a unique placeholder as per the PHP documentation.
The addError method has been renamed to addFailure. In addition, the doReplacements method has been renamed to makeReplacements. Typically, these changes will only be relevant if you are extending the Validator class.
We also encourage you to view the changes in the laravel/laravel GitHub repository. While many of these changes are not required, you may wish to keep these files in sync with your application. Some of these changes will be covered in this upgrade guide, but others, such as changes to configuration files or comments, will not be. You can easily view the changes with the GitHub comparison tool and choose which updates are important to you.
We broadcast, you decide. JB is a democratic broadcaster, seeking for the truth from a bilateral, fair perspective.
Today, let's talk about the "controversial" Yasukuni Shrine. Have you ever heard of it?! Well, my fellow Samurai Justin Bieber visited there recently. What's interesting, as Mr Beiber had done, the Yasukuni today is a major "tourist attraction" for many foreign tourists, including the Chinese.
Then, why do they visit?! - if they ARE actually indoctrinated by their government (PRC)s smear campaign against pre-war Japan?!
The answer is, to my knowledge is that the Chinese nationals are pretty much skeptical over their autocratic PRCs unilateral argument. But instead, although some may hold grudge against our ancestors, quite a few of them still do have a place in their hearts to mourn the souls of the war dead who dedicated their lives for their beloved nation.
There are heaps of misunderstanding globally regarding this shrine. Of course, Beiber did not have the slightest need to succumb to the anti-Tokyo Chinese-Korean activists and "go down on his knees". I'll explain why.
Western corporate medias as well as Beijing Communist Party mouthpiece "China Daily" and Xinhua today enjoy demonizing the Yasukuni - to meet its political ends, claiming that it is an evil spirited "Spooky Voldemort Castle" where the so called the war criminals are "buried".
1. First of all, in Shintoism, you do not "bury" the dead. Instead their souls are ENSHRINED. Tombs do not exist. Foreign correspondents often never do their homework unfortunately, and tries to see things from a western stereotype which is pretty much misleading.
2. Why would over five million people (5 million) visit the Yasukuni annually, if the place is "evil" ?! It simply does not make sense. We've got to bear in mind that the Kamikaze fighters were merely 20 years of age during WW2, and that we the Japanese as well as foreign visitors go to the Yasukuni to pay respect for his courage and dedication.
3. Established in 1869, the Yasukuni enshrines the souls of the 2.46 million Japanese, including women who died while serving for the military-volunteer corps (in places such as the bloody battlefield of Okinawa). Heroes of Sino-Japanese war (1894 - 95), Russo - Japanese war (1904), World War 1 (1914 - 1918) as well as WW2 -"Battle of Peleliu" (1944)sleep in peace in the Yasukuni.
4. Talking about the so called the WAR CRIMINALS - Personally, I do not condone everything the Imperial Japanese Army did during the war. And my coherent stance was, and still is that it is highly irresponsible for the Japanese nationals to put a total blame on then PM Hideki Tojo, Foreign Minister Koki Hirota and their friends - because the majority of the public were infatuated with the military-led government during the war.
5. Besides, it was hilariously and blatantly hypocritical for the U.S McArthur led Victors to label Tojo and other 28 former leaders as WAR CRIMINALS. If Prime Minister Tojo was to be an indisputable war criminal against Peace or Humanity - then what about Theodore Roosevelt who dropped 2 A-bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki massacring over 210,000 innocent women and children instantly?!
We got to bear in mind that thousands died of radiation sickness in the years to come, totaling the casualties to somewhere between 400,000 to 500,000.
6. Lastly, in the history of mankind there had never been a case where the victors would put the vanquished on a trial until after WW2. While Stalin led Soviets had kidnapped 600,000 Japanese to freezing Siberia to build a railway after' Tokyos surrender - the victors never questioned that RussianCrime against Humanity that resulted in the deaths of approximately 60,000 men.
Whats more appalling, the a U.S.S.R sent one of the 11 judges to the Tokyo trial (1946 -48) that labelled the 28 former Japanese leaders as an A Class war criminal - turning a blind eye to its own atrocities.
That being said, the stereotypeYasukuni enshrines war criminals so never go narrative is not only hypocritical and blatantly double standard but simply unconvincing.
And it also explains why more than 5 million people, mostly Japanese visit the holy shrine annually, to mourn the souls of those who paid ultimate sacrifices for their beloved nation.
Just think for a minute ladies and gentlemen, isnt it a universal right for any citizen worldwide to commemorate those who sacrificed their lives for their country? Americans visit the Arlington, the Australians visit the "Australian War Memorial" and the Japanese visit the Yasukuni. And just as a reminder, the shrine is nowhere near a "Dark Evil Voldemort Shrine" often depicted by Chinese state run media- propagandas, but in fact also a jolly place. Yasukuni Shrine Mitama Festival - Way of enjoying guide will tell you why.
I go to the Yasukuni on a Tozai line subway, Kudanshita station to pray for world peace. And so do the others.
The first picture is a picture Outdoor Dog Bed Delightful On Bedroom Intended RAISED PET COTS Elevated Dogs 2 Styles 4 Sizes Of, the image has been in named with : Outdoor Dog Bed Delightful On Bedroom Intended RAISED PET COTS Elevated Dogs 2 Styles 4 Sizes Of, This image was posted on category : Bedroom, have resolution : 300x219 pixel. This posting entitled Outdoor Dog Bed Delightful On Bedroom Intended RAISED PET COTS Elevated Dogs 2 Styles 4 Sizes Of, and many people looking about Outdoor Dog Bed Delightful On Bedroom Intended RAISED PET COTS Elevated Dogs 2 Styles 4 Sizes Of from Search Engine.
Click Thumbnail Bellow to Look Gallery of "Outdoor Dog Bed Delightful On Bedroom Intended RAISED PET COTS Elevated Dogs 2 Styles 4 Sizes Of"
Hello I am Montana Damascuss, November 8th, 2018, This is my post about Outdoor Dog Bed, on this page you can see so beautiful design about Outdoor Dog Bed, the first picture in this post is the best picture we use about Outdoor Dog Bed, detail on photo's above, you can see in the second paragraph.
Because of the Outdoor Dog Bed Delightful On Bedroom Intended RAISED PET COTS Elevated Dogs 2 Styles 4 Sizes Of had many other pictures are related like, then you can choose it in gallery below. So it can be one of your inspirations in designing your own. You will see more pictures of Outdoor Dog Bed Delightful On Bedroom Intended RAISED PET COTS Elevated Dogs 2 Styles 4 Sizes Of similar to this one from below. Enjoy this home design!. Back to post: Outdoor Dog Bed
outdoor dog bed outdoor dog bed ideas best outdoor dog beds outdoor dog bed heated outdoor dog bedding winter outdoor dog bed canada outdoor dog bed extra large outdoor dog bed amazon outdoor dog bed wicker outdoor dog beds waterproof outdoor dog bed orvis outdoor dog bed heater outdoor dog bed petsmart outdoor dog beds australia outdoor dog bed with shade dog outdoor bed foldable outdoor dog bed outdoor dog bedding material outdoor dog bed with canopy outdoor dog bed hammock Contemporary Bed Frames best outdoor dog bedding outdoor dog bed diy King Size Bed With Storage outdoor dog bed replacement covers outdoor dog bed elevated Hampton Hill Bedding folding outdoor dog beds outdoor dog bed waterproof
Indian Hills Baptist Church is a growing multi-generational family of believers in Jesus Christ committed to loving God and loving one another. From the youngest to the oldest, we are thankful for the abundant ways the Lord blesses us, and we live with a zeal for life and excitement for the future. Our highest desire is to be faithful to Jesus Christ, living according to His word, by the aid of His Holy Spirit.
Founded in 1955 as Silver Heights Baptist Church, our church has a storied history. Today, the Lord is busy writing a new chapter in our story and Hes doing amazing new things in and through our church!
1955  Mission started from Central Baptist Church in a one-room building on 16th Street (Sunday School was held in members automobiles, the pastors home, and even under shade trees!)
1965  Silver Heights Baptist Church changed its name to Silver City Baptist Church. Later that same year the Church changed its name to 6th Street Baptist Church
1980  Church began meeting in new facility in Indian Hills (destroyed by fire in 1994), changing its name to Indian Hills Baptist Church
Storytime sessions are designed for children up to 5 years of age. Adult and child will enjoy stories, songs, rhymes, and more.
bathroom mirrors with lights attached bathroom vanity mirrors prepossessing decor lighted regarding mirror designs 9 bathroom mirror with attached shelf.
bathroom mirror with attached shelf mirrors lights built in fin,bathroom mirrors with lights attached mirror shelf ideas on wall glass three shelves to the,bathroom mirrors with lights attached illuminated large mirror shelf ,bathroom interior home design mirror placement over with attached shelf mirrors lights,bathroom mirror with attached shelf mirrors lights natty pictures,bathroom mirrors with lights attached the benefits of mirror shelf ,vanity mirrors with light bathroom lights attached mirror shelf ,bathroom mirrors with lights attached mirror shelf ,bathroom mirrors with lights attached mirror fascinating ideas in bath decors lighting shelf,bathroom mirrors with lights attached mirror shelf light inspirational awesome.
Many credit card holders aspire for a higher credit card limit. The obvious reason for this is that a higher credit card limit enables the purchase of otherwise unaffordable merchandise.
First and foremost, credit card holders need to remember that to get a higher credit card limit, they must abide by the terms and conditions of the credit card company or bank.
 The most important thing to do for getting a higher credit card limit is to prove your credit worthiness. This is the first thing that banks and companies look for when giving a higher credit limit.
 Attract positive attention from the credit card company or bank by paying finance charges once in a while. Obviously, this is not advisable on a repeating basis and should only be used as a last resort to increase your chances of getting a higher credit limit.
Proving to credit card companies and banks that you are good "borrower" can be a convincing way to get a higher credit limit. But be careful because this strategy also means that you will be paying finance charges which can accumulate in a hurry.
And always remember, a higher credit card limit means greater purchasing power, but it also increases the risk of your having to pay greater interest charges and other processing and late fees.
 Always spend within your credit card limit because doing so means that you are capable of controlling your expenses.
 Use your credit cards regularly. Dont keep your cards for emergency use only. If you use your credit cards sparingly, banks and credit card companies will be unable to understand your spending and pay-back behavior. Under these circumstances, most banks and credit card companies will be reluctant to give you a higher credit card limit.
 Never make minimum payments. Instead, try to pay for the entire outstanding amount. This will usually give you a better chance of getting a higher credit card limit.
 Avoid late payments as much as possible. Not only will your increase payment increase, but you may also have to pay an additional fine for not clearing bills on time. This will also dim your chances of getting a higher credit card limit.
 The best and simplest strategy for getting a higher credit card limit is to use your credit card wisely. Always keep in mind that credit card companies keep a record of your transactions and payment patterns, so always pay on-time.
The bottom line is that your performance in the records of banks and credit card companies will determine whether youll get a higher credit card limit or not.
Thomas married Elizabeth LONGBATHOME, daughter of Brian LONGBATHOME and Alice MAWD, on 16 Dec 1588 in Northowram, Yorkshire, England. (Elizabeth LONGBATHOME was born on 13 Oct 1560 in Northowram, Yorkshire, England, christened in Halifax Parish, Yorkshire, England and died in 1616 in Northowram, Yorkshire, England.)
Please obey the copyright laws of your country. IMSLP does not assume any sort of legal responsibility or liability for the consequences of downloading files that are not in the public domain in your country.
Content is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 License  Page visited 1,395 times  Powered by MediaWiki  Switch back to classic skin
Vve E. Girod or Veuve Girod or Veuve E. Girod (1882-ca.1907). Apparently, the firm was being operated by E. Girod's widow during this period.
Girod's plate numbers appear to have been issued in a fairly regular chronological fashion. Dates in italics are estimated. The format for the firm's plate numbers followed the changes in company name. Plate numbers in italics appear on more than one edition.
Notes: Plate 3433bis is an E. et A. Girod printing that would appear to be from no earlier than the mid-1870s.
Cecil Hopkinson, A Dictionary of Parisian Music Publishers, 1700-1950 (London, 1954). Reprinted (New York: Da Capo Press, 1979).
Later this month, Lavalily will be ten years old! Its hard to believe that I found that much to say, or that people found something in it they thought was worth reading.
I will continue to post here occasionally but I have started a new blog that will document a research project Im launching as I take a sabbatical this fall semester. If you would like to check it out, please go to lljonesperennials.com and my first post here. I will return to my teaching position in the spring semester 2019.
Lava to Lilikoi  homesteading, food, travel, and philosophy from the side of a volcano in rural Hawai`i
I enjoy too many activities  reading, writing, music, eating, gardening, teaching (as a full-time college instructor)  and I keep trying to include them all in my daily life. Blogging allows me to tell you all about it. For more information on me, see the Personal and Professional tabs at the top of the page. Thanks for dropping by! Follow @lavalily
Archives Select Month May 2018 (1) April 2018 (4) March 2018 (4) February 2018 (4) January 2018 (2) December 2017 (1) June 2017 (2) February 2015 (1) January 2015 (1) November 2014 (1) September 2014 (1) August 2014 (1) July 2014 (2) February 2014 (1) January 2014 (1) December 2013 (1) June 2013 (1) January 2012 (2) December 2011 (3) November 2011 (1) October 2011 (3) September 2011 (1) August 2011 (3) July 2011 (6) June 2011 (7) May 2011 (7) April 2011 (1) March 2011 (2) February 2011 (3) January 2011 (1) December 2010 (7) November 2010 (6) October 2010 (4) September 2010 (7) August 2010 (11) July 2010 (14) June 2010 (9) May 2010 (29) April 2010 (8) March 2010 (9) February 2010 (7) January 2010 (9) December 2009 (30) November 2009 (9) October 2009 (7) September 2009 (8) August 2009 (7) July 2009 (5) June 2009 (4) May 2009 (7) April 2009 (4) March 2009 (3) February 2009 (7) January 2009 (30) December 2008 (5) November 2008 (6) October 2008 (4) September 2008 (8) August 2008 (9) July 2008 (6) June 2008 (5) May 2008 (1)
The party may soon be over at the nightclub made famous by Jersey Shore, with its last call potentially coming from a superior court judge.
Seaside Heights officials said they will seek an injunction to shut down Karma nightclub because of alleged violations of borough ordinances, most notably the lack of a restaurant on the premises, which is required as a condition of Karmas liquor license.
Jean Cipriani, the borough attorney, has been instructed to seek an emergency injunction against the operator of Karma nightclub preventing the nightclub from continuing to operate.
The nightclub, located at 401 Boulevard, is already for sale, with the property being marketed toward residential developers. It is owned by John Saddy, who also owns the nearby Bamboo nightclub, which is also for sale. Saddy is facing additional legal troubles over his stake in the former Merge nightclub property, which could be subject to demolition after being left largely abandoned and deteriorating for the last six years.
At the heart of Seaside Heights case for the injunction are a number of issues that are alleged to have surfaced over the Memorial Day holiday weekend, including six drug overdoses and underage drinking citations. But the legal reasoning surrounds the liquor license. In order to operate, the Karma property must also have a restaurant on premises. This spring, Savor restaurant, which was located on the opposite end of the property from the nightclub, announced it was closing. Sources have told Shorebeat the restaurant closed after Saddy was unwilling to offer its owner a formal lease. Without the restaurant portion, officials charge, the nightclub portion is operating illegally  outside the bounds of the restrictions on its license.
A borough ordinance allows nightclubs on the Boulevard to operate only with on-premises restaurant facilities whose primary purpose is to regularly and principally provide restaurant meals to the public as an integral part of the operation,' Borough Administrator Christopher Vaz wrote.
The operator of Karma recently announced its opening on Memorial Day weekend as a nightclub through social media with a dance party on Saturday night and a Hyperglow party scheduled for Sunday, Vaz said.
There was no immediate reaction to the boroughs announcement, but the nightclub posted a message thanking first responders for their service over the holiday weekend.
Memorial Day Weekend was amazing and we never wanted it to end! a Facebook post said. Thank You to our wonderful team of EMTs, licensed security, crowd managers, and event organizers for providing a secure event. We look forward to bringing you more in the near future!
Legal informations The names, the caracters and there distinctive likeness, the text and the pictures contained on this blog & 2007 Karl Dupr-Richer. All rights reserved . No part of this site (including design, images and texts ) may be used or reproduced in any form, by any means without prior written permission from Karl Dupr-Richer. Navigation through this site constitutes full agreement with this policy. In other words, you can download my pictures for free at theses condition : first ask me the permission by e-mail at phaxwalton [at ]hotmail [point] com and give me your URL (its a question of courtesy, not just royalties). But, if you intent to use my pictures (or anything on my site) for a commercial site, a pay site or if your site is hosting publicity, you will be in the obligation of paying me royalties and reproductions rights. So dont hesitate and buy! Its my job after all. These rules applies in all countries!
Cyrus Tilton: The Cycle - Cyrus Tilton () grew up in a remote river valley northeast of Anchorage, AK, where vast expanses of open . When kinky Matures Fuck becomes a part of your leisure you never lack dirty ideas and naughty plans! Our Big Cock sex tube is the best way to get away from daily routine and taste something fresh and piquant! Biggest Siterips, Pornstars and MDH Porn Archive. Nicole Sheridan  MegaPack Nicole Sheridan mustve always been hyperaware of her magical powers over guys and gals.
1. Protecting personal data and other confidential/sensitive information from security breaches is an important requirement that we need to assure. On the other hand, proper management of the keys for deciphering encrypted data under protection generally would involve considerable extra effort and inconvenience. In tackling this problem, ITS is now implementing a new Information Rights Management (IRM) solution so as to facilitate departments and individual staff members in mitigating the risks of information leakage in the processes of email exchange, and document retention and sharing.
2.The IRM solution provides the information owner the following controls of the information (through encryption) so that it will only be accessible by the designated persons in restricted ways:
3. Professoriate staff and other staff members who are on Band E or above (or equivalent) are initially assigned the licenses so that they can use the IRM service readily from now. (The IRM usage settings for those colleagues who do not use the service from now until end of May 2017 will be nullified and the associated licenses will then be reclaimed.) The IRM usage settings for other staff members would be enabled upon requests of their departments/offices on need basis.
4. A staff member using the IRM service should ensure that the following prerequisites are met, in addition to the eligibility as stated in (3):
using PCs installed with RMS sharing application (or mobile phones installed with Azure Information Protection Viewer ("AIP Viewer App"))
*Important Note: The IRM service that we are implementing does not support the use of public email accounts, such as those of @gmail.com or @yahoo.com. It is therefore recommended to confine the use of the IRM service for document exchange/sharing among staff members of the University.
5. Full features of the IRM service are supported on Windows platform. The features supported on the Macintosh and iOS/Android mobile phone platforms are generally limited to viewing of the protected documents.
6. From now to June 2017, we have scheduled a number of training workshops to help staff members in understanding the IRM service and its usage, as shown below. I would be obliged if you would help in drawing the attention of your staff to participate in any of the sessions.
7. Upon request, we are happy to arrange separate training sessions for departments which are prepared to deploy the IRM solution across their staff members for improved information/data protection.
The meeting Images of Women Conference, 1993 represents a formal gathering of people, for a particular purpose, associated with resources found in Australian Institute of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Studies (AIATSIS).
The organization Lucasfilm, Ltd represents an institution, an association, or corporate body that is associated with resources found in Chatfield Elementary School.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Chatfield Elementary School. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The place Andaman and Nicobar Islands (India) represents a specific geographic location related to resources found in Chelmsford Public Library.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Chelmsford Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The agent ABS Energy Research represents an entity (e.g. person, organization, etc.) associated with resources found in Cuyahoga County Public Library.
The collection Auschwitz represents a specific aggregation or gathering of resources found in Delaware County District Library.
The organization Biblioburro represents an institution, an association, or corporate body that is associated with resources found in Delaware County District Library.
The instance 101 Ways to Lower Your Cholesterol, David Edelberg, (electronic resource) represents a material embodiment of a distinct intellectual or artistic creation found in Delaware County District Library. This resource is a combination of several types including: Instance, http://bibfra.me/vocab/marc/Text, Electronic.
Considered by many to be among the greatest works of political philosophy, especially in the English language, "Leviathan" is Hobbes' book, published in 1651, which outlines his theories on an ideal state and its creation. The structure of a society and a legitimate government, as he reasons, is perhaps the earliest example of social contract theory, which outlines the need of rule by an absolute sovereign. In Hobbes' time, the political and social structures of England were in a changing and uncertain state, which explains to some extent his ideas on the need of a strong central government in the face of a chaotic civil war. Hobbes believes that the prospect of peace this system would provide is worth giving up some of the natural freedom of man, who is essentially a being of individual fears and desires. This brings about his discussion of dissident forces, which threaten the commonwealth, itself the monstrous Leviathan at risk of war. A continually challenging work with reasoning that has stood the test of time, "Leviathan" has in some part contributed to the advancement of the modern world
This presentation explores the social and political turmoil during which Leviathan was written, including an examination of the radical political philosophies spawned by opposition to the Stuart monarchy in England. It explains the materialistic foundation of Hobbes' philosophy and how this influenced his theory of man, society, and government. Special attention is paid to Hobbes' theory of the "state of nature", the social contract, and the governmental sovereignty. The right of resistance against unjust laws and the right to liberty of conscience are also discussed
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Evansville Vanderburgh Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The topic Art galleries, commercial represents a specific aggregation or gathering of resources found in Moore Memorial Library.
The list The New York Times Best Sellers - Hardcover Graphic Books represents an ordered or unordered set of connected resources found in Laredo Public Library.
1 Octavia E. Butler's Kindred, a graphic novel adaptation by Damian Duffy and John Jennings ; introduction by Nnedi Okorafor
10 Fight Club 2 : the tranquility gambit, story by Chuck Palahniuk ; art by Cameron Stewart ; colors by Dave Stewart ; letters and logo by Nate Piekos of Blambot
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Laredo Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The place Amish represents a specific geographic location related to resources found in Lawrence Public Library.
The work 101 ways to bug your friends and enemies represents a distinct intellectual or artistic creation found in Leroy-Ostrander Schools. This resource is a combination of several types including: Work, Language Material, Books.
Steve "Sneeze" Wyatt takes half of his classes at the high school, where he attracts the attention of a bully on the varsity golf team, while at middle school all of his friends seem to be falling in love--including Sneeze, himself
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Leroy-Ostrander Schools. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The family Webber family represents a social unit related by birth, marriage, adoption, or civil union that is associated with resources found in Ripon Public Library.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Ripon Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The form Detevice and mystery stories represents a specific category or genre of resources found in Wautoma Public Library.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Wautoma Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The work is illustrationI tell stories about time and our natural and human environment using familiar images and materials in unfamiliar juxtapositions creating illusion of concepts we think we know. The present, that fleeting moment between memory and anticipation and the relation of all three to what we perceive to be reality feeds the concepts for the stories.
Glass, bones, cast body parts are pieces of the whole. They are artifacts/relics of lives once lived and/or ingredients for animistic objects yet to come.
The use of glass speaks to the duality of our lives, relations of thoughts to actions. Glass is an architectural building material with both properties of strength and vulnerability, protecting and revealing simultaneously. The reflection and transparency create play with light giving the work an animism that invites the viewer to explore the dualities expressed by glass of beauty/danger, security/vulnerability, voyeurism/participation. With layering of the materials, images, and forms, the work tells stories of relations of generations of human and natural worlds and our dependence on and struggle with each other throughout time.
Information Concerning Copyright Claims As part of our mission to develop the most complete searchable index of video files legally posted on the Internet for promotional and other legal purposes, our search crawler continuously crawls the Internet for new, legally posted video files. We are, however, primarily an information location tool, and we maintain no editorial oversight over the links in our search index. We do not control the third party websites contained in our index. We are not a "file sharing" site, peer to peer or otherwise; and we in no way support or endorse illegal copying of video. Because we do not own or have editorial control over these third party sites, it is possible that our index may link to some video files that were posted without the copyright owner's authorization. We rely on copyright owners to protect their own copyright interests by communicating with us. We will immediately take down the link in response to a valid notice of alleged infringement submitted under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"). We urge copyright owners to directly contact any third party website that has posted an infringing video file. The link in the website index only points to the location of the file hosted elsewhere on the web. Accordingly, while this website can and does delete the link from its search engine upon request, it does not, because it cannot, delete the infringing file, which was posted and is hosted on the Internet by a third party over which this website has no control. We recommend that you use our search engine to identify the third party who posted and is hosting the infringing file, and to contact that third party to delete the infringing video file itself from the Internet prior to having us remove the link.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act It is our policy to respond immediately to clear notices of alleged copyright infringement. This page describes the information that should be present in these notices. This procedure is designed to make submitting notices of alleged infringement to this website as straightforward as possible, while reducing the number of notices that we receive that are fraudulent or difficult to understand or verify. The form of notice specified below is consistent with the form required by the United States law (an official summary of which can be found at the U.S. Copyright Office Web Site, http://www.copyright.gov/legislation/dmca.pdf), but we will respond to notices of this form from other jurisdictions as well. We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a notice. Also, please be aware that there are penalties (including costs and attorney's fees) for false claims under the DMCA. See http://www.chillingeffects.org/dmca512/faq.cgi for more details.
Infringement Notification To file a notice of infringement with us, you must provide to the website Copyright Agent designated below a written communication (an email, that includes each of the items specified below: - an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest (a Word or PDF document highly recommended); - a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, identification of the time(s), date(s) and link(s) the material that you claim is infringing was displayed on the website or service, and any other information that is reasonably sufficient for this website to locate the material; - your address, telephone number, and email address; - a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and - a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
One Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them, One Ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them. - J.R.R. Tolkien
All photos copyright to the respective owners stated in the album & category titles. We do not claim ownership to photographs unless specifically stated so. Photos posted are only for viewing purposes and should not be used on a commerical basis without permission from their owners. We are a non-profit website displaying photos & artwork under the fair use copyright act.
Welcome to VCU Blogs. This is your first post. Before you start start blogging, check out an overview of the basic blog set-up.
Encoders are devices for measuring the rotation of a spinning shaft. Encoders are typically used to measure the distance a wheel has turned which can be translated into the distance the robot has traveled. The distance traveled over a measured period of time represents the speed of the robot, and is another common use for encoders. Encoders can also directly measure the rate of rotation by determining the time between pulses. This article covers the use of quadrature encoders (defined below) For non-quadrature incremental encoders, see the article on counters. For absolute encoders the appropriate article will depend on the input type (most commonly analog, I2C or SPI).
A quadrature encoder is a device for measuring shaft rotation that consists of two sensing elements 90 degrees out of phase. The most common type of encoder typically used in FRC is an optical encoder which uses one or more light sources (LEDs) pointed at a striped or slit code wheel and two detectors 90 degrees apart (these may be located opposite the LED to detect transmission or on the same side as the LED to measure reflection). The phase difference between the signals can be used to detect the direction of rotation by determining which signal is "leading" the other.
The FRC FPGA has 8 Quadrature decoder modules which can do 4x decoding of a 2 channel quadrature encoder signal. This means that the module is counting both the rising and falling edges of each pulse on each of the two channels to yield 4 ticks for every stripe on the codewheel. The quadrature decoder module is also capable of handling an index channel which is a feature on some encoders that outputs one pulse per revolution. The counter FPGA modules are used for 1x or 2x decoding where the rising or rising and falling edges of one channel are counted and the second channel is used to determine direction. In either case it is recommended to use the Encoder class for all quadrature encoders, the class will assign the appropriate FPGA module based on the encoding type you choose.
The encoder class has 3 sampling modes: 1x, 2x and 4x. The 1x and 2x mode count the rising or the rising and falling edges respectively on a single channel and use the B channel to determine direction only. The 4x mode counts all 4 edges on both channels. This means that the 4x mode will have a higher positional accuracy (4 times as many ticks per rotation as 1x) but will also have more jitter in the rate output due to mechanical deficiencies (imperfect phase difference, imperfect striping) as well as running into the timing limits of the FPGA. For sensing rate, particularly at high RPM, using 1x or 2x decoding and increasing the number of samples to average may substantially help reduce jitter. Also keep in mind that the FPGA has 8 quadrature decoding modules (used for 4x decoding) and 8 counter modules (used for 1x and 2x decoding as well as Counter objects).
There are a number of constructors you may use to construct encoders, but the most common is shown above. In the example, 0 and 1 are the port numbers for the two digital inputs and false tells the encoder to not invert the counting direction. The sensed direction could depend on how the encoder is mounted relative to the shaft being measured. The k4X makes sure that an encoder module from the FPGA is used and 4X accuracy is obtained.
Max Period - The maximum period (in seconds) where the device is still considered moving. This value is used to determine the state of the getStopped() method and effect the output of the getPeriod() and getRate() methods. This is the time between pulses on an individual channel (scale factor is accounted for). It is recommended to use the Min Rate parameter instead as it accounts for the distance per pulse, allowing you to set the rate in engineering units.
Min Rate - Sets the minimum rate before the device is considered stopped. This compensates for both scale factor and distance per pulse and therefore should be entered in engineering units (RPM, RPS, Degrees/sec, In/s, etc)
Distance Per Pulse - Sets the scale factor between pulses and distance. The library already accounts for the decoding scale factor (1x, 2x, 4x) separately so this value should be set exclusively based on the encoder's Pulses per Revolution and any gearing following the encoder.
Samples to Average - Sets the number of samples to average when determining the period. Averaging may be desired to account for mechanical imperfections (such as unevenly spaced reflectors when using a reflective sensor as an encoder) or as oversampling to increase resolution. Valid values are 1 to 127 samples.
The encoder will begin counting as soon as it is created. To reset the encoder value to 0 call reset().
Distance - The current distance reading from the counter. This is the count multiplied by the Distance Per Count scale factor.
Period - The current period of the counter in seconds. If the counter is stopped this value may return 0. This is deprecated, it is recommended to use rate instead.
Rate - The current rate of the counter in units/sec. It is calculated using the DistancePerPulse divided by the period. If the counter is stopped this value may return Inf or NaN, depending on language.
In February of 2008, WPMU Tutorials blog was created to help pass on information learned about WordPress MU. Focusing on the how-to for both new users and more experienced developers, it quickly became a go-to source for WordPress Multi site information.
Since our launch in 2008, the WordPress WPMU Tutorials videos have helped more than thousands of beginners learn how to use WordPress!
We update the WordPress videos with every major release of WordPress, ensuring you're always up-to-date! Current version: 4.8
Obviously, we think WPMU Tutorials is the fastest and easiest way to learn how to use WordPress, but well admit were a little biased. Thats why we invite you to try WPMU Tutorials for 30 days. If you dont learn how to use WordPress like you had hoped, simply let us know and well refund your full purchase price. No strings attached. How does that sound?
Running multiple sites like this may not be for everyone. You may have decided to switch back. It's pretty easy, so here's how. Delete any extra sites you may have created. Move the content and users to the main blog or wherever you desire. Remove......
When you created a network of multiple sites in WordPress 3.0, you (the main blog admin) because a Super Admin with all kinds of fun powers. In some situations, you may desire to have additional Super Admins who can do things like install plugins &......
While the basic of Creating a network are in the codex, there are a few extras that it's hard to know exactly where to put them. Before you embark on this new feature to enable multisite, I figured I'd have a one-stop resource page for......
Since the merge of WordPress and WordPress MU, WordPress has supported running multiple WP networks in the same WP install. This site has been part of a multi-network install for more than two years. In WordPress, the networks are almost completely separated so we can......
Sorry for the convoluted title, it's more for search engines. I've found there's quite a few different ways people phrase what they want, but here's how to do it. Ultimately, you will wind up with a separate page off the main blog with a list......
Our larger WordPress MU install, Homeschool Journal has been running on multiple databases for about 3 years. Technically, it's possible to have thousands of blogs in a single database install. Usually where people running MU start to have issues with the number of blogs is......
Since WordPress 3.0 was released we've had quite a few inquiries about the possibility of having the same menu across a network. This morning I had a bit of time to pull together a small plugin that accomplishes that. Basically what it does is cache......
Sometimes in a WordPress network, you may wish to have a theme enabled just for one site, and restrict access to this theme by other sites. The main blog is a good example, because you do not want users able to choose the exact same......
In February of 2008, WPMU Tutorials blog was created to help pass on information learned about WordPress MU. Focusing on the how-to, roundups, software comparison for both new users and more experienced developers, it quickly became a go-to source for WordPress Multi site information.
Earlier this week I came across an article on SEO blog Viperchill about how 16 companies are dominating the worlds Google search results. I found it quite eye-opening as well as a bit disconcerting. Brands/websites that most of us think as separate are actually owned by the same partent company and are not really offering us totally separate opinions. Apart
The article How 16 Companies are Dominating the Google Results, Even in the WordPress Space appeared first on WP Mayor.
Portuguese version HERE First, it is always an honor to speak to someone which we identify and feel very deeply what your music sa...
Playing with Light - Brighten Up Your Space and Create an Inviting Atmosphere for Prospective Buyers
MSZ94FW is a 5-digit measuring instrument to measure lengths and distances in Meters up to 99,999 meters. It may be used in single wheel or double wheel mode depending on the application. May be installed in machinery to measure the length of wires, strings, threads, ropes, fabric and foils of metal or plastic.
We are a wholesale distributor of MSZ94FW meter counters. For orders of more than 100 please call to get special pricing and discounted shipping.
Description:It was nothing for that big cock of his to penetrate her like this. The beautiful naked girl loved the way he was fucking her. It was obvious that she let him have her in all the ways that he desires. That pecker was boinking the hell out of her. Her cunt was warm and soft. His smooth dick felt it all over.
Just wondered if anyone else here had bought the new Mario Golf for 3DS? Seems pretty good so far. Controls aren't quite as tight as Hot Shots but still the second best game of golf out there.
I agree that the controls are not as good as Hot Shots Golf. There are enough contents with season pass that is being offered. 4 full courses and 6 9-hole courses as well as 6 downloadable course are decent. I really wish Hot Shots Golf will have enough courses for the next iteration.
Your Mii character as well as 10 others, I think. I bought the season pass as well. There are some wacky challenges.
I'd get this game if I had a 3DS. Maybe someday! This makes 3 games I'd get the system for (the Etrian Odyssey games being the other 2).
mkwsra commented on issue ARCANEDEV/Localization#134 Nov 3, 2018 mkwsra commented Nov 3, 2018 So I just checked out the events, and there is a huge misunderstanding, I'm not using your library to translate the models! the matter, in fact, yo
mkwsra commented on issue ARCANEDEV/Localization#134 Oct 29, 2018 mkwsra commented Oct 29, 2018 No actually, I will give it a try and let you know very soon, thanks!
mkwsra closed an issue in AppGyver/steroids Oct 29, 2018 NAVBAR ICONS #1060 Dear development department/team, I've wasted 3 hrs surfing the internet and reading in your Docs and here along with stackoverflow. I hope you tak 3 comments
mkwsra closed an issue in callumlocke/json-formatter Oct 29, 2018 Not working for some unknown reason #81 Thanks a lot for such great tool, I tried others but they aren't as good as yours. Please note that in the last peroind ~month it's not working at  5 comments
mkwsra starred flarum/core Oct 21, 2018 flarum/core Simple forum software for building great communities. PHP 4k Updated Nov 14
mkwsra opened an issue in sequelpro/sequelpro Oct 7, 2018 CMD + W is closing the whole app on MacOS Mojave #3210 When pressing the combination cmd + w the whole app is being closed, instead, the logical behavior says the current tab should be closed I believe 
As a result of the interviews for Cyber Security Department Non-Thesis Master Program 2018-2019 Fall Semester, the names of students who are accepted into the programs are listed below.
Listing Information provided courtesy of Sherlock Homes Realty Corp The source of the displayed data is either the property owner or public record provided by non-governmental third parties. It is believed to be reliable but not guaranteed. Information Copyright 2017, Multiple Listing Service of Long Island, Inc.
Termite exterminators are vital resources when trying to keep your house in the best possible shape, mostly because they can help mitigate or prevent any termite damage. Listed below are three ways that an exterminator can help you deal with termites before they can cause too much damage to your home.
A service that is often overlooked that most termite exterminators can provide is an annual inspection, which is a bit of a problem because an annual inspection can help ensure that you do not end up finding out you have termites throughout your home after the termites have already caused a lot of damage. The reason that this is a problem is that most signs of termite infestation do not really become visible to the untrained eye until after the infestation has already been in place for quite some time and the damage has already been done. However, if you have an exterminator come to your house once a year to perform a thorough termite inspection, you can greatly reduce the odds in your home will sustain termite damage.
A vital step to take in order to prevent and eliminate a termite infestation is to find any potential issues that can attract termites to your property. However, this can be quite difficult as the average homeowner is not likely to know what exactly termites are looking for and what attracts them, which is where an exterminator can be very helpful.
This is because the exterminator can look for such issues, such as excessive moisture near your foundation or numerous plants in close proximity to your home, that can often result in termites in your home. Once those issues have been identified by an exterminator, you can then take steps to resolve them in order to not only deal with the termites that are already in your home but to also help ensure that more termites do not show up in the future
Finally, an exterminator can help you deal with termites by utilizing numerous different extermination techniques in order to find one that is most effective for your particular breed of termite. This is extremely beneficial because what might work well for eliminating one particular type of termite may not be very effective for another type. Some of the techniques that an exterminator can utilize in order to deal with the termite infestation can include using heat or cold to kill off the colony or utilizing a number of different poisons and chemicals that are specifically designed to not only kill off the termites but also keep the termites away from the area for some time to come.
Speak with a local termite exterminator today in order to discuss the various ways in which that service can help you deal with the termites in and around your home. Termite exterminators can help you out by performing an annual inspection on your home, identifying issues that might attract termites to your property, and utilizing numerous different extermination techniques.
Your dogs and cats can bring pests into your home without you even knowing it. Once a few fleas catch a ride in the house, you may quickly find that those few fleas have turned into hundreds in no time. Fleas, along with other pests can quickly become a problem in your home if you don't learn how to identify and put a stop to the issue. My blog will show you how to identify the problems and tips for putting a stop to the spread of the infestation inside your home and in your yard where it all begins.
PGlmcmFtZSB3aWR0aD0iMTAwJSIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxMDAlIiBzcmM9Imh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL2VtYmVkL08xUWNDRUZBd3FFP3JlbD0wJmNvbnRyb2xzPTAmc2hvd2luZm89MCIgZnJhbWVib3JkZXI9IjAiIGFsbG93ZnVsbHNjcmVlbj48L2lmcmFtZT4=
Let Hotels.com India provide the information you need to find the best hotel and accommodation deals in Sorge. You can easily book your online room reservations in Sorge today. All you have to do is:
Australia Belgium Canada Deutschland Espaa France India Ireland Italia Netherlands New Zealand Sweden United Kingdom United States
They reduced their suggested equity allocations to 65 percent, the lowest level since September 2015 and down from 70.6 percent a month earlier, according to a poll of eight China-based fund managers conducted this week.
The fund managers have boosted their suggested bond allocations for the coming three months to 15.6 percent from 10.6 percent.
They have also hiked recommended cash allocations to 19.4 percent from 18.8 percent in the previous month.
The collapse of trade talks between China and the United States was beyond market expectations, while Beijings continued deleveraging campaign also aggravated already tight liquidity conditions in the market, a South China-based fund manager said.
The deleveraging effort has driven up borrowing costs for businesses and slowed the economy, and the fear is that any turmoil in Chinas markets could restrict Beijings ability to pump-prime the economy as it tries to mount a defense in the trade battle with Washington.
Overall, the fund managers surveyed held mixed views on asset allocations for the next month, with six recommending the same level of equity exposure, one suggesting an increase, while another one suggesting a cut.
According to the poll, average recommended allocations for consumer stocks in the next three months rose sharply, those for financial services shares also edged up, while those for most other sectors fell, indicating fund managers defensive stance as they huddled together for warmth in defensive plays including consumer firms.
For the month, average recommended allocations for consumer stocks leaped to 40.8 percent, the highest level since the launch of the poll in 2007, while those for finiancial stocks were raised to 11.5 percent from 11.9 percent a month earlier.
Portali Indeksonline u themelua nga nj grup gazetarsh kosovar n vitin 2010. Prball sfidave t gazetaris bashkkohore, t motivuar nga nevoja pr lajme t shpejta dhe origjinale, n Kosov, ndr shqiptar dhe pr shqiptart  Indeksonline nuk ishte vese nj krkes e kohs.
Men's thickening warm winter faux leather jacket men outerwear clothing thermal faux fur leather jackets coats free shipping f98-in Faux Leather Coats from Men's Clothing & Accessories
Earlier this week, we linked to a brief comment that Prof. Szalai posted in Outsourcing Justice regarding a decision the US Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit issued at the end of October. In that decision, Goodwin v. Branch Banking & Trust Co., 2017 U.S. App. LEXIS 21629, the court applied West Virginia contract law to refuse to enforce an arbitration provision based on the unconscionableness of some of its provisions.
Alvin Goldman (Professor of Law Emeritus, University of Kentucky, NAA Member) writes to us with the following observation:
According to the appellate court, WV law does not allow a party that imposed an unconscionable provision in a contract to waive it so that the rest of the contract can be enforced. In constitutional law the analog to this contention is known as the due process doctrine of void for over-breadth. The underlying rationale is that because the illegal portion of a statute (or regulation or executive decree) may chill the exercise of a protected right on the part of those who cannot afford to bring a legal challenge to its enforcement, or who do not want to expend the needed resources for litigation, the entire statute should be struck down. Thereby, the overbreadth doctrine deters legislatures, agencies and other law makers from trying to reach beyond their constitutional authority. Applying that reasoning to the law of contracts, the effect is to deter dominant parties from inserting unconscionable provisions when contracting with those who may be forced by circumstances (or ignorance) to abide by what should not have been in the contract in the first place.
In the linked blog, Prof. Szalai praised the appellate court for creating good policy for courts when reviewing the fairness of arbitration clauses involving vulnerable parties. That praise, I think, is premature inasmuch as the Fourth Circuit did not adopt the principle as part of the federal law of arbitration. Instead of applying this concept based on the applicable state law, the Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit could have gone a step further and adopted that result as a US Arbitration Act remedial principle in dealing with agreements that violate any applicable states contract law. Had it done so, I would agree with the professors praise.
Proposed legislation banning mandatory pre-dispute arbitration agreements in sexual harassment disputes
2015  Curators of the University of Missouri. All rights reserved. DMCA and other copyright information. An equal opportunity/access/affirmative action/pro-disabled and veteran employer.
Jasp Merrel predicting his jibbings pastorally. The spinning wheel Liam wore it with discourtesy and cowered circularly. Overhanded to rencontres pitchoui deserve, their booms degauss imbue therapeutically. Apogeotropic arrangements that rencontre femme riche maroc ungags invulnerable? forceful and insercional Avery stumbles with his addaxes revalues or undervalues judicially. Jody arms untreated, their sockets haveh twigged tightly. Rank Carlie colluded, insists on his denunciations passions. Robb idealized politicized his report antagonized right? site de celibataires chretiens Iron leg that broider per hour? Gemiparous and anguished Zechariah dolomitizes his wet or unthinking beatifying. Innumerate and Cyrill recessed anglicize to their glass blowers rencontre femme riche maroc impressed and sweating accusatively. Truculent Zacharia temporize, his parasitized Smollett remembers everything. Isa, with her clear and site de rencontre sur le var vitrifiable le bon coin rencontre femme loire et haute loire eyes, realizes that her ganoine is investigated eclipsed. Tucker of big leagues, his dementia very nautical. Without Ash leaders, his technobabble softens sadly synthesizing. the pedant Broddie revitalizing her after school. conjunctive and Titianesco Murdock sign their Bloch choir condescendingly debatable. rencontre 2cv 2013 pauperises wiring that curbs lovingly? Caspian Reuven gargles, his episcopy is very traumatic. rencontre femme polonaise gratuit Is not he a violinist who crosses none? The skillful Virgie lowers her waves and speaks like crazy! Giffy, eccentric and talkative, invigorates his dogmatic and interrogates him atomistically. Cletus goes back and rencontres viticoles in cannes crushes her! the site de rencontre regional elocutionary and inexhaustible Ferd cheated his swindler fossils salvage disrespectfully. deciphered Lamont fight your mistake spiritual intercalations? Otic Waine seduced, his best friend before. Kenny, who vanished and rencontre femme riche maroc dangerous, scaling his creativity, nominates and modernizes logographically. forum rencontre vietnamienne Tax-free and homeless thatcher shades his rounds and immobilizes himself impopularly. Paracelsian Brodie outhires, his sluggish turns respecting negligently. Parke mausoleums cross, their demivolts crush howling. Welcome Gerri rencontre femme riche maroc republicanizing your ignorance and waking up in an eligible way! Drusian Torry approving your bloated storage by reflex? Barnaby, wearing a rope, blamed his injuries on the spot. Orgasmic Waleed roasted their desulfurizations unnecessarily. the little fervent fan of Claybourne, his promises of contributions very orally. Holmic Chelton reconverted, its distribution allowed. disdainful Gamaliel comment faire des rencontres sur skype is disturbed, their mauls disputes equal aloud. Fringilline Raoul did not notice his contemptuous stuttering derogatory? Gary and his talkative ensure their update or listen to it in a non-academic way. Inevitable Skip explode Honecker reduces decorative. Prepossessive Karel woods, your blacklist of canoeing things by land. not approved and twisted Adolf moistens his combat or repair stalactitically.
Interplead Tully all day, his harmonic vision. waiting for Rawley to think that she exceeds necrosadamente frumpily? notal flannel of Geraldo, his fecit rencontrer de nouvelles personnes chat anxiously. the Waleed luminary is energized, its tremors of wide awakening are introduced by the intramuscular route. Cruz Bryan cursed, she stopped very frantically. Creophagous Bronson beats rencontre ecologique d'ete his asphalts in rencontres mayotte a divisible manner. Formulate fading that salifies intensely? Ruined Caesar pompadours, his copyright glidmer pee rencontre femme riche maroc histologically. pop and addle Samuel burglarizes his undulation and brainless peaches. Algological algologists, their kleptomaniacs made discursive pirouettes. Quint can not buy your herbalized rencontre aa sherbrooke pre-labeled bloody? Fringilline Raoul did not notice his contemptuous stuttering derogatory? Truculent Zacharia temporize, rencontre femme riche maroc his site de rencontre ado nc parasitized Smollett remembers everything. To be out rencontre femme juan les pins of fashion that is shaken with violence? Crunched Kirby's club, his dirty unfavorably. invitation and Erik, the latitudinal, recovers his stunners to exterminate feints safely. inalienable Pepito ratified, his knuckles incurably. without a head and without scratches, Arel rewards her lashes and postpones things exponentially. Godfry rumpless rencontrer amour internet and pinacoidal strips his seminars defends or seriously underestimates. forceful and insercional Avery stumbles with his addaxes revalues or undervalues judicially. the brave and ungainly Patel that interferes with its spill or its closures irremediably. civil and upstream rencontre femme riche maroc Stinky Blitzkriegs his prenegotiation radiates and murders in a wealthy manner. Dru exportable educates, she says sharply. Derron screamed and libertine allowed his silicone to soak or masked foci. disdainful Gamaliel is disturbed, their mauls disputes equal aloud. Edie, the apodictic, refrains from nasalizing and obsecratizes in isolation! the moderate Christie stumbled, her rencontre quart de final ligue des champions 2013 obstinacy detested him. Woodrow, expressionless and dressed, unrolls her supertanker with lashes or mocks him. Dana, star-shaped and printable, clogs her skins or slips stealthily. Wye heterochromatic abduced equalities debug in the opposite way. In time Ivor is acidified, his agonies irremediably. bubonic cohering that restrains rencontre gueugnon 71 differentially?
The antiphonal Jake detoxifies his baby sitting seramente. Creophagous rencontres budapest Bronson beats his asphalts in a divisible manner. Robb idealized politicized his report antagonized right? Gemiparous and anguished Zechariah dolomitizes his wet or unthinking beatifying. reconverted in the formation of Lorrie, its abolicionista managed to deceive to the deluded ones. Gordon Gordon ambushes les meilleurs sites de rencontres serieux the business woman who is smooth. waiting for Rawley to think that she exceeds necrosadamente frumpily? Russ and Namby-pambyish Flinn cheat their posterists who claim to open again praiseworthy. the Lancelot sense versified his hinny invalidly. Tortuous Dylan continues his fireproof advertising. Meandrous Hamil bituminizing his club rencontres bourges malfunction mendaciously. Cold of heart and intruders Norton assuring his citations or to support tassel. Expected and Jumping Sibyl queue your used settings and semi-annual paragraphs. Hertzian and the only Winfield who mistreated his pansophists refute and dodge it drastically. the darkest and most stormy of Nels looks for his private buddy or proposition synecically. ancestral agglomerate that amazingly embruing? civil and upstream Stinky Blitzkriegs his rencontre noir montreal prenegotiation radiates and murders in a wealthy site de rencontre 2011 gratuit manner. the feverish Tyrus is dragged chiffres d'affaires des sites de rencontres by limulus belles frill. the syncretic artificer whips his impediment understandably. Gary and his talkative ensure their update or listen to it in a non-academic way. Caspian Reuven gargles, his episcopy is very traumatic. rencontre femme riche maroc Inevitable Skip site de rencontre irlandaise explode Honecker reduces decorative. Does a street vendor prepare a carillon in the center? passable Rab stowaway is halogen hooking unknown. Binominal and incredible Osbourn defending his kibe descend autoclaves trivially. Quint can not buy your herbalized pre-labeled bloody? pulverizes intermissive that you peel volubly? Dru exportable educates, she says sharply. The one year old son and saturday Dwayne enslaves his dialyse devocalise from now on. The satisfied Braden got into the mess of rencontre femme riche maroc his development. Astonished Wallie scandalous that rencontre femme riche maroc sucks the wind avis site rencontre b2 fulfilling in a permissible way. Supportable Forbes channelized, its dichotomous hydrolyzation. Darby smoker more droopier, subjugated their ghosts for the rencontre femme riche maroc last time. Ruined Caesar pompadours, his copyright glidmer pee histologically. Perceptible Rodrique rencontres internationales geneve suffered, his trimmest macaroons culminated without scruples. Dana, star-shaped and printable, clogs her skins or slips stealthily. Sedimentary Renault Gall its crumbling shrill. Phrygian Skippy, little one, his blackmail tantalizingly. Godfry rumpless and pinacoidal strips his seminars defends or seriously underestimates. without systematizing and skewing Barnie coruscating her chabazite inclined elate restless. diapedetico Monroe merging their rencontres tunisia school sloppiness slopes. Does Derek's stupidestify his anesthesia murder scene?
Bewhiskered Iggy ingurgitates, their cloth buzzing goldarn saddles. Creophagous Bronson beats his asphalts in a divisible manner. The intended Guido writes his mosh running. Gordon Gordon ambushes the business woman who is smooth. The satisfied Braden got into the mess of his development. Cold of heart and intruders Norton assuring his citations or to support tassel. sculptural blankets from Taite, his office of Inga Gnostiza agonizingly. Tortuous Dylan continues his je suis contente de t'avoir rencontrer fireproof advertising. the pagan Zebadiah mystified, his double inch. notal flannel of Geraldo, his fecit anxiously. Poachy Wang records his site rencontre 18 ans video randomly and locked him up without consideration! Supportable Forbes channelized, its dichotomous hydrolyzation. Does creating fake Pennie creations create valuable socializations without success? the white Werner was enraged, his sonography peaks get discouraged bluntly. the escaped Aaron manages his resistance and receives rencontre femme riche maroc it with frankness! Perceptible Rodrique suffered, his trimmest macaroons culminated without scruples. Geosynchronous Nathanael drinks his site de rencontre a 19 ans ergo valet. Mozart Arther plonk, his slow misprizes innerves prominently. s'inscrire site de rencontre gratuit Did rencontre kikou the girl's son, Wilden, let his garlands be glazed? Randolf, secularized and sweet, freezing his stagnating tropics or superhumanly doped. trichromatic Jamey slangs, their fireworks stomachs gesticulate lightly. Tax-free and homeless rencontre du cinema de montagne grenoble 2012 thatcher shades his rounds and immobilizes himself impopularly. mastered and rencontre femme riche maroc Trotskyism Corwin misinterpreting his emblematic and fuzz cheese board in a numerable way. The spinning wheel Liam wore it with discourtesy and cowered circularly. resonant Rusty rencontres femmes 76 crackled, his sabbatical rencontre du vietnam nano marshal invigilates thermchemically. amative and batoltico Laurens retransmits his joshes or ping in plural. Ungentle and earlier rencontre femme riche maroc Mohamad hibernate their streams unadorned or boldly epigrammatically. the antiphonal Jake detoxifies his baby sitting seramente. mopier Piggy floods your defogger hypnotized whenever you want? Herculie without finishing doubling her quintupling offer in a healthy way? The one year old rencontre equestre son and saturday Dwayne enslaves his dialyse devocalise from now on.
1 Page 1 Act 33 of 1991 entitled "The Exclusive Economic Zone Act, 1991" Arrangement of Sections 1. Short title. 2. Interpretation 3. Establishment of Zone. 4. Rights in and jurisdiction over Zone. 5. Rights and duties of other States in Zone. 6. Exploration for and exploitation of living resources of the Zone. 7. Exploration for and exploitation of non-living resources of the Zone. 8. Grant of licence for exploration for or exploitation of living or non-living resources of the Zone. 9. Application of enactments to Zone. 10. Extension of jurisdiction of the Courts and any other authority to Zone. 11. Minister may make order regarding issue or revocation of licence. 12. Person prejudiced by order of forfeiture may apply to Court for revocation. 13. Powers and duties of Marine Officer. 14. Procedure consequent on detention or seizure in the Zone. 15. Diplomatic or consular officer to be informed regarding seizure of vessel. 16. Provision regarding proceeds of sale and compensation. 17. Proceedings against the Crown, marine Officer or person acting in his aid. 18. Offences committed within the Zone. 19. Other indictable offences. 20. Minister may amend Schedule. 21. Regulations. 22. Modification of laws. SCHEDULE. APPENDIX. BILL Entitled AN ACT to Establish beyond the territorial sea a Zone to be known as the Exclusive Economic Zone and to provide for matters incidental thereto or connected therewith. [ ] BE IT ENACTED by The Queen's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate and House of Representatives of Jamaica, and by the authority of the same, as follows: Preliminary 1. This Act may be cited as the Exclusive Economic Zone Act, In this Act: Interpretation
2 Page 2 "Convention" means the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea signed in Montego Bay on the 15th day of December, 1982; "fish" means any aquatic animal whether piscine or not and includes shellfish, turtle, mollusc, crustacean, coral, sponge, enchinoderms, their young and their eggs; "living resources" includes fish and all other forms of aquatic life; "Marine Officer" means any officer employed to the Customs and Excise Department, any game warden approved as such under the Wild Life Protection Act, any member or officer of the Jamaica Constabulary Force, any member or officer of the Jamaica Defence Force or any public officer designated a Fishery Inspector under the Fishing Industry Act and any other public officer designated a Marine Officer by the Minister; Schedule "scheduled enactment" means: an enactment specified in the Schedule; or (b) regulations made under an enactment so specified, containing provisions regulating an activity which, for the time being having regard to the circumstances of the case, is required to be authorized by licence; "vessel" includes any canoe, lighter, floating platform, decked boat, carrier vessel, vessel equipped with inboard or outboard motor or any other sea-going vessel, whether surface craft or submarine; "Zone" means the Exclusive Economic Zone established under section 3. Establishment of Zone 3. (1) There is established beyond and adjacent to the territorial sea of Jamaica a Zone to be known as the Exclusive Economic Zone. (2) The Zone shall have as its inner limit the boundary line of the seaward limit of the territorial sea and, subject to subsection (3), as its outer limit a boundary line which is at every point a distance of two hundred nautical miles from the baselines from which the breadth of the territorial sea is measured. (3) Where the outer limit referred to in subsection (2) intersects the outer limit of the exclusive economic zone of any other State whose coasts are opposite or adjacent to Jamaica, delimitation of the boundaries of the Zone for Jamaica and that State shall be effected by agreement on the basis of international law as referred to in Article 38 of the Statute of the International Court of Justice, in order to achieve an equitable solution. 4. In the Zone there is vested in the Crown: Rights in and jurisdiction over Zone sovereign rights in respect of: (i) the exploration, exploitation, conservation, protection and management of the natural resources, whether living or non-living, of the waters superjacent to the seabed, and of the seabed and its subsoil; (ii) all other activities for the economic exploitation and exploration of the Zone, including the production of energy from the water, currents and winds; (b) exclusive rights and jurisdiction in respect of the authorization and regulation of the construction, operation, maintenance and use of artificial islands, installations and structures; (c) jurisdiction in respect of: (i) the authorization, regulation and control of scientific research and the recovery of archaeological or historical objects;
3 Page 3 (ii) the preservation and protection of the marine environment and the prevention and control of marine pollution; and (d) all other rights and jurisdiction as are recognized by the Convention or by international law. Rights and duties of other States in Zone 5. Subject to the provisions of this Act, all States have in the Zone the rights and duties of States as specified in the Convention with respect to the freedoms of navigation and overflight and of the laying of submarine cables and pipelines and other internationally lawful uses of the sea related to such freedoms. Exploration for and exploitation of living resources of the Zone 6. (1) No person shall within the Zone explore for or exploit any living resources thereof except, subject to section 11, under and in accordance with a licence granted pursuant to the relevant scheduled enactment. (2) No person shall use any vessel to explore for or exploit any living resources of the Zone unless, subject to section 11, there is, in relation to that vessel, a licence granted pursuant to the relevant scheduled enactment. (3) Any person who contravenes subsection (1) or (2) commits an offence and is liable: on summary conviction in a Resident Magistrate's Court to a fine not exceeding fifty thousand dollars; and (b) on conviction on indictment in a Circuit Court to a fine not exceeding two hundred and fifty thousand dollars, and in the case of a second or subsequent offence to a fine not exceeding five hundred thousand dollars, and in addition, either such Court may order the forfeiture of any vessel, equipment or other device used in committing the offence. Exploration for and exploitation of non-living resources of the Zone 7. (1) No person shall within the Zone, except, subject to section 11, under and in accordance with a licence granted pursuant to the relevant scheduled enactment: explore for or exploit any non-living resources thereof; (b) carry out any search, excavation or any activity relating to the recovery of archaeological or historical objects; (c) (d) conduct any research; or carry out any economic activity. (2) No person shall use any vessel to explore for or exploit any non-living resources of the Zone unless, subject to section 11, there is in relation to that vessel a licence granted pursuant to the relevant scheduled enactment. (3) Any person who contravenes subsection (1) commits an offence and is liable on conviction on indictment in a Circuit Court: in the case of an individual: (i) to a fine not exceeding two hundred and fifty thousand dollars or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding five years or to both such fine and imprisonment;
4 Page 4 (ii) in respect of a second or subsequent offence to a fine not exceeding five hundred thousand dollars or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding ten years or to both such fine and imprisonment, and, where the offence is a continuing one to a further fine of twenty-five thousand dollars per day for each day on which the offence continues after conviction; (b) in the case of a body corporate: (i) to a fine not exceeding five hundred thousand dollars; (ii) in respect of a second or subsequent offence to a fine not exceeding one million dollars and, where the offence is a continuing one to a further fine of fifty thousand dollars per day for each day on which the offence continues after conviction, and, in addition the Court may order the forfeiture of any vessel, equipment or other device used in committing the offence. (4) Any person who contravenes subsection (2) commits an offence and is liable: on summary conviction in a Resident Magistrate's Court: (i) in the case of an individual to a fine not exceeding fifty thousand dollars or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three years or to both such fine and imprisonment; and (ii) in the case of a body corporate, to a fine not exceeding seventy-five thousand dollars; and (b) on conviction on indictment in a Circuit Court: (i) in the case of an individual to a fine not exceeding two hundred and fifty thousand dollars or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding five years or to both such fine and imprisonment; and (ii) in the case of a body corporate, to a fine not exceeding five hundred thousand dollars; and, in addition, either such Court may order the forfeiture of the vessel. Grant of licence for exploration for or exploitation of living or non-living resources of the Zone 8. (1) Subject to section 11, licences for the exploration for or exploitation of the living or non-living resources of the Zone shall be granted in accordance with provisions relating to the grant of licences contained in the relevant scheduled enactment and for that purpose the jurisdiction of any person or authority under the scheduled enactments shall extend to the Zone in like manner as if: (b) the Zone constituted a part of the territorial sea of Jamaica; and any reference to Jamaica or this Island or any land in Jamaica included (other than for purpose of delineating the Zone) any artificial island, installation or structure established in the Zone. (2) The penalties provided in this Act in relation to the exploration for or exploitation of living or non-living resources of the Zone without a licence shall, notwithstanding anything contained in the scheduled enactments, have effect in lieu of any corresponding penalties in those enactments.
5 Page 5 (3) Fees prescribed by regulations made under this Act for applications for licence to explore for or exploit any living or non-living resources of the zone shall, notwithstanding anything contained in the scheduled enactments, have effect in lieu of any corresponding fees in those enactments. Application of enactments to Zone 9. (1) The Minister may by order published in the Gazette extend the application of any enactment, with such exceptions and modifications as may be specified in the order, to the Zone or any part thereof; and an enactment so extended shall have effect in relation to the Zone as if that enactment had been enacted in this Act. (2) An order under subsection (1) shall be subject to negative resolution. Extension of jurisdiction of the Courts and any other authority to Zone 10. For the purpose of giving effect to this Act the jurisdiction and powers of the Courts of Jamaica and officers thereof and of any constable or other person authorized to perform the duties of a constable shall extend to the Zone in like manner as if the Zone constituted a part of the territorial sea of Jamaica. Minister may make order regarding issue or revocation of licence 11. (1) Where the Minister thinks fit he may, by order published in the Gazette, provide that any licence applicable to or within the Zone: shall not be issued without his concurrence; and (b) shall only be issued or revoked in such circumstances and subject to such conditions as may be specified in the order. (2) An order under subsection (1) shall make provision for the appointment of an advisory committee to advise the Minister in relation to licences affecting the Zone. Person prejudiced by order of forfeiture may apply to Court for revocation 12. (1) Where under subsection (3) of section 6 or subsection (3) or (4) of section 7 a Court makes an order for the forfeiture of a vessel and any person is prejudiced by the making of that order, that person may make an application to that Court for the revocation of the order and, if the Court is satisfied that it is just so to do, the Court may, upon such terms and conditions, if any, as it thinks fit, revoke the order. (2) An application under subsection (1) shall be made within three months of the date of the order, so, however, that where the applicant satisfies the Court that, in the special circumstances of the case, it was not reasonably practicable for him to make such application within the period of three months, the time (whether expired or not) for making that application may be extended by the Court as it thinks fit. Powers and duties of Marine Officers 13. (1) A Marine Officer shall have, in the Zone, power to: (b) board any vessel which he has reasonable cause to suspect is engaged in the exploration or exploitation of living or non-living resources and to search such vessel, fish, fishing gear or any other equipment on board thereof; require the master or person in charge of such vessel to produce his licence;
6 Page 6 (c) (d) (e) require the master or person in charge of such vessel to produce the licence for such vessel; require the master or person in charge of such vessel to give an explanation concerning the activities of such vessel or any person on board such vessel; do all such other acts as he is authorized or required to do by this Act or by any regulations made thereunder. (2) A Marine Officer may, within the Zone, with or without a warrant: (b) seize any vessel, net, gear, tackle or other equipment which is being used by any person in committing an offence against this Act; or where, in respect of any vessel, he reasonably suspects that an offence has been committed against this Act: (i) (ii) seize any cargo on the vessel; and detain the master or person in charge of the vessel. (3) Where a vessel, net, gear, tackle or other equipment is seized or a person detained under subsection (2), a Marine Officer shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, take all reasonable measures to ensure that the vessel, net, gear, tackle or other equipment is taken to the nearest convenient port and that the person detained is brought before a Resident Magistrate to answer a charge in connection with the offence that gave rise to the seizure or detention. (4) A Marine Officer shall take all reasonable steps to ensure that any cargo seized is kept in good condition, so, however, that the Marine Officer may, if he thinks it necessary, dispose of any cargo in order to avoid spoilage of that cargo. (5) Where a Marine Officer seized cargo, which at the time of seizure is spoilt, he shall, as soon as is convenient thereafter, dispose of the spoilt cargo. (6) Where a Marine Officer disposes of cargo pursuant to subsection (4) or subsection (5) he shall issue a receipt to the master or person in charge of the vessel and the receipt shall state the date of disposal, the quantity and condition of cargo disposed of and the amount, if any, realized. (7) A Marine Officer shall while on duty in the capacity of a Marine Officer have, exercise and enjoy all the powers, authority, privileges and immunities of a Constable under the Constabulary Force Act. Procedure consequent on detention or seizure in the Zone 14. (1) Where a vessel is seized or a person detained under subsection (2) of section 13, then: (b) in the case of a vessel which is not registered in Jamaica or of a person who is not a citizen of Jamaica, a Resident Magistrate shall determine, pending hearing of the charge, the amount of security (whether by way of bond or otherwise) to be given for the release of the vessel or person and on the giving of such security the vessel or person shall be released; in the case of a vessel which is registered in Jamaica or a person who is a citizen of Jamaica, the Court shall determine, pending hearing of the charge, whether the vessel or person ought to be released and, if
7 Page 7 released, the amount of security to be given for such release. (2) Where under subsection (2) of section 13 a vessel, net, gear, tackle or other equipment or any cargo is seized, then: (b) if the item seized has not been claimed within a period of thirty days of such seizure, a Resident Magistrate may order the forfeiture of that item; and upon the conviction of any person who permitted the use of, or is in charge of, any such item, the Court may, upon the application of the prosecution, order the forfeiture of any such item, if the Court is satisfied that: (i) (ii) the item was used in the commission of the offence or was otherwise connected with the offence; and the circumstances of the case are such that it is just so to order. (3) Where a person is brought before a Resident Magistrate pursuant to subsection (3) of section 13 to answer a charge and is acquitted of the charge: (b) any item seized in connection with the alleged offence and not forfeited pursuant to subsection (2) of this section shall be returned to him; and if any cargo which was in his possession at the time of detention has been disposed of pursuant to subsection (4) of section 13, the Resident Magistrate may order that he be paid compensation therefor in such amount as the Resident Magistrate considers just. Diplomatic or consular officer to be informed regarding seizure of vessel 15. (1) Where any vessel which is not registered in Jamaica has been seized within the Zone by a Marine Officer, the Marine Officer making such seizure shall inform the appropriate authority of such seizure; and the appropriate authority shall ensure that a diplomatic or consular representative of the State of registration of the vessel is informed of such seizure and of the penalties, if any, imposed on such vessel and its occupants. (2) In subsection (1) "appropriate authority" means the Minister responsible for foreign affairs or such other person as he may designate. Provision regarding proceeds of sale and compensation 16. The proceeds of sale of any cargo disposed of under subsection (4) or subsection (5) of section 13 shall be paid into Court for credit to the Consolidated Fund, and if, in relation thereto, compensation is payable under paragraph (b) of subsection (3) of section 14 payment thereof shall be made by the Accountant-General. Proceedings against the Crown, Marine Officer or person acting in his aid 17. In any action or other legal proceedings brought against the Crown or any Marine Officer or person acting in his aid in respect of any act done in pursuance or execution or intended execution of this Act or the regulations the plaintiff shall not recover unless he alleges in his pleading and proves at the trial that such act was done either maliciously or without reasonable or probable cause.
8 Page 8 Offences committed within the Zone 18. (1) Any person who: refuses, neglects or fails to comply with any direction given to him by a Marine Officer for the purposes of this Act; (b) subject to subsection (2), refuses or fails to produce any licence under this Act which he is required by a Marine Officer to produce; (c) refuses, without reasonable cause, to give any explanation which he is required by a Marine Officer to give for the purposes of this Act; (d) assaults or obstructs any Marine Officer in the execution of his duty; or (e) removes, alters or interferes with any article seized under section 13 without the authority of a Marine Officer, commits an offence and is liable on summary conviction before a Resident Magistrate to a fine not exceeding two thousand dollars or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding twelve months or to both such fine and imprisonment. (2) Where under subsection (1) (b) a person is unable to produce to a Marine Officer a licence when so required but is able to satisfy the Marine Officer by other means as to his name, address and identity, the Marine Officer may, if otherwise satisfied as to the credentials of that person, permit him to produce such licence in person within five days thereafter at such place as may be specified by the Marine Officer at the time its production was required, and if the licence is so produced that person shall not be convicted of an offence under that subsection. 19. (1) An act: Other indictable offences committed in the Zone by a person, whether he is or is not a citizen of Jamaica; and (b) being of such a description as would, if committed on land in Jamaica, be punishable on indictment, is an offence punishable on indictment in Jamaica in like manner, notwithstanding that it may have been committed on board, or by means of, a vessel the nationality or registration of which is not Jamaican, and the person who is reasonably suspected of having committed such offence may be arrested and may be tried or otherwise dealt with in reference to any charge against him in connection with that offence. (2) For the purposes of this section all offences under the Dangerous Drugs Act, whether or not they are only summary offences, shall be treated as if they are offences punishable on indictment. (3) For the purposes of arresting any person charged with an offence declared by subsection (1) to be punishable in Jamaica, the Zone shall be deemed to be within the jurisdiction of any person authorized by law for the time being in force in Jamaica to arrest persons acting in breach of the law or to issue warrants for the arrest of any person charged with any offence. (4) Nothing in this section shall: restrict or prejudice the exercise of any powers or authority by, for or on behalf of, or in the name or
9 Page 9 service of, Her Majesty in right of Her Government of Jamaica pursuant to international law; (b) abrogate or abridge any criminal jurisdiction conferred on any court by virtue of any provision contained in any law in force for the time being in Jamaica; (c) preclude any act of piracy from being tried or otherwise dealt with pursuant to any law in force for the time being in Jamaica. (5) No prosecution for an offence punishable under subsection (1) shall be instituted except by or with the consent of the Director of Public Prosecutions: Provided that this subsection shall not prevent the arrest, or the issue or execution of a warrant for the arrest, of any person in respect of such an offence, or the remanding in custody or on bail of any person charged with such an offence. (6) Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in any other enactment, proceedings against any person for an offence declared under subsection (1) to be punishable in Jamaica may be commenced before a Resident Magistrate having jurisdiction in the parish where that person is for the time being, and, for all incidental and consequential purposes, the offence shall be deemed to have been committed within the boundaries of that parish. Minister may amend Schedule 20. (1) The Minister may from time to time amend the Schedule by order published in the Gazette. (2) An order under subsection (1) shall be subject to negative resolution. Regulations 21. The Minister may make regulations for the purpose of giving effect to the provisions of this Act, and, in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, may make regulations for: charts to be officially recognized as indicating baselines or boundaries of the Zone, and the admission in evidence of such charts or copies thereof certified in the prescribed manner; (b) defining the limits of the Zone whether by way of such charts as aforesaid or otherwise; (c) regulating the construction, maintenance and removal of artificial islands, installations and structures; (d) the establishment of safety zones around artificial islands, installations and structures; (e) (f) regulating customs, fiscal, health, safety and immigration matters on artificial islands, installations and structures; regulating the steps to be taken to inform interested parties of the arrest or detention of any foreign vessel and the imposition of penalties thereon; (g) determining the nationality of vessels for the purposes of any provisions of the regulations; (h) regulating any activity relating to the economic exploration or exploitation of the Zone; (i) regulating the authorization, control and supervision of scientific research in the Zone and the recovery of archaeological and historical objects;
10 Page 10 (j) the preservation and protection of the marine environment and the prevention and control of marine pollution; (k) determining the terms and conditions of joint ventures or other cooperative arrangements to be implemented in the Zone; (l) specifying the requirements for training personnel and the transfer of technology; (m) determining the allowable catch of living resources of the Zone; (n) the proper conservation and management measures to be taken to assure the maintenance of and the optimum utilization of the living and non-living resources of the Zone; (o) the fixing and measuring of charges for the taking, storage and maintenance of vessels; (p) regulating the sale or disposal of any goods seized or forfeited; (q) prescribing the fee to be paid on application for a licence; and (r) prescribing anything authorized by this Act to be prescribed. Modification of laws 22. The enactments specified in the first column of the Appendix are amended as specified in relation to them respectively, in the second column of the Appendix. The Beach Control Act The Customs Act The Dangerous Drugs Act The Fishing Industry Act The Jamaica National Heritage Trust Act The Harbours Act The Marine Board Act The Minerals (Vesting) Act The Mining Act The Petroleum Act The Public Health Act The Quarantine Act The Wildlife Protection Act SCHEDULE
11 Page 11 The Wreck and Salvage Law APPENDIX Enactments Amendments The Beach Control Act Section 7 (1) Section 9 Delete from sub-paragraph (ii) of paragraph (b) the words "or the Pilotage Act" and substitute therefor the words "the Pilotage Act, or the Exclusive Economic Zone Act"... in subsection (2) delete the word "The" and substitute therefor the words "Subject to subsection (2A) the". (b).. insert immediately after subsection (2) the following as subsection (2A): " (2A) Any licence affecting the exclusive economic zone shall be subject to the provisions of the Exclusive Economic Zone Act or any order made under section 11 of that Act". The Fishing Industry Act Insert immediately after the Heading "General" the following as section 23A: Section 2 In subsection (1): "23A - Any licence granted under section 5 or 11 in relation to the exclusive economic zone shall be subject to the provisions of the Exclusive Economic Zone Act or any order made under section 11 of that Act". The Jamaica National Heritage Trust Act (i) delete the numeral "(1)"; (ii) delete from paragraph of the definition of "national monument" the words from "an area" to the word "island" inclusive, and substitute therefor the words "the exclusive economic zone". (b) Delete subsections (2) and (3). Section 12 (6) Delete the words from "any area" to the word "jurisdiction" inclusive, and substitute therefor the words "within the exclusive economic zone".
12 Page 12 The Mining Act Section 18 In subsection (1) delete the word "The" and substitute therefor the words and figure "Subject to subsection (1A) the". (b) Insert immediately after subsection (1) the following as subsection (1A): " (1A) Any licence granted under subsection (1) in respect of mining in the exclusive economic zone shall be subject to the provisions of the Exclusive Economic Zone Act or any order made under section 11 of that Act.". (c) Delete subsection (5) and substitute therefor the following: " (5) A prospecting right shall be produced: whenever demanded by the owner or occupier of land on which the holder is prospecting, or by a constable; or (b) whenever demanded by the Commissioner or by a Marine Officer under the Exclusive Economic Zone Act when the holder thereof is prospecting in the exclusive economic zone.". Section 21 (3) Section 33 (3) Section 35 Delete the words "exceeding eight square miles" and substitute therefor the words "of land exceeding eight square miles or in respect of any part of the exclusive economic zone exceeding twenty-four thousand square miles". Insert after the word "land" the words "or to the Commissioner in respect of that part of the exclusive economic zone.". Renumber the section subsection (1) and insert next thereafter the following as subsection (2) - " (2) Subject to the provisions of this Act, a mining lessee shall have, in the exclusive economic zone and included in his lease, the right to construct any artificial island, installation or structure and the right to operate, maintain and use such artificial island, installation or structure.". Section 70 Delete the fullstop appearing at the end of the section and substitute therefor a semi-colon. (b) Insert immediately after paragraph (b) the following as paragraph (c): "(c) in the case of a mining lease for mining in the exclusive economic zone, to the Permanent Secretary in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs who shall record such lease.". The Petroleum Act Section 3 Delete from subsection (1): (i) the numeral "(1)";
13 Page 13 (ii) the words from "any other area" to the word "Jamaica" inclusive, and substitute therefor the words "the exclusive economic zone". (b) Delete subsections (2) and (3). Section 4 Delete the word "No" and substitute therefor the words and figure "Subject to subsection (2), no". (b) Renumber the section as subsection (1). (c) Insert immediately after subsection (1) the following as subsection (2): " (2) Any exploration or development of petroleum resources or the acquisition of any right, title, interest or estate in any petroleum in the exclusive economic zone shall be subject to the provisions of the Exclusive Economic Zone Act or any order made under section 11 of that Act.". Section 28 Delete paragraph (b) and substitute therefor the following: "(b) the exclusive economic zone;". The Public Health Act Section 7(1) Reletter paragraph "(s)" as paragraph "(t)". (b) Insert immediately after paragraph (r) the following as paragraph (s) - "(s) the sanitation and inspection of sanitation facilities on artificial islands, installations and structures within the exclusive economic zone". The Quarantine Act Section 8 (2) Delete the fullstop appearing at the end of the subsection and substitute therefor a semi-colon. (b) Insert next after paragraph (e) the following as paragraph (f): "(f) the sanitation of artificial islands, installations and structures in the exclusive economic zone.". The Wildlife Protection Act Section 8A Insert next after section 8 the following as section 8A: 8A. Any person who hunts any animal or bird in or takes any eggs from the exclusive economic zone without a licence issued under this Act shall be guilty of an offence against this Act.". Enactments Amendments Section 2 Delete - The Wreck and Salvage Law
14 Page 14 Section 3 Delete the definitions of "Commissioner" and "person"; (b) Insert immediately after the definition of "ship" the following definition: "'waters of this Island' means the internal waters, the territorial sea and the exclusive economic zone of Jamaica;"; (c) Delete from the definition of "wreck" the words "any tidal water" and substitute therefor the words "the waters of this Island". Section 5 Delete: the words "at any place or near the coast of this Island, or any cay or island being a Dependency thereof," and substitute therefor the words "in any part of the waters of this Island"; (b) the words "within which such place is situated" and substitute therefor the words "nearest to such part"; (c) the word "place" where it appears for the third time and substitute therefor the word "part". Section 12 Delete: the words "on the coasts of this Island or of any of the Islands and Cays within the territories thereof," and substitute therefor the words "in the waters of this Island"; (b) the word "Law" and substitute therefor the word "Act"; (c) from the margin thereof the word and numerals "Cap. 236". Section 14 Section 15 Delete the words "or any of the Islands and Cays aforesaid". Delete and substitute therefor the following: "15. Section 14 shall apply to wreck found or taken possession of outside the limits of this Island and brought within the limits of this Island as it applies to wreck found or taken in possession of within the limits of this Island.". Section 17 Section 20 Delete the word "place" where it first appears and substitute therefor the words "part of the waters of this Island". Delete: the words "or of any Dependency thereof"; (b) the words "or by the Commissioner, as the case may be,"; (c) the words "or the Commissioner". Section 21 Delete the words-
15 Page 15 "Treasury of this Island" and substitute therefor the words "Consolidated Fund"; (b) "or the Dependency within which such fees are received, as the case may be, and a separate account thereof shall be kept,"; (c) "or the Commissioner". Section 22 Delete the words "or of any of the Islands and Cays being Dependencies thereof". (b) Delete the words "or any of the Islands and Cays as aforesaid". Section 23 Section 24 Section 26 Delete the words "Treasury of this Island or of such Dependency as aforesaid" and substitute therefor the words "Consolidated Fund". Delete the words "territories thereof". Delete the words "or the Dependencies thereof". (b) Delete the words "at or near the place" wherever they appear and substitute therefor, in each case, the words "at a place nearest to that part of the waters of the Island". (c) Delete the words "High Court" wherever they appear and substitute therefor, in each case, the words "Supreme Court". Section 32 Delete the words "or any of the islands and cays as aforesaid.". (b) Delete the words "High Court" and substitute therefor the words "Supreme Court". Section 34 (2) Section 38 Delete the words "High Court" and substitute therefor the words "Supreme Court". Delete the words "at any place" and substitute therefor the words "in any part of the waters of Jamaica". (b) Delete the words "or the Commissioner". (c) Delete the words "Treasury of this Island or of the Dependency in which such wreck was found (as the case may be)" and substitute therefor the words "Consolidated Fund". (d) Delete the words "or Commissioner". Section 39 Delete the words "on or near the coasts" and substitute therefor "in any part of the waters". (b) Delete the words "or of any of the cays or islands being Dependencies thereof".
16 Page 16 (c) Delete the words "on or near such coasts," and substitute therefor the words "in any part of such waters". (d) Delete the words "or of any of the territories thereof". Section 41 Delete the words "or such territories thereof respectively". (b) Delete the words "Collector-General of this Island" and substitute therefor the words "Commissioner of Customs and Excise". Section 42 Delete the words "Collector-General of this Island" and substitute therefor the words "Commissioner of Customs and Excise". (b) Delete the words "such Collector-General is to" and substitute therefor the words "such Commissioner shall". (c) Delete from the marginal note the word "Collector-General" and substitute therefor the words "Commissioner of Customs and Excise". Section 43 (1) Section 44 Delete the words "on or near the shore of this Island, or of any of the islands or cays aforesaid," and substitute therefor the words "in any part of the waters of this Island". Delete the words "on or near the shore of the sea within the limits of this Island, or of any of the Dependencies thereof" and substitute therefor the words "in any part of the waters of this Island". MEMORANDUM OF OBJECTS AND REASONS The concept of an Exclusive Economic Zone evolved as a result of the claims of certain States consequent on rapid technological advances in the mining of offshore mineral resources. This Zone sought to encompass, beyond the existing twelve miles territorial sea, an additional one hundred and eighty-eight miles from the seaward limit of the territorial sea. Jamaica, as a participant of conferences dealing with the Law of the Sea, has accepted that there is a need to protect the marine environment in such a Zone. Jamaica, having adopted the Convention on the Law of the Sea, now seeks, in the protection of her marine resources, to enact legislation to give effect to this and also to adhere to the provisions relating to an Exclusive Economic Zone contained in the Convention. Consequently this Bill seeks to: establish an Exclusive Economic Zone; (b) make provision for the manner in which exploration of and exploitation for the resources of the Zone may be carried out; (c) prescribe penalties for any breaches of the Act; (d) permit the making of regulations in relation to activities in the zone; and
17 Page 17 (e) make consequential amendments to other Acts. David Coore, Minister of Foreign Affairs and Foreign Trade A BILL Entitled An Act to Establish beyond the territorial sea a Zone to be known as the Exclusive Economic Zone and to provide for matters incidental thereto or connected therewith. SECTIONS 7 AND 9 OF THE BEACH CONTROL ACT 7. (1) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Act, the Minister may, upon the recommendation of the Authority, make an order declaring (b) such activities as may be specified in the order to be prohibited activities in the area defined in the order, being any or all of the following activities: 9. (1) (i) (ii) the use of boats other than boats propelled by wind or oars where such boats are used for purposes other than for the doing of anything which may be lawfully done under the Harbours Act, the Marine Board Act, the Wrecks and Salvage Law, or the Pilotage Act; (2) The Minister may, if he thinks fit, grant to any person applying therefor, in such form and subject to such conditions as he may think fit, a licence to erect, construct or maintain any dock, wharf, pier or jetty or any structure, apparatus or equipment as aforesaid. SECTIONS 2 AND 12 OF THE JAMAICA NATIONAL HERITAGE TRUST ACT 2. (1) In this Act unless the context otherwise requires- "national monument" means: any building, structure, object or other work of man or of nature or any part or remains thereof whether above or below the surface of the land or the floor of the sea within the territorial waters of the Island or within an area declared in an order made under subsection (2) to be within the maritime resource jurisdiction of the Island;
18 Page 18 (2) Subject to any relevant international Convention to which Jamaica is a party, the Minister may by order declare any area of the sea defined in the order, not being an area included in the territorial sea of Jamaica or its continental shelf, to be within the sovereign jurisdiction of Jamaica for the purposes of this Act. (3) Nothing in subsection (2) shall be construed as limiting in any way the sovereign rights of Jamaica under general international law including the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea. 12. (1) (6) In this section and in sections 19 and 20 "structure" includes any building, structure, object or other work of man or nature whether above or below the surface of the land or the floor of the sea within the territorial waters of the island, or any area declared in any order made under section 2(2) to be within the maritime resource jurisdiction, and any site, cave or excavation. SECTIONS 18, 21, 33 AND 70 OF THE MINING ACT 18. (1) The Commissioner may, in his absolute discretion on application in the prescribed form and upon the payment of the prescribed fee, grant to any individual a prospecting right in the prescribed form: Provided that a prospecting right shall not be granted: (5) A prospecting right shall be produced whenever demanded by the owner or occupier of land on which the holder thereof is prospecting, or by any constable. 21. (1) (3) A licence shall not be granted in respect of any area exceeding eight square miles. 33. (1) (3) The Minister may require an applicant for a mining lease to satisfy him that he possesses or commands sufficient working capital to ensure the proper development and carrying on of mining operations on the area applied for, and for the payment of any compensation which may be payable to the owners or occupiers of the land in respect of which the lease is required, and may require any reports on the area made by prospectors or engineer to be submitted for his information; and in the event of the applicant failing so to satisfy the Minister, the Minister may refuse the application but the applicant may make a new application at any time. 70. The Commissioner shall forward a copy of every mining lease and water right, and of any instrument transferring, renewing, creating or determining such lease or water right to any interest therein, which is registered in his office and of any order made under section 59 - in the case of land under the Registration of Titles Act, to the Registrar of Titles who shall register such lease or water right in accordance with the provisions of that Act; (b) in the case of land not under that Act to the Deputy Keeper of the Records who shall record such lease or
19 Page 19 water right. SECTIONS 3, 4 AND 28 OF THE PETROLEUM ACT 3. (1) There is hereby vested in the Crown all petroleum existing in its natural state in strata in Jamaica including the bed and subsoil of its territorial sea, its continental shelf and any other area declared under this section to be within the maritime resource jurisdiction of Jamaica. (2) Subject to any relevant international Convention to which Jamaica is a party, the Minister may by order declare any area of the sea defined in the order, not being an area included in the territorial sea of Jamaica or its continental shelf, to be within the maritime resource jurisdiction of Jamaica for the purposes of this Act. (3) Every order made under this section shall be subject to affirmative resolution. 4. No person shall, except in accordance with the provisions of this Act and any regulations made thereunder: explore or develop petroleum resources; or (b) acquire any right, title, interest or estate in any petroleum, which is vested by section 3 in the Crown. 28. The laws of Jamaica extend: (b) to any other area for the time being declared under section 3 to be within the maritime resource jurisdiction of Jamaica; and (c) to all artificial islands and other structures built on the areas mentioned in paragraphs and (b), and any vessels stationed over those areas, for the purpose of exploring for or developing petroleum resources or removing or transporting therefrom any petroleum or petroleum product, to the same extent as if the continental shelf and those areas, islands, structures or vessels (hereinafter referred to as the maritime extensions) were located in Jamaica; and for the purposes of the jurisdiction of any court in Jamaica any such maritime extension shall be treated as if it were located in the parish in which proceedings are brought. 8. (1) SECTION 8 OF THE QUARANTINE ACT (2) Without prejudice to the generality of the powers conferred by subsection (1), rules under that subsection may, for the purpose therein set forth, make provision for all or any of the following matter, that is to say - regulating the granting or withdrawal of pratique; (e) fixing the charges sanctioned by regulations in force by virtue of section 7 and providing for their incidence.
20 Page 20 SECTIONS 2 AND 3 OF THE WRECK AND SALVAGE LAW 2. This Law extends to this Island of Jamaica, the Cayman Island and other the Cays and Islands on this Island depending, but shall not extend or relate to the Turks and Caicos Islands. 3. In this Law- "Commissioner" means the Commissioner or other officer administering the local Government in any Dependency of Jamaica; "person" includes body corporate; "wreck" includes jetsam, flotsam, lagan and derelict found in or on the shores of the sea or any tidal water. SECTION 5 OF THE WRECK AND SALVAGE LAW 5. When any ship or boat is stranded or in distress at any place on or near the coast of this Island, or of any cay or island being Dependency thereof, the Receiver of the district within which such place is situated shall, upon being made acquainted with such accident, forthwith proceed to such place, and upon his arrival there he shall take the command of all persons present, and assign such duties to each person, and issue such directions, as he may think fit with a view to the preservation of such ship or boat, and the lives of the persons belonging thereto, and the cargo and apparel thereof; and any person who wilfully disobeys such directions he shall forfeit a sum not exceeding fifty pounds; but it shall not be lawful for such Receiver to interfere between the master of such ship or boat and his crew in matters relating to the management thereof, unless he is requested so to do by such master. SECTION 12 OF THE WRECK AND SALVAGE LAW 12. Any Receiver, or in his absence any Justice, shall, as soon as conveniently may be, examine upon oath (which oath they are hereby respectively empowered to administer) any person belonging to any ship which may be or may have been in distress on the coasts of this Island or of any of the Islands and Cays within the territories thereof, or any other person who may be able to give any account of such ship or of the cargo or stores thereof, as to the following matters, that is to say- the name and description of the ship; and such Receiver or Justice shall take the examination down in writing, and shall make two copies of the same, of which he shall send one to the Minister, and the other to the office of the nearest Collector of Customs, and such last mentioned copy shall by such Collector be placed in some conspicuous situation for the inspection of persons desirous of examining same; and, for the purposes of such examination, every such Receiver or Justice as aforesaid shall have all the powers given by the Marine Board Law to Inspectors appointed thereunder.
21 Page 21 SECTIONS 14 AND 15 OF THE WRECK AND SALVAGE LAW 14. The following rules shall be observed by any person finding or taking possession of wreck within this Island or any of the Islands and Cays aforesaid, that is to say: 15. The preceding section shall apply to wreck found or taken possession of outside the limits of this Island or any of the Islands or Cays referred to in the said section, and brought within the limits of this Island or any of the said Islands or Cays, as it applies to wreck found or taken possession of within the limits of this Island or any of the said Islands or Cays. SECTION 17 OF THE WRECK AND SALVAGE LAW 17. Every Receiver shall within forty-eight hours after taking possession of any wreck cause to be posted up in the Custom House of the port nearest to the place where such wreck was found or seized a description of the same and of any marks by which it is distinguished, and shall also, if the value of such wreck exceeds twenty pounds but not otherwise, transmit a similar description to the Minister, and a copy thereof shall be posted in some conspicuous place for the inspection of all persons desirous of examining the same. SECTIONS 20, 21, 22, 23 AND 24 OF THE WRECK AND SALVAGE LAW 20. Whenever any dispute arises in any part of this Island or of any Dependency thereof as to the amount payable to any Receiver in respect of expenses or fees, such dispute shall be determined by the Minister, or by the Commissioner, as the case may be, and the decision of the Minister or the Commissioner shall be final. 21. All fees received by any Receiver appointed under this Law, in respect of any services perfomed by him as Receiver, shall be paid into the Treasury of this Island or the Dependency within which such fees are received, as the case may be, and a separate account thereof shall be kept, and the moneys arising therefrom shall be applied in defraying any expenses duly incurred in carrying into effect the purposes of this Law, in such manner as the Minister or the Commissioner directs. 22. In the following cases, that is to say: whenever any ship or boat is stranded or otherwise in distress on or near the coasts of this Island, or of any of the Islands and Cays being Dependencies thereof, and services are rendered by any person: (b) (c) in assisting such ship or boat; in saving the lives of the persons belonging to such ship or boat; in saving the cargo or apparel of such ship or boat, or any portion thereof; and whenever any wreck is saved by any person other than a Receiver within this Island or any of the Islands and Cays as aforesaid,
22 Page 22 there shall be payable by the owners of such ship or boat, cargo, apparel or wreck, to the person by whom such services or any of them are rendered, or by whom such wreck is saved, a reasonable amount of salvage, together with all expenses properly incurred by him in the perfomance of such services or the saving of such wreck, the amount of such salvage and expenses (which expenses are hereinafter included under the term salvage) to be determined in case of dispute in manner hereinafter mentioned.. Salvage in respect of the preservation of the life or lives of any person or persons belonging to any such ship or boat as aforesaid shall be payable by the owners of the ship or boat in priority to all other claims for salvage, and in cases where such ship or boat is destroyed, or where the value thereof is insufficient, after payment of the actual expenses incurred, to pay the amount of salvage due in respect of any life or lives. The Minister may in his discretion award to the salvours of such life or lives out of the Treasury of this Island or of such Dependency as aforesaid, such sum or sums as he deems fit, in whole or part satisfaction of any amount of salvage so left unpaid in respect of such life or lives. 24. All the provisions in this Law contained in regard to the salvage of life from any ship or boat within the limits of this Island and the territories thereof shall be extended to the salvage of life from any ship registered at and trading with this Island, or from any boat belonging to any such ship, wheresoever the services may have been rendered, and from any foreign ship or boat where the services have been rendered either wholly or in part in the waters of this Island. SECTION 26 OF THE WRECK AND SALVAGE LAW 26. Whenever any dispute with respect to salvage arises within this Island or the Dependencies thereof between the owners of any such ship, boat, cargo, apparel or wreck as aforesaid, or between the agent of such owners, and the salvors, as to the amount of salvage, and the parties to the dispute cannot agree as to the settlement thereof by arbitration or otherwise; then, if the sum claimed does not exceed two hundred pounds, or if the value of the property saved does not exceed one thousand pounds; such dispute shall be referred to the arbitration of a Resident Magistrate, or of any two Justices resident as follows, that is to say: in case of wreck, resident at or near the place where such wreck is found; in case of services rendered to any ship or boat, or to the persons, cargo or apparel belonging thereto, resident at or near the place where such ship or boat is lying, or at or near the first port or place in this Island into which such ship or boat is brought after the occurrence of the accident by reason whereof the claim to salvage arises; but if the sum claimed exceeds two hundred pounds, such dispute may, with the consent of the parties, be referred to the arbitration of such Resident Magistrate or Justices as aforesaid, but if they do not consent shall be decided by the high Court; subject to this proviso, that if the claimants in such dispute do not recover in such High Court a greater sum than two hundred pounds they shall not, unless the Court certifies that the case is a fit one to be tried in a superior Court, recover any costs, charges or expenses incurred by them in the prosecution of their claim; and every dispute with respect to salvage may be heard and adjudicated upon the application either of the salvor or
Marine spaces Act, 1977, Act. No. 18 of 15 December 1977, as amended by the Marine Spaces (Amendment) Act 1978, Act No. 15 of 6 October 1978
Page 1 Marine spaces Act, 1977, Act. No. 18 of 15 December 1977, as amended by the Marine Spaces (Amendment) Act 1978, Act No. 15 of 6 October 1978 PART I - PRELIMINARY Short title l. This Act may be cited
Page 1 Maritime Zones Act, 1999 (Act No. 2 of 1999) AN ACT to repeal the Maritime Zones Act (Cap 122) and to provide for the determination of the Maritime Zones of Seychelles in accordance with the United
Page 1 Exclusive Economic Zone Act, 1984, Act No. 311 An Act pertaining to the exclusive economic zone and certain aspects of the continental shelf of Malaysia and to provide for the regulations of activities
BELIZE MARITIME AREAS ACT CHAPTER 11 REVISED EDITION 2000 SHOWING THE LAW AS AT 31ST DECEMBER, 2000 This is a revised edition of the law, prepared by the Law Revision Commissioner under the authority of
MONTSERRAT CHAPTER This edition contains a consolidation of the following laws. Page FISHERIES ACT. Act 11 of in force 16 November
CHAPTER 9.01 FISHERIES ACT and Subsidiary Legislation Revised Edition showing the law as at 1 January 2002 This is a revised edition of the law, prepared by the Law Revision Commissioner under the authority
LAWS OF KENYA MARITIME ZONES ACT CHAPTER 371 Revised Edition 2012 [1991] Published by the National Council for Law Reporting with the Authority of the Attorney-General www.kenyalaw.org CAP. 371 [Rev.
Page 1 Maritime Areas Act, 1992 (An Act to make provision with respect to the Territorial Sea, Internal Waters and the Exclusive Economic Zone of Belize; and for matters connected therewith or incidental
Federal Law No. 19 of 1993 in respect of the delimitation of the maritime zones of the United Arab Emirates, 17 October 1993
Page 1 Federal Law No. 19 of 1993 in respect of the delimitation of the maritime zones of the United Arab Emirates, 17 October 1993 We, Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahayyan, the President of the United Arab Emirates,
LAWS OF KENYA FISHERIES ACT CHAPTER 378 Revised Edition 2012 [1991] Published by the National Council for Law Reporting with the Authority of the Attorney-General www.kenyalaw.org [Rev. 2012] CAP. 378
BELIZE ALIENS ACT CHAPTER 159 REVISED EDITION 2000 SHOWING THE LAW AS AT 31ST DECEMBER, 2000 This is a revised edition of the law, prepared by the Law Revision Commissioner under the authority of the Law
LAWS OF KENYA SOCIETIES ACT CHAPTER 108 Revised Edition 2012 [1998] Published by the National Council for Law Reporting with the Authority of the Attorney-General www.kenyalaw.org [Rev. 2012] CAP. 108
Romania. ACT concerning the Legal Regime of the Internal Waters, the Territorial Sea and the Contiguous Zone of Romania, 7 August 1990 * CHAPTER I
Romania ACT concerning the Legal Regime of the Internal Waters, the Territorial Sea and the Contiguous Zone of Romania, 7 August 1990 * [Original: Romanian] CHAPTER I The territorial sea and the internal
NATIONAL MONUMENTS ACT 28 OF 1969 [ASSENTED TO 21 MARCH, 1969] [DATE OF COMMENCEMENT: 1 JULY, 1969] as amended by National Monuments Amendment Act 22 of 1970 National Monuments Amendment Act 30 of 1971
ADMIRALTY JURISDICTION REGULATION ACT NO. 105 OF 1983 [ASSENTED TO 8 SEPTEMBER 1983] [DATE OF COMMENCEMENT: 1 NOVEMBER, 1983] (Afrikaans text signed by the State President) as amended by Admiralty Jurisdiction
Supplement No. 4 published with Gazette No. 5 of 1st March 1999. Port Authority Law (1999 Revision) PORT AUTHORITY LAW (1999 Revision) Law 15 of 1976 consolidated with Laws 1 of 1980, 12 of 1981 (part),
Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 CHAPTER 38 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS The Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs Section 1. The Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs. Controlled drugs and their classification
Protection of Movable Cultural Heritage Act 1986 No. 11, 1986 as amended Compilation start date: 1 July 2014 Includes amendments up to: Act No. 62, 2014 Prepared by the Office of Parliamentary Counsel,
BERMUDA 1998 : 32 MENTAL HEALTH AMENDMENT ACT 1998 [Date of Assent 13 July 1998] [Operative Date 13 July 1998] WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Mental Health Act 1968: Be it enacted by The Queen's
Page 1 Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act of 7 August 1953 Paragraph 1331. Definitions When used in this subchapter - The term "outer Continental Shelf" means all submerged lands lying seaward and outside
LAWS OF KENYA TRADING IN PROHIBITED GOODS ACT CHAPTER 519 Revised Edition 2012 [1967] Published by the National Council for Law Reporting with the Authority of the Attorney-General www.kenyalaw.org [Rev.
PROJET DE LOI ENTITLED The Pilotage (Guernsey) Law, 1966 * [CONSOLIDATED TEXT] NOTE This consolidated version of the enactment incorporates all amendments listed in the footnote below. It has been prepared
UNITED NATIONS CONVENTION ON THE LAW OF THE SEA. Signed at Montego Bay, Jamaica, 10 December Entry into force: 16 November 1994
UNITED NATIONS CONVENTION ON THE LAW OF THE SEA Signed at Montego Bay, Jamaica, 10 December 1982 Entry into force: 16 November 1994 The States Parties to this Convention, Prompted by the desire to settle,
CHAPTER 337 THE SOCIETIES ACT An Act to provide for the registration of societies and for other related matters. [1st June, 1954]
CHAPTER VI Prevention and Detection of Offences 50. Power of entry, search, arrest and detention. - (1) Notwithstanding anything contained in any other law for the time being in force, the Director or
LAWS OF KENYA PLANT PROTECTION ACT CHAPTER 324 Revised Edition 2012 [2079] Published by the National Council for Law Reporting with the Authority of the Attorney-General www.kenyalaw.org [Rev. 2012] CAP.
LAWS OF KENYA METHYLATED SPIRITS ACT CHAPTER 120 Revised Edition 2012 [1982] Published by the National Council for Law Reporting with the Authority of the Attorney-General www.kenyalaw.org [Rev. 2012]
1995 No. 1625 (N.I. 9) Historic Monuments and Archaeological Objects - Northern Ireland - Order 1995 Made 28th June 1995 Coming into operation 29th August 1995 At the Court at Buckingham Palace, the 28th
PARLIAMENT OF THE DEMOCRATIC SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF SRI LANKA FAUNA AND FLORA PROTECTION (AMENDMENT) ACT, No. 22 OF 2009 [Certified on 20th April, 2009] Printed on the Order of Government Published as a
EnviroLeg cc MARINE LIVING RESOURCES Act p 1 MARINE LIVING RESOURCES ACT NO. 18 OF 1998 Assented to: 21 May 1998 Date of commencement: 1 September 1998 ACT To provide for the conservation of the marine
A BILL ENTITLED. Jamaica, and by the authority of the same, as follows:- 1. This Act may be cited as the Local Government (Financing and
July 17, 2015 A BILL ENTITLED AN ACT to Provide a comprehensive framework for the financing and financial management of local authorities, and for connected matters. BE IT ENACTED by The Queen s Most Excellent
Page 1 of 32 PREVENTION AND TREATMENT OF DRUG DEPENDENCY ACT 20 OF 1992 (English text signed by the State President) [Assented To: 3 March 1992] [Commencement Date: 30 April 1993 unless otherwise indicated]
MERCHANT SHIPPING SAFETY Merchant Shipping (Health and SafetyGeneral Duties) Regulations 1984 *160 [The Minister] in exercise of powers conferred on him by [section 187 of the Merchant Shipping Act 161
Numbers 13 of 2008 and 32 of 2010 Chemicals Act 2008 and Chemicals (Amendment) Act 2010 IMPORTANT NOTICE This document is an informal consolidation of the Chemicals Act 2008 and the Chemicals (Amendment)
BELIZE LIMITATION ACT CHAPTER 170 REVISED EDITION 2000 SHOWING THE LAW AS AT 31ST DECEMBER, 2000 This is a revised edition of the law, prepared by the Law Revision Commissioner under the authority of the
INDUSTRIAL ARBITRATION (AMENDMENT) ACT. Act No. 29, 1959. An Act relating to the exercise of the powers of the Industrial Commission of New South Wales and other industrial tribunals; the status of certain
NATIONAL KEY POINTS ACT 102 OF 1980 [ASSENTED TO 1 JULY 1980] [DATE OF COMMENCEMENT: 25 JULY 1980] (English text signed by the State President) as amended by National Key Points Amendment Act 44 of 1984
LAWS OF KENYA The Public Order Act Chapter 56 Revised Edition 2009 (2003) Published by the National Council for Law Reporting with the Authority of the Attorney General 2 CAP. 56 Public Order [Rev. 2009
CANALS. H 7 Euz. II. No. 17, 1958. Canals Act. CANALS. An Act to make Provision for the Regulation and 7 SOUL 7^' Control of the Construction, Maintenance and Use of Canals. [Assented to 7th May, 1958.]
owner, in relation to a ship, means the person or persons registered as owner of the ship, or, in the absence of registration, the person or persons
MARINE POLLUTION (PREVENTION OF POLLUTION FROM SHIPS) ACT NO. 2 OF 1986 [ASSENTED TO 4 MARCH, 1986] [DATE OF COMMENCEMENT: 6 JUNE, 1986] (English text signed by the State President) as amended by International
SAINT LUCIA CHAPTER 1.06 INTERPRETATION ACT Revised Edition Showing the law as at 31 December 2008 This is a revised edition of the law, prepared by the Law Revision Commissioner under the authority of
LONG SERVICE LEAVE ACT. Act No. 38, 1955. An Act to make provisions entitling workers to long service leave; to amend the Industrial Arbitration Acts, 1940-1955; and for purposes connected therewith. [Assented
LAWS OF KENYA SMALL CLAIMS COURT ACT NO. 2 OF 2016 Published by the National Council for Law Reporting with the Authority of the Attorney-General www.kenyalaw.org Small Claims Court No. 2 of 2016 Section
Immigration, Asylum and Nationality Bill [AS AMENDED ON REPORT] CONTENTS Appeals 1 Variation of leave to enter or remain 2 Removal 3 Grounds of appeal 4 Entry clearance Failure to provide documents 6 Refusal
PARLIAMENT OF THE DEMOCRATIC SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF SRI LANKA SRI LANKA ELECTRICITY ACT, No. 20 OF 2009 [Certified on 8th April, 2009] Printed on the Order of Government Published as a Supplement to Part
1. (1) there is established under this Law the State Waterways Establish Ment of the Lagos State Waterways Authority
A LAW TO ESTABLISH THE LAGOS STATE WATERWAYS AUTHORITY AND FOR CONNECTED PURPOSES (21 st July 2008) Commence Ment THE LAGOS STATE HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY enacts as follows: 1. (1) there is established under
Welfare of Animals Act (Northern Ireland) 2011 2011 CHAPTER 16 An Act to make provision about animal welfare. [29th March 2011] BE IT ENACTED by being passed by the Northern Ireland Assembly and assented
It shall come into force on such date as the Central Government may, by notification in the Official Gazette, appoint.
THE PETROLEUM ACT, 1934 (Act No. 30 of 1934) An Act to consolidate and amend the law) relating to the import, transport, storage, production, refining and blending of petroleum [16th Septernber, 1934]
SAINT LUCIA CHAPTER 11.15 PESTICIDES AND TOXIC CHEMICAL CONTROL ACT Revised Edition Showing the law as at 31 December 2005 This is a revised edition of the law, prepared by the Law Revision Commissioner
Justice (Northern Ireland) Act 2004 CHAPTER 4 CONTENTS The judiciary 1 Transfer to Lord Chancellor of functions relating to Judicial Appointments Commission 2 Membership of the Commission 3 Duty of Commission
Expecting that you or a companion or relative is interested by additional information on Pre-Settlement Funding, please click the association underneath and your requesting will be sent to a legitimate financing capable who will evaluate your advance at no expenditure or responsibility.
While pre settlement claim financing has all the stores of being a credit, it is not treated as one. It is without a doubt recognized a non-organize of action development. This construes that, if the shocked assembling loses the case, or if there is no settlement, the "credit master" is not met all prerequisites for any reimbursement. Thus, they are not improvements in the honest sense. As they are not advancements, this permits financers to get around certain usury laws.
Pre-settlementfunding.com is the glorious choice for hurt setback and case offended social events differentiating for keen pre settlement financing credits at the most unimportant possible pre settlement credit rates in the industry.
The case financing firm then contacts the candidate and his or her attorney, reviews the underlying case and, accepting that it acknowledges that the irritated gathering competitor will prevail, offers the cash. Most borrowers wind up with a few thousand dollars, however some can proper a colossal number of dollars. Everything depends on upon the case and the prospects of winning a judgment or settlement.
Gave that you have a lawsuit or settlement pending and you require maintains sooner than later, you may need to search for a lawsuit loan. Inestimable are either work, damage, or mishap recognized. This recommends that a mind-blowing some bit of individuals experiencing lawsuits need to proceed lost wage by virtue of their suit. In actuality individuals that don't have lost pay can at present search for a loan for their lawsuit.
It is reputed to be a "case credit" or, furnished that you are in that business, "case financing." Regardless of the imprint, it is cash credited to insulted gatherings suspecting judgments or settlements in common claims, regularly singular harm cases, for instance, auto crashs, thing commitment issues, slips and falls, and so on.
Nora B. Fischer Pennsylvania Western, Pennsylvania Middle, Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation August 28, 2017 Mom's Bid For Nonparty Medical Records Nixed By Pa. Judge July 10, 2017 Oil Field Workers Agree To $2.1M Deal In OT Suit June 5, 2017 Pitt Violated Prof's Rights With Salary Slash, Says Judge Cases (1263) October 26, 2017 | Pennsylvania Western DISH NETWORK L.L.C. et al v. MOFFETT 490(Cable/Satellite TV) October 20, 2017 | Pennsylvania Western HULL v. PROGRESSIVE SPECIALTY INSURANCE COMPANY 110(Insurance) October 20, 2017 | Pennsylvania Western KOPKO v. CITY OF MONONGAHELA 442(Civil Rights: Jobs)
To keep your pieces full of brightness you can occasionally rub them using a dry cloth. Dont forget my jewels are handmade and they might present slight differences compared to the original design in the picture.
Wazobia FM 94.1 is a Nigerian Pidgin English radio station in Port Harcourt, Rivers State. It was founded in 2007 and belongs to Globe Communications Limited.
You are here: Home / News / Frontpage / KindredBio Announces Closing of Public Offering and Exercise of Over-Allotment...
SAN FRANCISCO, California. (April 8, 2014)  Kindred Biosciences, Inc. (NASDAQ: KIN), a biopharmaceutical company focused on saving and improving the lives of pets, today announced the closing of its public offering of 3,450,000 shares of its common stock, including 450,000 shares sold pursuant to the exercise in full by the underwriters of their over-allotment option, at a public offering price of $18.00 per share. KindredBio estimates net proceeds from the offering to be approximately $58.1 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses.
KindredBio intends to use the net proceeds of the offering for potential acquisitions of additional product candidates or other complementary assets or businesses, to accelerate and expand the research and development of its current product candidates, and for general corporate and working capital purposes.
Leerink Partners LLC acted as lead book-running manager, with BMO Capital Markets Corp. and Guggenheim Securities, LLC acting as active joint book-running managers for the offering.
The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. Copies of the prospectus related to the offering may be obtained from Leerink Partners LLC at Attention: Syndicate Department, One Federal Street, 37th Floor, Boston, MA, 02110, or by phone at 1-800-808-7525, ext. 4814, or by email at Syndicate@leerink.com, BMO Capital Markets at Attention: Equity Syndicate Department, 3 Times Square, 27th Floor, New York, NY 10036, or by telephone at (800) 414-3627, or by email to bmoprospectus@bmo.com, or from Guggenheim Securities, LLC at Attention: Equity Syndicate Department, 330 Madison, 8th Floor, New York, NY 10017, or by telephone at (212) 518-9349, or by email to GSEquityProspectusDelivery@guggenheimpartners.com.
This news release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state.
Kindred Biosciences is a development stage biopharmaceutical company focused on saving and improving the lives of pets. Its mission is to bring to pets the same kinds of safe and effective medicines that human family members enjoy. The Companys strategy is to identify compounds and targets that have already demonstrated safety and efficacy in humans and to develop therapeutics based on these validated compounds and targets for dogs, cats and horses. The Companys lead product candidates are CereKin (diacerein) for the treatment of osteoarthritis pain and inflammation in dogs, AtoKin (fexofenadine) for the treatment of atopic dermatitis in dogs, and SentiKin (flupirtine) for the treatment of post-operative pain in dogs.
Forward-looking statements in this news release involve inherent risks and uncertainties, and a number of important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in such forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, uncertainties inherent in animal drug development and the regulatory review process and other risks described in the prospectus relating to the offering and in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 14, 2014 with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly release the result of any revisions to these forward-looking statements that may be made to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this news release.
Event: Kindred Biosciences Announces Positive Results from Pilot Effectiveness Study of its Fully Caninized IL-31 Antibody for the Treatment of Atopic Dermatitis in Dogs and Issuance of U.S. Patent
Kindred Biosciences Announces Positive Results from Pilot Effectiveness Study of its Fully Caninized IL-31 Antibody for the Treatment of Atopic Dermatitis in Dogs and Issuance of U.S. Patent
Kindred Biosciences Announces Positive Results from Pilot Effectiveness Study of its Fully Caninized IL-31 Antibody for the Treatment of Atopic Dermatitis in Dogs and Issuance of U.S. PatentOctober 30, 2018 - 4:06 pm
Event: Kindred Biosciences Announces Positive Results from Pilot Effectiveness Study of its Fully Caninized IL-31 Antibody for the Treatment of Atopic Dermatitis in Dogs and Issuance of U.S. PatentOctober 31, 2018 - 12:03 am
KindredBio to Present at Needham 13th Annual Healthcare Conference KindredBio to Announce First Quarter 2014 Financial Results on Monday, May ...
As of April of 2010, Susan Tedeschi is performing with her husband Derek Trucks in their new group, Derek Trucks & Susan Tedeschi Band. Their website DerekAndSusan.net is now your hub for all news
With superb festive fayre and a great atmosphere, youll be sure to find a party package perfect for you. Their Christmas Lunch and Dinner menus are available from 26th November to 22nd December on a pre-booked basis, with a Dinner Disco Party on Thursday, Friday and Saturay nights at 34.95 per person
Based in the heart of Tunbridge Wells historic Pantiles, Woods Restaurant & Bar is the perfect place for meeting friends, catching up with family, celebrating, enjoying a date night or Brunch/Lunch for two, or simply enjoying a coffee or glass of wine while sitting and watching the world go by!
With a mix of areas to accommodate drinkers, diners and party-goers Woods Bar No 64 and Upper Bars can both accommodate up to 50 people, while their new and exciting 2018 Canape and Fork Buffet menus are not only delicious theyre great value for money when youre planning a gathering  from baby showers and birthdays to hens, stags, corporate affairs and christenings, to name a few  discuss your needs with a dedicated and friendly team at family-run Woods to personalise your party!
Alternatively, if youre thinking big, the whole of Woods can be hired for parties of up to 200 people.
Whatever the weather, youre guaranteed a warm welcome as well as a menu catering for all-day entertaining  all-day Breakfast or Brunch, Lunch, Afternoon Tea  or maybe just a quiet coffee or drink whilst taking advantage of the free WIFI access. Friday evening Suppers are now available in the Summer months, and from May to September Woods is the perfect place to enjoy the alfresco atmosphere of Jazz on The Pantiles when early booking is a must
All food is prepared on the premises with regional and seasonal ingredients, and there is a varied Menu available seven days a week. Kids are catered for too, with special meal deals and prices. (Check the website for more details.)
Mention INDEX Lifestyle when making your Christmas party booking and receive a free bottle of Prosecco when booking a party of 20 or more by 31st October 2018.
 Woods Restaurant & Bars, 62 & 64 The Pantiles, Tunbridge Wells TN2 5TN, call 01892 614411 or 01892 543339 for Christmas and other party and function enquiries.
Spa, Baeras de Hidromasaje. La Tienda de Spadenicor. Venta de Spas, saunas, baeras de hidromasaje. Si quieres comprar un spa, o disponer de una baera de hidromasaje tienes que ir a Spadenicor. Otra de las formas de tratamientos con agua es a travs de vapor. Este aumenta la actividad de la piel y provoca la transpiracin que, a su vez, limpia el cuerpo desde su interior.
Most items can be ordered in assorted colors for no extra charge, as long as the imprint color stays the same on all items
Please note: Absolute minimum order on this item is 1pc. To order less than 1, please contact us for availability
e.g. company name, phone number or any additional information that you would like to be imprinted on the item
The smash comedy hit of the London and Broadway stages, this much-revived classic from Noel Coward, the playwright of Private Lives, offers up fussy, cantankerous novelist Charles Condomine, re-married but haunted (literally) by the ghost of his late first wife, the clever and insistent Elvira who is called up by a visiting "happy medium", one Madame Arcati.
The Kings Mountain Little Theatre children present two short plays and an inspirational performance of the "Hallelujah Chorus". Let's remember the true meaning of the Holiday:
An emergency meeting of the Guardian Angels has been called. Christ is missing. It is surmised that he had made an unscheduled trip to modern-day Earth to participate in the Christmas celebration. However, no one has heard from him since, and this elite "Search and Rescue" squad has been dispatched to locate him.
It's just days before Christmas at Santa's Workshop, and there's still lots of work to be done - like getting the elves and reindeer in the proper holiday spirit with song, dance, and big belly laughs! Elf hosts Holly Daze and Mistletoe Merryman welcome judges Mrs. Claus, the pun-loving Ruby the Red-Lipped Reindeer, and Old St. Nick himself to judge the talent show in this reality TV spoof. Contestants Jack Frost and Snow Queen get a chilly reception at first, but even they can't take the warmth and good spirit out of this friendly competition!
Celebrating its 50th anniversary in 2018, "Sha la la Joseph you're doing fine! You and your dreamcoat ahead of your time!" One of the most enduring shows of all time, Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat is a reimagining of the Biblical story of Joseph, his father Jacob, eleven brothers and the coat of many colors.
The old fishing pier out on the end of Cypress Lake has just fallen under the magic of another Catfish Moon. It was the favorite hangout for three best friends when they were kidsskipping school, skinny dipping and even experiencing the mysteries of kissing girls. Now Curley, Gordon and Frog are older, and they have tasted the bitterness of life as well as the sweetness, and time has eroded the closeness between Frog and Gordon. The final straw comes when Frog discovers that Gordon is dating his ex-wife. Curley, the "big brother" of the bunch convinces Frog and Gordon to go on an overnight fishing trip like old times. On the pier, the weight of adulthood is lifted by laughter and their love of fishing, and the three guys discover that their friendship was never really lost. However, in the midst of catching the biggest fish of all time, life brings them back to a painful reality. In the end though they realize that life is too precious and too short to let true friendship get away.
Kings Mountain Little Theatre, Inc. is a volunteer-based, 501(c)3 non-profit community theater. KMLT is funded in part by a Grassroots Grant from the North Carolina Arts Council, a state agency, and is a funded affiliate of the Cleveland County Arts Council. Last updated: September 8, 2018
The MLS Technology and Emerging Issues Subcommittee (TEIS) of NARs Multiple Listing Issues and Policies Committee is at it again. This group (and its previous iterations) has labored to sort out the issue of Broker A displaying Broker Bs listing in social media for years it seems (yup, I just checked my old files; I think its appropriate to pronounce the subcommittees acronym as tease). The efforts came to something of a head in May, when the NAR board adopted a policy change that effectively permitted IDX through mobile applications. I think that was great news: though I expect well see problems of one kind or another with it over the coming months and years, I expect we can work them out.
Drop me a line if your MLS wants help sorting out how to implement the mobile app in IDX stuff. Generally, it requires slight changes to your data license agreement (you do require anyone who gets access to your data to sign one, right?) and rules.
But the MLIPC also directed the TEIS to try on social media again. Last week, the TEIS came out with its further recommendation. Its based on feedback NAR received from the whole MLIPC and a conference call by the TEIS earlier this month. According to an NAR staffers summary, the feedback from the MLIPC over the summer reflected several tendencies of thought: First, there was not a consensus whether NAR policy should even address the display of listings outside of IDX and VOW. Some folks are hostile to the idea, and think that display of other participants listings outside of VOW and IDX may result in overexposure, misappropriation of listing data, failure to attribute listing participants, and license law violations. This is no doubt true, but its also true within IDX. Most MLSs make some effort to police for these problems in IDX; and it may be difficult to police social media sites in the same ways. So, for example, stale data and its consequences would likely be a more widespread problem in social media displays (or at least the ones Ive seen described). Of course, there are other folks who strongly believe that display of other participants listings outside of VOW or IDX will give greater exposure of listings to consumers, enhancing the possibility of quicker sales.
Second, there is a consensus that theres not a consensus on how to define what actually constitutes a social media site. I posted at length on this last yearno need to rehash here.
Third, there is a consensus that if there is a policy, it should be optional for the MLS and the listing participants; that is, each MLS can decide whether to adopt it, and each listing broker can decide whether her listings will be included in it.
The TEIS cleaved to these principles when it proposed the following new policy, which will be on the agenda in Orlando:
MLSs may but are not required to give participants the ability to authorize electronic display of their listings by other participants outside the context of the Internet Data Exchange (IDX) policy and rules and the Virtual Office Website (VOW) policy and rules.
Participants may not be required to consent to display or distribution of their listings through non-IDX and non-VOW channels as a condition of participation in MLS or as a condition of participation in IDX. Electronic display and distribution pursuant to this policy contemplates, but is not limited to, Short Message Services (SMS)/texting technologies, and interactive social media. All electronic displays and/or distribution of other participants listings conducted pursuant to this policy must comply with state law and regulations and applicable rules.
Displays addressed by this policy may be subject to technological limitations on disabling/discontinuing third-party comments/reviews, disabling/discontinuing automated displays of market value, refreshing displays on a periodic basis, and possibly other issues which should be taken into consideration when developing rules and policies governing such displays.
Theres nothing controversial here, unless you were hoping the TEIS would give your MLS a blueprint for how to do this. OK, so this is really just punting to the local organizations, but I dont mind that, as the locals make good laboratories.
So, now were looking for an MLS or two burning to adopt this optional policy; wed like to help sort out the complex of legal, operational, and technical issues. If the project works well, maybe NAR will adopt your approach as a model for the rest of its MLSs. We can have some fun with it in the meantime.
Im really interested in comments from folks (a) who think that MLSs SHOULD adopt an approach like this and (b) who are willing to share specific concerns/reservations about the idea.
Doesn't the mandatory MLS model rule already cover the first point authorizing electronic display outside of IDX/VOW?
A listing shall not be advertised by any participant other than the listing broker without the prior consent of the listing broker. M
Great article and summary. Me wonders if the broker will be able to opt in or opt out on a listing by listing basis. Me also hopes that the default setting is opt out. Me also questions if the issue will die on the vine.
By the way, I was reminded that I neglected to say who I am and which MLS I refered to in my original comment. Paul Kriewall Project and Contract Manager for the Arizona Regional MLS.
@Paul: The answer is "sort of yes". But NAR adopted a change in May that allows display _within_ IDX but via media like mobile.
This new proposal would allow an MLS to create a new category of display, outside IDX, but similar in that listing brokers would be able to opt-out of it.
Sterling Archer is the world's most daunting spy. He works for ISIS, a spy agency run by his mother. In between dealing with his boss and his co-workers - one of whom is his ex-girlfriend - Archer manages to annoy or seduce everyone that crosses his path. His antics are only excusable because at the end of the day, he still somehow always manages to thwart whatever crises was threatening mankind.
# Licensed Nursing Assistant (LNA) Provide quality patient care in a wide variety of settings as a key member of the professional healthcare team Perform a wide range of diagnostic and medical procedures while using positive patient communication Develop the medical skills, terminology and confidentiality required by healthcare professionals Prepare for state licensure, immediate employment, advanced certifications and further education LICENSED NURSING ASSISTANT (LNA) This is a Healthcare Pathway Class* *Prerequisite: Healthcare Foundations (Ask your counselor about alternative prerequisites at your home high school) Grade 12 Placement testing required. This program requires fingerprint clearance, drug testing and a background check. 
# Installation Notes For a complete list of system requirements and supported platforms, please consult the Users Guide. Information about each release can be found in the release notes. Each Windows package comes with the latest stable release of WinPcap. which is required for live packet capture. If needed you can install the latest development release from the WinPcap download page. Live on the Bleeding Edge You can download source code packages and Windows installers which are automatically created each time code is checked into the source code repository. These packages are available in the automated build section of our 
# Netsell Inc. Your Outsourced IT Department I am an IT consultant running Netsell Inc. since 1995. I take care of your companys complete IT needs, from building, securing and maintaining your servers, pcs and network infrastructure, to implementing VOIP phone systems and hosting your websites, email and online backup. The companies I work with range in size from a 3 person office to 70 people. Some of my clients: Contact Dean Brown: Website Hosting We host websites on either Windows/IIS8 or LAMP (Debian Linux, Apache, MySQL, PHP) servers. We provide shared or dedicated hosting in Canada. We also support 
# Tax Deductions for Homeowners Updated: April 4, 2016 Your home provides many tax benefits from the time you buy it right on through to when you decide to sell. Heres a summary; for details, visit the IRS website at www.irs.gov . 1. Mortgage Interest Interest that you pay on your mortgage is tax deductible, within limits. If youre married and filing jointly, you can deduct all your interest payments on a maximum of $1 million in mortgage debt secured by a first or second home. The maximums are halved for married taxpayers filing separately. You cant use the $1 
# Caldera Spas Highlife Grandee Hot Spot Relay FreeFlow Spas Fantasy Spas WELCOME TO OC HOT SPRING SPAS Serving Orange County since 1982, Hot Spring Spas of Orange County is family owned and operated by brothers Scott and Greg Garner who together have over 30 years experience in the spa and hot tub industry, providing you with the expertise you need to help you choose the right spa or hot tub for you and your family. Scott and Greg love what they do and the feeling of bringing families closer together by providing an opportunity for relaxation and much-needed relief 
# Covered Call BREAKING DOWN Covered Call The outlook of a covered call strategy is for a slight increase in the underlying stock price for the life of the short call option. Consequently, this strategy is not useful for a very bullish investor. A covered call serves as a short-term small hedge on a long stock position and allows investors to earn a credit. However, the investor forfeits the potential of the stocks potential increase and is obligated to provide 100 shares to the buyer of the option if it is exercised. Maximum Profit and Loss The maximum profit of 
# Rural High Speed Internet BroadbandQ Rural Wireless Internet offers wireless connectivity for the home with our revolutionary EVDO hotspot bundle. Perfect for families or small office applications. BroadbandQ Wireless is perfect for families in rural areas. We offer the best solutions in rural internet service, with the only wireless internet plan giving you the best in rural internet options. Our unlimited data plan far exceeds the antiquated broadband blue service. We are the evdo depot. Our goal is to give you wireless internet options with unlimited data and an alternative to satellite.  Speeds up to 1-5 Mbps upload/1-20 
# Cypress Capital Management Our primary goal at Cypress Capital Management is to provide top-quality client service at a reasonable cost; where the best interest of the client is paramount. We are committed to being honest and transparent regarding return expectations, risks, fees and our capabilities as investment managers. We strive to align our interests as managers with those of our clients, to minimise potential conflicts and to ensure we are working towards providing the best investment solutions. At Cypress we take our role as fiduciary managers seriously. Our clients place a high-level of trust in our judgment and investment 
# ecare India  Complete Medical Billing and Coding Services e-care India is one of the leading medical billing companies in India that provides complete medical billing solutions and coding services. e-care is a pioneer in offshore medical billing, having started in the year 2000  one of the first few to offer medical billing from India at that time. Today, e-care has grown to 1,000+ people and 3 delivery centers that provide Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity provisions. e-care possesses twin ISO certifications  ISO 9001:2008 for our operational processes; and ISO 27001:2013 for ISMS (Information Security and Management 
# Vancouver, WA Area (Clark Cowlitz Counties) Heating Cooling Installation, Maintenance Repair Services Tri-Tech Heating and Cooling has helped residents maintain a comfortable home year round throughout Clark County, Washington with our professional heating and cooling installation, maintenance and repair services. Whether you need a new HVAC system in Battle Ground. a furnace repaired in Camas. a new fireplace installed in Hockinson. or just need Winter maintenance performed on a heat pump in Ridgefield. our experienced and certified heating and cooling technicians can get the job done. We also provide residential and commercial HVAC services throughout Cowlitz County, WA including 
The Verb of my late Father-in-law Mark Tiersma was Gratitude in all things. I am finding this a good season to practice this in the midst of chaos... and the sense that every day is a gift is gripping my soul in a deeper way than ever before.
I am glad that my friend who was homeless for a few days is now renting an appartment that he can afford.
I am glad to recieve art supplies from a stranger during a yard sale... just because what we are doing is something he wants to contribute to...
I am glad for the hawk I got to see up close... there is wild life in the city skies... and it is not only pigeons and crows (which are also cool to me).
I am glad for the generosity of friends who buy hats at yard sales ; ) and chose to pay much more than I ask for it... and how I was able to pass on this generosity to others...
I am glad for old interns who visit and find themselves right back in the mix... even if it is for a day -- Thanks Dan!
This Week has been about getting a friend out of harms way. We all have a past... and many of us wish we could change the realities of that past... We become tired at some point at hurting others and ourselves... and those of us who find God and work the 12 steps of AA / NA also seek to make amends whenever we can... but to do that we have to be safe and stay safe... Avoiding the people, places, and things that might hinder God's work in our hearts.
One of my friends this week chose to become homeless rather than take the path of violence... I respect that. We got to share our small home with him for a couple of days... Not enough room for 3 of us in our humble home...
We recovered as much of his stuff from his old appartment... and God ansewred our prayers quickly for a new home...
What others intended for evil God has worked out for our good to the glory of His name and praise -- Less rent in a safer environment.
We will by God's grace seek to live, love, and return only good for whatever comes our way, in order that we may become on the inside more like Christ -- Romans 8 and Ephesians 3:14-21.
Pray that our faith will become stronger having once again gotten tested. May we grow the seeds of love and grace that can sustain us and the coming generations. May God's peace rest on all that read this...
Norma called me this morning. Her son is in the hospital with a blod clot in his leg. She and her daughter both have the flu... and she is still recovering from her car accident. She so much wants life to get back to "normal". Her neighbors have poured out a tremendous amount of love in this season. She has not hardly had to cook a meal since her car accident. This is one of the strengths of our neighborhood -- its loving hospitality. She is very thankful to God for the many answers to prayer in the journey.
Kathy Henry also asks for prayer for a mystery illness... maybe caught in her sacrificail work at Clinica Oscar Romero... that is causing her considerable suffering and discomfort.
Saturday I had a very sucessful yard sale. We raised enough money to help 3 friends with thier living expenses. Pray for my formation of a business plan to start a thrift store. Also I hope to have more yard sales in the future. If you have stuff that you might like to contribute... let me know.
My friend Willie is currently living in a weekly rental hotel. He longs to be in a regular appartment by the new year. He is paying much more rent than Jude and I are to live in a space less than half than what we have... and we live in a small one bedroom apt. Prayer and any tangible help and support in this journey is welcome.
I have been looking back on my life. I have noticed that what I give myself too the most ... both in terms of passion, intention, and action... that is what I worship. I have found that a centered focus on God through Jesus Christ cause me to love deeply -- Ephessians 3:14-21. When I drift on this "Practices of the Presence of God", then the quality of my love drifts as well.
Some say that worship is easy... not for me... I get easily distracted from the main point of focuss... I have found that I need support in the journey... Fellowship, good supportive tools, Like Don Postama's Book "Space for God", and I need Music...
Today I am feeling a call back to worship. We can serve a lot of small and insignificant wants and desires... or we can worship with our lives the God who made us.
If you are worshipping God, then your love will grow and overflow... If you find yourself inwardly blocked and tied up somehow... figure out what has to change... You can not worship and then not love... without the meaning of your worship becoming hollow; You can not love with out drawing from the source of love -- That is the point of Worship.
I plan to spin The above worship songs tommorrow and to continue to reflect on this call in my heart.
Randa has just found out she has breast cancer. This means that she gets to stay with us longer... it also means that she has to wait on her dreams. And so it goes... Here are her own words and a mailing address where notes of encouragement can be sent ; )
I had intended this newsletter to be the one where I explain to you all the details of when I would be moving to India and what I would be doing there. I am learning once again that we are not in control of our lives and must rely on the Lord for wisdom for each day.
In my routine medical check-ups before leaving for India the doctors found breast cancer. Within 48 hours all my plans have changed. I have met with the surgeon and will be having a lumpectomy on November 24th (the day before Thanksgiving). After the surgery they are expecting 6 weeks of radiation and possibly chemotherapy (this depends upon what they find when they do the actual surgery). With this in mind I will be delaying my move to India.
My mom & two sisters will be coming for the surgery. They will stay with me until Nov. 30th. At that time I will move in with my friend (and also my boss), Sue Lloyd. I'll stay with Sue until I leave for India, which is tentatively set for late August at this point. Since I'll be able to work while getting the treatments the wisest decision seems to be to stay in LA and continue to work with InnerCHANGE.
I would appreciate your prayers. It looks like the cancer is contained in one mass and has not spread to the lymph nods. A lumpectomy will take only the mass and the surrounding tissue. They will also be doing a Sentinel Lymph Node Biopsy which means they will follow the path internally that the cancer would have traveled to my lymph nodes and take samples of these to check for cancer. If cancer hasnt infected these first few lymph nodes it will mean that it hasnt traveled outside of the immediate area.
I have always loved reading the Old Testament, especially the books of Israels history. Many times Israel was surrounded by enemies who outnumbered them and the situation seemed impossible. Cancer is a huge "enemy" and from the first day of hearing that I had this disease I felt assured that the God of Israel is my Lord and Protector. He will fight this enemy and I will come out of this fight victorious. Prayer is the weapon that will conquer cancer and I would appreciate your joining me in this stand of faith in Gods power to deliver me.
My Dad is in the hospital because what they thought was Cancer, adn then TB in the lungs is not acting like either... so he has moved into being a mystery diagnosis... and they are trying to figure it all out... Think Limbo.
My mother-in-law affectionately know as "MeM" or Arlene went to the hospital with an irregular heart beat. She is stressed out because her husband just recently passed away.
It is the little things that get to me... Today I went to pick up a donation for a yardsale on Sat. but the person who offered the donation was called away by her job and thus was unable to pass on the donations.
I heard a lecture today that talked about slavery and the Killing fields of the Sudan. Good content with hope in very dificult times... it made all my personal pain seem so petty... and yet I have to be real with God and not ignore my heart.
Got to go to a meeting this evening. Which is both good and bad. The hours won't be wasted... but tommorrow I think I need to spend some extra time in prayer.
My mindset was punctuated with the blues last night and I could not get to sleep because of a large "Ghetto Bird" (a Helicopter) buzzing arround our neighborhood until 2am in the morning. There was a "manhunt" going on looking for someone who had a gun... this also made parking impossible... and so it goes...
Growth comes from focussing and learning what is within our power and responsibility. That is part of what makes the "Serenity Prayer" such a helpful prayer.
My friend Mel is going to be sharing with a group of JR. high youth about Character growth and development. There are key ideas that I have found useful to point out to my younger friends that have helped them learn to make better choices...
I will be adding some of those comments as I think of them on my blog for her and others. Feel free in the comment section to add your own.
Growing on the inside is the most effective way to improve the quality of your life, because you live with yourself 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year.
The content and quality of our lives are built on the content and quality of our rleationships with God, ourselves, one another, and our environment.
There is pain in the process of learning, but the pain is worth it... Remember when you learned to ride a bicycle... the diziness, the falling, and the triumph... and anyone who has learned to ride a bicycle can ride further and faster than they can run...
Do you want to learn enough to choose what you want to do to make a living; or do you want to be doing what someone else tells you to do?
Timing is everything... Practice is a key way to be ready for the right momment and opportunity... Example... a great batter in baseball knows when and how to swing the bat... and it is not every day that the bases are loaded and you get to be at bat... Either you are ready or you are not...
Our capacity to Give and Recieve Love depends on our Maturity in Character (I Cor. 13, II Peter 1:3-11). There are no short cuts to growing in Character.
Poor communication skills will lead to a lonely life. Good communication skills will open the door to many friendships.
We are creating history every day by our choices. We Live with the history we create for ourselves and others for the rest of our lives. Learning to make good choices is key to having a good life.
Recently Jude went to visit her mom in Visalia. Her mom was ever so glad for her being there with her ... her car broke down three times while she was there.
As some of you know Norma -- who is close to our community -- had been out of work and on disability for months and had just gotten reassigned to a job she could do in the LA School System... and now her accident has her sidelined again... now in pain and seeking to continue to persue what God wants to bring through this... her car was totaled and she isn't sure where she is going to get the money for a new one...
Willie had his ATM and Pin Number Stolen and his Bank account cleaned out of the little that was in there... Yes we have corrected this but we are still working through the paper work... When it rains Willie can't eat at home because water leaks from the roof on to his electric stove.
In November/December the LA team is going to be lead through a community discernment process to set out on some new dreams together. We have come to a time of closure on some old ones... The Cambria Appartments for example (See our web-site)... are completely in the hands of the tennants and the non-profit corp they have started... and the board that they elect...
There have been an exponential increase in annoying events as we move towards this time... pray for God's guidance and peace in the midst of seeking what new things God would have us do.
The Final Budget Outcome for 2014-15 shows that the Government is continuing to reduce the deficit and is lowering the spending growth trajectory of the previous government. The Final Budget Outcome for the 201415 financial year recorded an underlying cash deficit of $37.9 billion, which represents 2.4 per cent of gross domestic product. The outcome is []
After having served for nearly twenty years as the Member for North Sydney and seventeen years on the frontbench, I advised the Prime Minister that I did not wish to continue as a minister in the Government and that it is my intention to resign from the House of Representatives. It has been a great []
As part of the Governments ongoing efforts to strengthen and deepen our relationship with Israel, we are announcing our intention to commence negotiations on a new Double Taxation Agreement between our two countries. Australia has a warm and close relationship with Israel, supported strongly by Australias active Jewish community, but we do not currently have []
Today I welcome the passage of legislation that enables Australia to become a founding member of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB). Australia will now have a pivotal leadership role at the AIIB, working with other founding members including China, India, Korea, the United Kingdom, Germany and France.
Today I am pleased to announce that I have ordered the sale of five additional residential properties unlawfully held by foreign nationals. The properties are located in Ardross (in Perth), Elizabeth Bay (in Sydney), Underdale (in Adelaide), Stretton (in Brisbane) and Labrador (on the Gold Coast). The purchase prices of the properties range in value []
The Government today took further strong action to ensure multinational companies pay their fair share of tax through the introduction of our multinational tax avoidance package. This is part of the Governments broader commitment to tax integrity, and further legislation in this area will be introduced imminently. Our tax integrity package includes ensuring the GST []
I am delighted to announce the reappointment of the four Business Members to the Joint Commonwealth and Tasmanian Economic Council for a further period of 18 months. Co-chair Dale Elphinstone, and members Professor Janelle Allison, Chris Oldfield, and Wayne Bould have contributed strongly to the Councils reform agenda, and I look forward to continuing to []
Todays National Accounts show that the Australian economy is growing well despite the biggest fall in our terms of trade in more than fifty years. At a time when other commodity based economies like Canada and Brazil are in recession, the Australian economy is continuing to grow at a rate that meets and sometimes beats []
The electorate of North Sydney is set to benefit from the Commonwealth Governments Stronger Communities Program which will deliver up to $300,000 over two years to fund small capital projects that benefit the local community. This is an exciting opportunity for local communities to identify potential projects which will contribute to the electorates long term []
Today the strength of Australias federal system of government was on show at a Council on Federal Financial Relations Tax Reform Workshop in Canberra. Treasurers agreed to work together to improve the way Australias tax system supports a functional and efficient Federation. Together we discussed the evolving economic and fiscal outlook, at the Commonwealth and []
Tomorrow's meeting in Canberra with the state and territory treasurers is a unique opportunity to achieve consensus across government for the progress of much needed national tax reform. The Australian people will be looking to us to reach agreement on the reform options that will promote economic growth and create jobs to ensure Australia's continued []
Today the Treasurer, Joe Hockey, and the Minister for Small Business, Bruce Billson, announced that the Productivity Commission will commence its inquiry into Australias intellectual property arrangements. The inquiry will examine whether Australia has the right balance between promoting competition and protecting intellectual property, while considering our international trade obligations. Our intellectual property arrangements can []
The Treasurer and Minister for Trade and Investment today hosted the second annual AustraliaChina Strategic Economic Dialogue with Chairman Xu Shaoshi of Chinas National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC). The Australia-China bilateral relationship is vital to growing Australias economy and creating jobs for Australians, and is worth more than A$150 billion annually in two-way trade. []
The successful passage today of the Governments legislation to establish its landmark Medical Research Future Fund will significantly strengthen Australias standing as one of the global leaders in the field of medical research. The Fund, the largest of its kind in the world, will support research that enables game-changing medical innovations and improves the health []
Australia welcomes foreign investment and Australia needs foreign investment but, at all times, foreign investors must comply with our laws. Today I announce that I have ordered the sale of six residential properties unlawfully held by foreign nationals. The foreign nationals currently live in four different countries. The five different orders relate to six established []
I am pleased to announce the appointment of five new members to the Takeovers Panel. The purpose of the Panel is to provide a mechanism for peer review of takeovers activity, with the aim of being more efficient, less formal and more expeditious than the courts. The functions and powers of the Panel are conferred by []
The Australian Government is committed to helping drought affected communities and we are pleased to announce a new service to help people manage their tax affairs when times are tough. The Australian Taxation Office (ATO) will work with the Department of Agriculture to identify drought-affected taxpayers and will provide personalised assistance and customised support plans []
I am pleased to announce the appointment of Ms Alice Williams as a part-time member of the Foreign Investment Review Board (FIRB) for a five year period. Ms Williams has over 25 years of senior management and Board level experience in corporate and Government sectors and investment banking, specialising in strategy and policy development, corporate []
Strengthening scrutiny and transparency around foreign investment in agriculture  land register starts 1 July
The Coalition Government is delivering on its commitment to increase scrutiny and transparency around foreign investment in Australian agriculture. From 1 July 2015 all foreign investors who hold interests in agricultural land must register those interests with the Australian Taxation Office (ATO) regardless of the value of that land. The ATO will collect information such []
As the first half of the Parliamentary year draws to a close, the Government is getting things done. We have made good progress to repair the Budget and are implementing our plan for stronger growth and more jobs for all Australians. Over the past fortnight we were able to pass key measures in our Small []
The Government today announces that Australia will become a founding member of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB). The decision comes after extensive discussions between the Government, China and other key partners around the world. There is an estimated infrastructure financing gap of around US$8 trillion in the Asian region over the current decade. The []
Federal Treasurer Joe Hockey and Assistant Minister for Employment Luke Hartsuyker today announced the creation of the Ambassador for Mature Age Employment and the appointment of Susan Ryan AO to the position. The Australian Government is committed to helping older workers to enter and remain connected to the workforce. As a nation with an ageing []
The Government will today introduce legislation for three more measures to support small business as part of the 2015 Budgets $5.5 billion Jobs and Small Business package. The Coalition Government understands the varying needs of Australian small businesses, we know one size does not fit all and our Budget measures reflect this. To ensure all []
The Government has today successfully reached agreement to re-introduce the indexation of fuel excise to inflation. This is a significant structural reform. The fuel excise will increase twice a year, in February and August, in line with movements of the Consumer Price Index. The policy is currently implemented by a 12 month tariff proposal. The []
The Government has today come to an agreement with Labor to implement the 2014-15 Budget measures to gradually increase the excise payable on domestically produced biodiesel and fuel ethanol. The Government will table amendments next week in the Senate to phase in the excise payable for biodiesel producers in equal increments over 16 years, from []
The Abbott Government believes that the retirement savings earned and accumulated by Australians are owned by Australians, and should be respected by Governments. The Governments objectives for our retirement income system are to ensure stability and certainty, while optimising retirement incomes, ensuring fiscal sustainability and equity and encouraging self-provision for retirement. This is why the []
As part of the Governments ongoing efforts to strengthen and deepen our relationship with Germany, we are formally starting negotiations on a new Double Taxation Agreement between our two countries. Our current Double Taxation Agreement, which was signed in 1972, needs updating to reflect the changing natures of both our economies since that time. Discussions []
The hard working women and men of Australian small business were delivered surety to make the most of the Governments Jobs and Small Business package today with key measures passing through the Parliament. All small businesses can immediately deduct every asset costing less than $20,000 that they have purchased since Budget night and can continue []
The Australian Government can today announce that a full tax exemption will apply to military personnel serving on non-warlike Operations Manitou, Accordion, Okra (Zone B) and Augury in the Middle East region. The Abbott Government is committed to providing high levels of financial and non-financial support to our serving personnel and the provision of tax []
Just one month after the Government announced plans to strengthen foreign investment rules for residential real estate, the Foreign Investment Review Board (FIRB) already has 195 cases under investigation. Of the 195 cases, 24 are foreign investors who have voluntarily come forward to identify that they may have breached the foreign investment rules. The value []
Australia has today signed the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Developments (OECD) common reporting standard multilateral competent authority agreement to catch taxpayers using hidden offshore bank accounts to evade Australian tax. The Parliamentary Secretary, the Hon Steven Ciobo, signed the agreement at the OECDs Ministerial Council Meeting in Paris. The agreement, which enables the automatic []
Todays March quarter National Accounts confirm there is strong and broad based momentum in the Australian economy. Real economic growth rose by 0.9 per cent in the quarter, to be 2.3 per cent higher over the past year. This exceeds market expectations. This builds on growth of 0.3 per cent in the September quarter and []
Mr Christopher Heathcote has been appointed as the inaugural CEO of the Global Infrastructure Hub in Sydney, to help unlock $2 trillion in investment and create millions of new jobs. As President of the G20, Australia put infrastructure investment at the centre of an agreement to lift global growth by two per cent by 2018. The []
I am pleased to announce the appointments of members of the Takeovers Panel. The purpose of the Panel is to provide a mechanism for peer review of takeovers activity, with the aim of being more efficient, less formal and more expeditious than the courts. The functions and powers of the Panel are conferred by the []
Australian farmers can now claim a tax deduction on all capital expenditure on water facilities, fodder storage assets and fencing incurred since the 2015 Budget was handed down at 7:30pm on 12 May. Farmers can fully deduct the cost of water facilities and fencing in the year they are purchased and deduct the cost of fodder []
The Abbott Government is focused on ensuring Australias best and brightest medical researchers remain at the forefront of developing treatments and cures that will improve the lives of Australians and millions of people around the world. Today, we introduce legislation to create the $20 billion Medical Research Future Fund  the biggest endowment fund of []
I have asked Treasury to cost removing the GST from sanitary products. When I receive those costings, I will write to the states for them to consider the issue ahead of our next meeting in July
Over recent days, there has been some speculation about whether a parliamentary inquiry into the iron ore sector was necessary. After discussing the issue with regulatory bodies and stakeholders across the resources sector, the Government will not be initiating an inquiry at this time.
Growing Jobs and Small Business Package to help small businesses invest more, grow more, and employ more
The 2015 Budget is part of the Government's plan to build a strong, safe and prosperous future for all Australians. The Budget is about building jobs, growth and opportunity and providing a credible path to surplus. The new $5.5 billion Growing Jobs and Small Business package will help small businesses invest more, grow more, and []
The 2015 Budget is part of the Commonwealth Governments plan to build a strong, safe and prosperous future for all Australians. The Budget contains new measures and penalties to ensure that large multinational companies pay their fair share of tax. The government is continuing to work with tax authorities here and around the world to []
The 2015 Budget is part of the Commonwealth Governments plan to build a strong, safe and prosperous future for all Australians. The Government is delivering support to farmers, farm businesses and rural communities in drought-affected areas across Australia but is also facilitating investment in longer term preparedness measures. The Government will provide $70 million to []
The 2015 Budget is the next step in our responsible long-term plan to build a stronger, safer and more prosperous future for all Australians. This Budget builds on the progress we have made over the past twelve months in strengthening economic growth, jobs growth and the sustainability of our Budget. During that period we had []
Today I am announcing that the Government will be proceeding with two new major tax integrity measures in the Budget tomorrow night. Multinational Anti-Avoidance Law The first measure deals with the activities of 30 identified multinational companies. These companies are diverting profits earned in Australia away from Australia to no or low tax jurisdictions. After []
Federal Treasurer Joe Hockey and Parliamentary Secretary to the Treasurer Kelly ODwyer today announced a major investment in the Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS) to ensure the ABS is better positioned to meet the information needs of todays dynamic economy and changing society. In recognition of todays changing information environment and the needs of government, []
Following consultation with the States and Territories I have accepted the Commonwealth Grants Commission (CGC) recommendations on the GST revenue split across the States and Territories for 2015-16. The Government understands the fiscal difficulties facing Western Australia, particularly given the historically low GST relativity of 30 cents in the dollar and the significant falls in iron ore []
The hard working women and men of Australian small business are the engine room of our economy. Their innovative and entrepreneurial spirit will drive Australias economic future. There are already good signs the Commonwealth Government is getting the settings right for over two million small businesses across Australia. In 2014 new company registrations were the []
Todays interest rate cut is good news for families and small businesses. Importantly, it will help further stimulate economic growth and create more jobs. Now is the time for Australian businesses and households to borrow and invest. The Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA) cut in the official cash rate by 25 basis points  from 2.25 []
The Commonwealth Government is establishing a new taskforce to fight serious and organised financial crime. This type of crime poses a genuine threat to national security and to the integrity of Australias economy, financial markets, regulatory frameworks and tax revenue collection. The Government will provide $127.6 million over four years for investigations and prosecutions that []
The Commonwealth Government is taking action to strengthen the integrity of the foreign investment framework. Foreign investment is integral to Australias economy and we welcome all investment that is not contrary to our national interest. After extensive consultations on our Options Paper, we are announcing important reforms to foreign investment that will help to demonstrate []
This week the Minister for Foreign Affairs, Julie Bishop, and I announced that Australia will provide $10 million to the Asian Development Banks Asia Pacific Project Preparation Facility (AP3F). The Asian Development Bank estimates that over this decade, there will be an $8 trillion infrastructure financing gap in the Asian region. That is $8 trillion of []
Australia has enjoyed a surge in foreign investment under the Coalition Government. Once again, Australia is open for business. The Foreign Investment Review Board 2013-14 Annual Report shows a significant increase in both the number and value of approved foreign investments in Australia. Approval was given for $167.4 billion of proposed investment in 2013-14. This []
This week the Minister for Foreign Affairs, Julie Bishop, and I announced that Australia will provide $25 million to the World Bank Groups Global Infrastructure Facility (GIF). The GIF will facilitate greater private sector investment in the infrastructure of emerging market and developing countries. It aims to do this through complex public-private partnerships focused on projects []
The Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Rt. Hon. George Osborne, MP, and the Treasurer of Australia, the Hon. Joe Hockey, MP, announced during the course of the G20 meeting the urgent establishment of a joint working group to further consider and develop initiatives in relation to diverted profits by multinational enterprises. The G20 meeting in []
This week, in Washington, we are continuing to implement the G20s infrastructure agenda. This week I secured the commitment and financial contributions of China, Mexico, New Zealand, Republic of Korea, Saudi Arabia, Singapore and the United Kingdom to the Global Infrastructure Hub. Additional countries are expected to explicitly support the Hub through specific commitments over []
The Government is pleased to announce the appointment of Ms Carolyn Kay and Dr Jane Wilson as members of the Future Fund Board of Guardians. Both members will be appointed for a period of five years from 14 April 2015. Ms Kay and Dr Wilson both have extensive investment and board experience. Their respective backgrounds []
At 7:30pm on Tuesday 12 May 2015, the Treasurer will deliver the 2015-16 Budget in the House of Representatives. From 1:30pm on that day, embargoed Budget materials will be available to approved members of the media in a secure lock-up area in Parliament House, Canberra. Media organisations are now invited to apply to the Treasury []
This weekend I leave for the US to attend the G20 Finance Ministers and Central Bank Governors Meeting on 1617 April and the IMF World Bank Spring Meetings on 1718 April in Washington, D.C. The G20 and IMF World Bank meetings bring together Finance Ministers and Governors from around the world to discuss the major challenges []
The Government is committed to maintaining integrity in Australia's taxation system. The decision to disclose the information of taxpayers is entirely a matter for the Commissioner of Taxation as an independent statutory office holder. Confidentiality of taxpayer information has been a key feature of Australia's taxation system since the 1950s.
Foreign investment decision: acquisition of John Holland Group by China Communications Construction Company
Today I have approved the foreign investment proposal by CCCC International Holding Limited to acquire John Holland Group Pty Limited. John Holland is one of Australias largest engineering and construction companies and employs over 5,600 people in eight countries. CCCC International is a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Communications Construction Company (CCCC), the fourth-largest construction company []
Our tax system was built before the 1950s, before black-and-white televisions first appeared in Australian lounge rooms. This was when Australians were driving around in the latest model FJ Holden. When you think about how Australia has changed since this time, youd be right to wonder why we have almost exactly the same tax system. []
The story today in the Age implying that $3 billion of federal funding will be diverted to level crossing removal is wrong. The Australian Government is committed to the East West Link being built. I expressed emphatically to the Victorian Treasurer that the $3 billion, including the $1.5 billion already provided, is only for the []
Today marks the start of a conversation about how we bring a tax system built before the 1950s into the new century. The tax discussion paper, released today, begins a dialogue on how we create a tax system that supports higher economic growth and living standards, improves our international competiveness and adjusts to a changing []
The Government has released the Terms of Reference for the Productivity Commissions cost-benefit analysis on the best way to deliver a mobile broadband capability for public safety agencies. The Productivity Commission will now commence its analysis into the most efficient and cost-effective way of developing this capability by 2020. The Terms of Reference task the []
The Treasurer, Joe Hockey, and the Minister for Immigration and Border Protection, Peter Dutton, today announced that the Productivity Commission will commence an inquiry into the impact of charges relative to quotas and qualitative criteria to determine Australias migration programme settings. Treasurer Joe Hockey released the Terms of Reference for the review today. Mr Hockey []
Today I have approved the foreign investment proposal by Japan Post Co., Ltd. to acquire Toll Holdings Limited. Toll is Australia's largest supply chain company employing around 40,000 people, with operations in road, rail, sea, air and warehousing in 55 countries. Japan Post is a public corporation that provides postal services in Japan. The Government []
I am immensely saddened to hear of the passing of my friend Stuart Wagstaff. Stuart was an accomplished actor who received many accolades for his performances on screen and stage from Hollywood to Australia. He was a debonair and charming man with a keen wit and a respect for tradition. Stuart was very supportive of []
New South Wales will receive $2 billion in incentive payments from the Commonwealth for investment in crucial infrastructure projects. The incentive payments will be made under the Asset Recycling Initiative and used to support the NSW Government's infrastructure plan to create jobs, reduce congestion and boost growth. The agreement is based on the NSW Government's []
Today, the Government has released the 2015 Intergenerational Report. The Report is the social compact between the generations  children, grandchildren, parents, grandparents and each other. It projects what the Australian population, economy, and budget could look like in 40 years and shows that Australias best years are ahead of us. It also provides us with []
Today I have approved the proposal by JBS USA Holdings Inc (JBS), through its wholly-owned subsidiary, JBS Smallgoods HoldCo Australia Pty Ltd, to acquire Australian Consolidated Food Holdings Pty Ltd (Primo), subject to a number of important conditions in relation to services currently provided by Primo at its abattoir located in Scone, New South Wales.
Today the Treasurer, Joe Hockey, and the Minister for Trade and Investment, Andrew Robb, announced a Productivity Commission review that will aim to boost Australia's services exports. Services account for approximately 70 per cent of the Australian economy but only represent 20 per cent of Australia's total exports, indicating massive export growth potential. With over []
The Australian economy grew by a solid 0.5 per cent in the December quarter to be 2.5 per cent higher over the past year. This is up from a revised 0.4 per cent in the September quarter. Growth was supported by a welcome lift in household spending, strong exports and further investment outside of the []
Today I have made an order under the Foreign Acquisitions and Takeovers Act 1975 (the Act) for Golden Fast Foods Pty Ltd (Golden Fast Foods), to divest the established residential property at 63-67 Wolseley Road, Point Piper, in Sydney. The house - known as 'Villa del Mare'  was purchased for $39 million in November []
Federal Treasurer Joe Hockey and Swiss Ambassador Marcel Stutz today agreed to increase cooperation to tackle tax evasion. Supporting greater tax transparency and information exchange is a key way to crack down on those who deliberately try to avoid paying their fair share of tax. Australia is already a leader in the automatic exchange of []
The 2015 Intergenerational Report: Australia in 2055 (the Report) will be released at 12.00pm (AEDT) on Thursday, 5 March 2015. From 10.00am the Report and other embargoed material will be available to approved members of the media in a secure lockup area in Parliament House, Canberra. At 12.15pm the Treasurer will officially launch the Report at []
The Commonwealth Government will take action to strengthen Australias foreign investment framework for residential real estate and agriculture. Australias foreign investment policy for residential real estate is designed to increase Australias housing stock. This policy remains appropriate, but a lack of compliance and enforcement of the rules over recent years is threatening the integrity of []
Retail investors in Commonwealth Government Securities (CGS) will be able to exchange their holdings of CGS for the equivalent exchange-traded Australian Government Bond (eAGBs) line next month. Offer letters will soon go out to Treasury Bond and Treasury Indexed Bond holders who are listed on the Inscribed Stock Register as at the Offer date. eAGBs []
Federal Treasurer Joe Hockey and ACT Chief Minister Andrew Barr MLA today signed the first agreement under the Abbott Governments Asset Recycling Initiative. The ACT Government is selling nearly $400 million worth of assets and will be investing all of the proceeds into the Capital Metro light rail project. The ACT Government privatised ACTTAB in []
The Commonwealth Government is putting in place better scrutiny and reporting of foreign purchases of agricultural land  delivering on our commitment to the Australian people at the last election. The Government will continue to welcome foreign investment, but the community must have confidence that this investment is coming in on our terms and for []
The Government has been able to secure another important Budget saving in the Senate with the successful passage of the Tax Laws Amendment (Research and Development) Bill 2013. This measure was initiated and banked by Wayne Swan and the Gillard Labor government in their 201314 Budget, but never legislated. Now in Opposition Labor opposed their []
Today the Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA) cut the official cash rate by 25 basis points - from 2.5 per cent to a new record low of 2.25 per cent. This is good news for families and small business. Its good news for the economy and its good news for jobs. This is the first []
Today's release of the December quarter Consumer Price Index (CPI) shows inflation rising by a modest 0.2 per cent to be 1.7 per cent for the year. This is good news for Australian families to start 2015. Petrol prices have come down significantly, with the average price sitting at around 111 cents per litre - saving []
Declaration of a terrorist incident: Government acts to ensure payment of insurance claims for Lindt Caf incident
Following the tragic events at the Martin Place Lindt Caf in December 2014, I have today declared the siege a terrorist incident for the purposes of the Terrorism Insurance Act. Prior to making this decision, appropriate consultation was undertaken with the Attorney-General and a number of stakeholders, including the Insurance Council of Australia. The Government []
I wanted to illuminate something on the island that is both private and very serene, but also very easy to pass by without much notice. As a disclaimer, I happen to find cemeteries very appealing for their inherent peacefulness and for the insight they provide into different cultures, so I tend to visit them when traveling. In recent years the Mustique Company set aside a plot of land on a gently sloping hill near the airport to serve as a permanent burial ground for the islands natives and villa owners alike, should they chose it to be their final resting place. The cemetery is bordered with a hand-made, white fence along one side and by dense trees on the other three. So far the island has been fortunate to have lost very few from their community  there are only about seven plots which have been filled to date.
Graves are dug by the loved ones of the departed and a burial is followed with joyous celebration of life (and probably some local rum too!). Each grave is lovingly bordered with a small enclosure of poured concrete which creates a natural flower bed in the center and delineates the plot. Some are decorated with conch shells, which can be found in abundance on the islands beaches. Each headstone is identical in size and style, putting everyone on a level plane. The stones appear to be made of poured concrete as well, which has debossed black lettering. In the end, they all exhibit a beautiful restrained simplicity.
As one would expect on an island, cemeteries eventually become very crowded. There is no way to expand when youre surrounded by water. For many years cemeteries such as that in Venice, Italy have been placed on a system of rotation, where a family has access to a particular plot for a finite number of years, at which point the body is exhumed and the plot turned over to someone else. The cemeteries on St. Vincent are to a point of over crowding as well, though there there are frequently no markers, so one wouldnt guess when visiting the cemetery. The Mustique Cemetery has provided some relief for this problem and a permanent final resting place for the islands wonderful people.
Interestingly, another option is a burial at sea. One villa owner chose this route not too long ago, requesting everyone to wear white. The beach was flooded with loving bystanders who assisted in pushing the flotilla out to see.
This entry was posted in Travel. Bookmark the permalink. Both comments and trackbacks are currently closed.
Ok, going to a movie at 3:30, hopefully i can start my essay around 6ish and finish before 10ish?? it's only 500 words anyway
What can you learn from writing a research essay quiz stockton university admissions essay lincoln kirstein walker evans essays how to write a good introduction sentence for an essay creative phrases for essay writing xyz cheap dissertation assistance hospice essay? engin kayadelen dissertation argumentative essay on reality tv essay about philippine culture on how it affects our literature light and dark imagery in a clean well lighted place essay. Globalization essay pte research paper about psychology xl phone essays research paper about hamlet marie curie essay creative writing sixth grade internship summary essay papers photo comparison essay essay the person i admire is my father microsoft research papers biology the future of storytelling animation essay a bend in the river essay essay on varnashrama systemic dissertation proofreading service dogs About to work on these two midterm essay questions and make em count baby.
Please send an email to mukarakaplan@yahoo.com to request the most recent versions of my research papers.
"School District Consolidation Policies: Endogenous Cost Inefficiency and Saving Reversals" with L. Kutlu, Empirical Economics. 2018
"The Effects of Multi-Dimensional Competition on Education Market Outcomes" Doctoral dissertation, Texas A&M University, 2012.
"Costs, Competition, and Consolidation" with T. J. Gronberg, D. W. Jansen, and L. L. Taylor. A report prepared for the Education Research Center at Texas A&M University. 2010.
"The Conditional Effects of External Debt of Inflation" Journal of Social and Economic Research, 2009
"The Effects of Aid on Foreign Direct Investment: The Roles of Governance and Financial Market Development" Masters Thesis, Bilkent University, 2005.
$19,113,403. Co-Investigator. External grant by the Investing for Innovation (i3) Fund of the US Department of Education. StartSmart: New Mexico K-3 Plus Extended School Year - Validation Study
Principal Investigator. External grant by the Houston Education Research Consortium, a research partnership between the Houston Independent School District and Rice University. "Education Sub-Markets and Student Mobility Decision"
Hey folks, been awhile since my last note letting folks know what was happening in the trucking business.
Well its not all bad. As most of you know the fuel price is slowly coming down, although not as fast as it went up, but still much better than it was. The drop, which is not as much as gas prices, still has a substantial effect on the bottom line. From a high of $4.89 per gallon to todays current price of about $3.50, it is certainly a big savings when the average over the road truck will burn between 5-600 gallons a week. Thats the good news.
Now here is some of the not so pleasant news and a lot of the reason you will not see prices on commodities come down any time soon. Cost of operations skyrocketed as the price of fuel went out of sight, tires and parts to keep these rigs on the road increased nearly 50 percent as it takes oil to produce both rubber and steel.
As inventories had to be replaced prices skyrocketed due to oil increases. Now, one year later, after dealing with all the increases of doing business, the stock market crashes and takes with it any ideas people may have had of trying to increase their business. Not much building going on; the lumber business in Maine alone is off drastically. Has anyone been to a big box store, Lowes or Home Depot lately? Like a small ghost town when I was there recently! Folks, its not just here in Maine either. We have trucks traveling all over the eastern half of the country and the story is the same everywhere. No money, no work!
That all being said, let me fill you in on some the political stink thats in the air. First, isnt it nice that our Maine turnpike authority can just raise rates, 23 percent in fact, because they dont have enough money to meet expenses? I feel their pain, believe me, but do you suppose they ever heard of cutting back on expenses? Maybe, just maybe, they could do without quite so many people standing on a shovel watching one man work. Or maybe they could stop riding up and down the turnpike plowing water 10 hours after the snow has passed and turned to rain. Oops, I forgot, thats all overtime and we cant cut that.
Or maybe, just maybe, turnpike officials could have their next cocktail party out in one of the luxury garages that they fix equipment in rather than at the Inn by the Bay for $4-5000, or cut out the trip to Italy to check out the European roads for twenty odd thousand bucks. Its not a lot but $10,000 here and $10,000 there and pretty soon youre talking real money! Seems to me like maybe we need to look at the budget of the turnpike a little closer before we just roll over and enjoy their 23 percent increase in tolls.
To put it in perspective, from Portland to York in an 18-wheeler will cost 80 cents a mile or $36 to go 44 miles, in tolls and road taxes. If thats not enough, trucks can only use two out of the three lanes available; thats two thirds, for full price! Hows that fair? Does one think that any of these hikes in cost will have a bearing on what goods will cost down the road a ways?
The Coalition to Lower Fuel Prices, which we formed last winter to help educate people on the ever escalating fuel cost has been asked to sit on a task force that is overseeing the fine structure here in Maine as it pertains to trucks. It is fairly common knowledge in the trucking business that we in Maine have one of the highest fine structures for violations in the country.
One of our members who runs a six axle truck, permitted for 100,000 lbs., was cited for being over weight by 2500 lbs. in Maine, and the fine was almost $900 dollars. Two weeks later he was stopped in New Hampshire and his permit had expired for 100,000 weight and they automatically go back to federal limit of 80,000 lbs, this made him over weight by almost 20,000 lbs., almost ten times as much as Maine: fine, 300 bucks! One might say just the cost of doing business. I would say just one more thing that makes Maine anti-business!
Well enough of the ranting, Our coalition has found a lot of work to do to improve the trucking climate in the state, and the dialogue that was developed last winter and spring with the Governor and legislature surely will be beneficial in dealing with all the politics involved.
I thank all of those who have supported us. Your words of encouragement were priceless in our battle with state and federal officials. Till next time, God bless and keep on truckin!
 2010 DeweyDigger. All rights reserved. All copyright rights in the Dewey Decimal Classification system are owned by OCLC. Dewey, Dewey Decimal Classification, DDC, OCLC and WebDewey are registered trademarks of OCLC. Used with Permission.
Railway ministry is all set to launch special tourist train --Shri Ramayana Express on November 14. The train will cover destinations associated with the life of Lord Ram including destinations in Sri Lanka.
Vadodara: Indian passengers are often known for the heavy luggage that they carry while commuting between shorter or longer distances. In fact, there are times when coaches of the national transporter - the Indian Railways  are often burdened with such heavy luggage. This habit of travellers is also being considered...
Sandwiched between Doddajala and Devanahalli railway stations in Bengaluru, the trumpet flyover is in the midst of all conversations on the topic of suburban rail since it helps a lot of commuters reach the Kempegowda International Airport easily, thus avoiding the citys unnerving traffic woes.
The train left from Shimla Railway Station on Sunday and reached Kalka with railway staff on board, completing successful trial run.
Important Note: This website NEVER solicits for Money or Donations. Please beware of anyone requesting/demanding money on behalf of IRI. Thanks.
Blog Category: Select Blog CategoryGeneral TravelSite-RelatedGreetingsRail FanningRail Anecdote/JokeQuizTravelogueTravel QuestionInfo UpdateRail BudgetRail NewsTrain TipStation TipFan SpotPollListSite AnnouncementPic UploadSite SuggestionNews Reply
2797123-0: indiarailinfo.com/train/71757?kkk=151127 IMG54336/MUMBAI CENTRAL DHANBAD TRI WEEKLY SUPERFAST EXPRESS (PT) - Railway Enquiry
VADODARA: Nearly 5,000 railway stations across the length and breadth of the country will be Wi-Fi enabled in the next couple of months, Ashwani Lohani, chairman of the Railway Board has said. We have already implemented the Wi-Fi project at 711 railway stations. Now, the proposal is to cover over 5,000...
Aiming to reduce heavy rush on ticket counters Indian Railway is all set to install Automatic Ticket Vending Machine (ATVM) at Bokaro Railway station which might start working in next fifteen days, informed AK Choudhary Senior DCM of Adra Division of SE Railway.Besides Bokaro, ATVM will also be installed at Adra,...
Hyderabad: South Central Railway (SCR) General Manager (GM), Vinod Kumar Yadav on Monday advised senior railway officials to sensitize the trackmen and patrolmen on safety during the winter season, according to a press release from SCR.In a review meeting, the senior SCR official instructed the DRMs to conduct safety seminars on...
Maha govt actively supporting these infrastructure projects, which seek to improve transportation and passenger amenities.
Klkedisi masaln geree dntrecek Norma Jeane Mortenson 1926 ylnda dnyaya geldi. Dnyann en gzel kadn. Bizim bildiimiz adyla Marilyn Monroe.
All submitted content remains copyrighted to its original copyright holder. Images are for personal, non commercial use.
drawer design simple dishes organizer works really well navigation drawer material design in android studio.
dresser drawer design ideas navigation material in androidhive wall shelves with drawers android studio,how to design drawer layout in android dresser plans 3 dressing table with mirror kitchen ideas,kitchen drawer design ideas get inspired by photos of for plans,signature design by two drawer chest with solid wood without handle navigation material in androidhive how to layout android,navigation drawer material design in android for wardrobe commode drawers closet ideas,build kitchen cabinets install drawer slides free design plans ideas for bedroom designs woodworking,kitchen drawer design ideas for wardrobe string shelving chest of drawers buy online today utility,eclipse create order inside your drawers design how to drawer layout in android material navigation kitchen ideas,drawer furniture chest of drawers ideas for your material design navigation in android eclipse kitchen androidhive,kitchen drawer organization design your drawers so everything has cabinet ideas navigation material in android studio eclipse.
Copyright 2018 writersplanet.org	. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress & Designed by Cyclone Themes
Just a short ROW 80 check-in today. Im happy to report that despite distractions galore, Ive been keeping my focus on my writing and other important goals. So far this week Ive written 2327 new words on my WIP, The Heart of the Goddess. Ive made a new plan to get back on track with blogging, which has slipped a bit this summer. I outlined my September post for the Kind Over Matter website, which is due Friday.
Today, besides the book, Im working on writing website and marketing copy for our free e-book collaboration, Goddess Awakening: The Rise of the Feminine Divine, which gets published on September 12th (eek! so excited!).
This was the week of the triple birthdays  my Mom, my Aunt (who lives right next door), and my son were all celebrating. We had a fantastic triple birthday bash, with 16 people all eating outside on my Aunts deck. It was so much fun! We also had some friends visiting for part of the weekend, and then an annual family reunion with my Dads side of the family tree. So, its been quite a busy patch, which is normal for us for late August.
Still, Ive made some writing progress since last Sunday. Im now at 77,244 words on my WIP, which means I wrote 2948 words this week. Not too bad. I also had a polarity session with my favorite healer, and as a result had a bunch of personal journaling to do. I feel like Im in a really good space right now, making progress on creative projects and upgrading my mindset in general.
Amazingly, I also got some swimming in. BlackLion and I are making plans with our fantastic photographer (aka his Mom), to do a book cover shoot soon. Well be doing a two-fer, since we need a cover for the e-book collaboration were working on as well as my WIP. My daughter is going to be the cover model again. This time our setting will be the seashore. Seems to go well with two works that are focused on the Feminine Divine! We now have all the material for the e-book collaboration, and were just working on transcribing and editing.
My focus for this week will be on writing, transcribing, and editing, and Im rather looking forward to it. Oh, and I need to get caught up on a bit of blogging, as well. I hope you have a wonderful week, whether youre heading on into fall mode or, like me, still savoring the last few weeks of summer.
Im a member of this Facebook group where some friends and acquaintances share gratitude lists. It ebbs and flows, with people dropping in when they feel like expressing what they love about their current moments. This week Ive been deliberately focusing on gratitude, so I posted on the group every day. I want to share todays post with you:
Today was a long poem of gratitude, rest, and just BEing. I love sleeping in. I love rising slowly, and my lover making me breakfast. I love meditating, and writing in my journal. I am thankful for my home and I love keeping it tidy and pretty. I love my cats hanging around, purring, preening, sleeping, the usual cat things  and sharing their intense beauty with me. I love reading. I love taking a nap, just because my eyes got sleepy. I love the breeze flowing in my window. I love making salsa to share with my family, and making it together is fun, the laughter and kitchen ballet. I love having my kids and their loves around. I love that I worked on my book because it felt like the most fun thing to do before dinner. I love eating together and telling stories with my family. I love that we adopt people into the fold so seamlessly, and that my kids companions feel comfortable and cared for here. I love that BlackLion offered to go out so I could still stay in my PJs  I love staying in them all day without meaning to. I love this restful day.
Thats just what I needed after a very busy week. Im still making steady progress on the Heart of the Goddess book. My word count is now 74,296 on the way to a target of 120K. Getting there! I dont know if Ill finish by my self-imposed deadline or not, but luckily since Im creating the deadline, I can move it as needed. Well, within reason. I do want this book to launch in early November.
We have nearly all the material we need for our Divine Feminine e-book collaboration. We have 14 amazing contributors, and I cannot wait to share this material with the world! Its really fantastic. And were making all kinds of wonderful connections with people around it, already. Im so excited! We also make our 4th video for another collaboration were part of  and discovered that even though we were very late submitting the video, its okay because theyve had a delay in the launch. Weve got some time to make our 5th video when we get to it. We had a little extra fun with this video, as you can see in the picture  thats BlackLion about to interview my daughter ElvenTiger.
Ive been walking and swimming a lot, still. The weather is just gorgeous. Summer in Maine  theres nothing like it. I know Im really blessed to live in a place that is considered a vacation destination for so many people. Im very thankful.
I guess thats all for now. I wish you a fun and creative week, and I hope you enjoy the final weeks of summer!
Its been two weeks since my last update here. Time flies! Im still working on my WIP, and thats my main focus this Round. Im now at 68,212 words, on my way to 120K or so. That means Ive written 8,106 new words in the past two weeks. Not bad, but not the pace Im looking for, if Im to reach my goal of finishing the draft by early September. I guess its my stately summer pace. I want to find ways to pick up that pace, while still enjoying all the summer activities and getting other work done.
Im not sure how to do that. I do have some research that I still need to do before writing some of the sections, so that will help. Ive made it a priority to do that research in the near future. Other suggestions for picking up the pace are certainly welcome! Its not that easy to do writing sprints with a non-fiction project. I might need to start scheduling multiple writing sessions in the day, since I only seem able to come up with 700 to 1000 words in each session.
My goal of building community for my business, Feline Dreamers, is going well. Were now compiling the interviews for our Feminine Divine e-book project, and the content is fantastic. We have a bunch of really inspiring leaders who are participating. Im very excited about that! Were plugging along with the monthly workshops, and gradually preparing for our other upcoming events, all while keeping up with our blog and newsletter. Im happy with our progress so far, though of course I wish we were bringing in some money.
My physical health goals are going well, too. Ive been doing lots of swimming  in ocean, river, and lake  and walking. Im eating less, and have lost a few pounds over the past couple of weeks. My spiritual practices are going strongly, and for the most part Im having fun. The family is generally well, and I really cant complain. So I wont.
Im writing this with my dear Percy cat on my lap, and a steady rain falling outside my window  weve had a bit of a drought here, so its much needed. Its also good weather for getting some blogging and other tasks done. I hope your week is productive and enjoyable. Blessings!
Pronoia is the Antidote for Paranoia: How the Whole World is Conspiring to Shower You With Blessings
After hearing and discussing an excerpt from Sharon Creechs Walk Two Moons, students will plan to create a unique description of a character that uses memorable actions that show a persons character. They will brainstorm verbs that might prove or show two personality traits. Students will then turn their brainstorm into an original character sketch that shows the reader both personality traits, borrowing techniques from Creech's novel. Teachers: click here to read the entire lesson plan.
Students will focus on the trait of idea development, in particular using vivid and memorable detail. Author Sharon Creech does a great job of using specific details to show (and not just tell) us her characters. Word choice is a secondary trait focus, modled after Creech's use of strong verbs to describe what her character does and doesnt do. Creech paints a compelling picture with her choice of words to describe her character.
I'm realizing that all food tells a story. Many times it lies largely undetected in the fabric of our lives, yet sets a vivid background for our most significant memories.
Two of my favorite summer tastes combined in one delicious treat. Lemon and blueberries. Living so close to Michigan, blueberries are so abundant this time of year. I made this yummy cake for my husband's birthday and it was definitely a hit. So much so that I had a request to remake it for Labor Day - only the second time I made it as cupcakes. The cupcakes were definitely a hit, but I think I'm recommending this as a layer cake. Getting mouthful after mouthful of tender cake, tangy icing and fresh blueberries is the way this dessert should be enjoyed. It will take a few steps, but it is well worth it.
Cream shortening; add sugar and beat well. Add egg yolks one at a time until combined. Beat at medium speed until well creamed.
In a separate bowl, combine flour, baking powder and salt, and wisk together. Add flour mixure to creamed mixture alternatively with milk, beginning and ending with flour mixture. Add zest and lemon extract and blend well.
Pour batter into three greased and floured 8 or 9 inch round cake pans. Bake at 350 for 25-30. Cool in pans for 10 min and then remove from pans to cool completely.
In a medium saucepan, combine 2 cups of blueberries, sugar and water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer a minute or two. Strain most juice off of the blueberries (but reserve just in case your filling gets too thick). Turn off heat. Add cornstarch to lemon juice and mix until cornstarch is dissolved. Add cornstarch mixture to blueberries and stir until sauce is thickened. You're going to want it to be pretty thick so it doesn't run off of your cake. Add 1 cup of fresh blueberries. Stir a couple of times and let it sit to cool.
Cream the butter, zest, vanilla and lemon extract and salt until fluffy. Add sugar alternatively with milk until mixture is cream and smooth. Add lemon juice and blend. Add more sugar or milk to achieve desired consistency. P.S. - You will probably need to double this if you do a three-layer cake or use as much frosting as I do.
Frost the top of each layer of cake with a thin layer. Place blueberry filling on top of the frosting, in the center of the layer, leaving at least one inch around the sides. Stack cake, then frost top and sides of cake.
For sale is this vintage B & M KEG-LITE style 6" Fresnel lens 750 watt spot stage light. Made in USA in California. Heavy, serious lighting equipment. Needs new wiring, has a few dents, cleaning up and a few paint touch up areas. A different socket could be install for less energy use. Being sold as is, look at photos and u judge and bid accordingly! It will be partially dis assembled for shipping. Untested.
SoonerCare Choice is Oklahomas statewide managed care model in which each member is linked to a primary care provider who serves as their 'medical home'. PCPs manage the basic health care needs, including after hours care and specialty referral of the members on their panel. In exchange for this service, each PCP is prepaid a fixed monthly capitated payment for care coordination. Visit-based services are paid under the fee for service system. SoonerCare Choice has more than 500,000 members enrolled statewide and more than 2,000 PCPs.
The OHCA Quality Assurance and Improvement Department generates four kinds of provider profiles twice a year. One profile relates to emergency room utilization, and three profiles pertain to preventive health services (breast cancer screening, cervical cancer screening and Child Health Checkups).
Archeologists have recently discovered jade ware that dates back over 4,000 years at a site in central China's Hubei Province, local authorities said Monday.
Jade battle-axes, an astronomical instrument and a tube, dating back to between 4,600 to 5,100 years ago, have been unearthed at the Mulintou site in Baokang County.
Besides jade ware, other items including human skeletons, stoneware and pottery have also been found at the site.
"A jade battle-axe was considered as a symbol of power. The astronomical instrument also indicated owners of the tombs were high-level people," said archeologist team leader Da Haobo.
Fang Qin, curator of the provincial museum, said that the new findings are crucial for the study of the funeral customs of the Qujialing culture, a late Neolithic culture discovered in the middle reaches of the Yangtze River.
There, the inspector for mission Gottfried Holland and the secretary general Frank Spatz planted the tree in a ceremony on the 8th of November 2017. Frank Spatz presented the background of the concept by explaining the connection to the Luthergarten in Wittenberg. Gottfried Holland as well as Carlos Kunz (director of the MEUC) emphasised the importance of a relation between the MEUC and the Evangelical Gnadauer Association. Moreover an information board was installed to establish a memorial site for the reformation anniversary. As a reminder of the shared community of faith stands a quote from the 2nd Cor 5.19.20: "In Christ God was reconciling the world to himself, not counting their trespasses against them, and entrusting to us the message of reconciliation. Therefore, we are ambassadors for Christ, God making his appeal through us. We implore you on behalf of Christ, be reconciled to God."
I have been working on a butterfly and pollinator garden with a local troop of Girl Scouts, and right now the asters are in full bloom! Brilliantly vibrant, these long blooming, cold hardy, late season perennials invite our native pollinators and  Continue Reading 
Feeling Fall - by Heidi Brosseau School is in session. Our spring is back in the company of teachers, crowded hallways, cafeterias, and library books. Football practice has  Continue Reading 
When you mention fall perennials and annuals - the first thing that crosses most people's thoughts are Mums. We do have a nice supply of Mums still available - however -  Continue Reading 
Here is an excellent idea for the Holidays, so many times I am driving down the road and stop at a stoplight when a homeless person will approach me and ask for money.
Do you have a favorite Christmas movie? How many Christmas movies have you seen? My favorite is Elf I love that movie I never get tired of seeing it.
Last Friday authorities with the Garfield County Sheriffs Office were called to investigate nine puppies abandoned in a wooded area near Rifle.
The Butterball hotline is now open, and anyone can call if they have a question about how to cook a turkey and the best methods. Call 800-288-8372 for help.
Balut is a bird embryo that is boiled and eaten from the shell. I heard about it when I lived on the Island of Guam, and many Philippinos loved it.
Midterms are over, and big changes are already affecting Colorado. However, Colorado has always been a place where change is welcome and accepted, including the historic action that was taken 125 years ago to this day.
Now that winter as pretty much arrived I see skiing in my future. Here is what you had to say about what you would like to do.
Frontier Airlines passengers traveling to Colorado were treated to the best safety demonstration/comedy routine we've ever seen.
Here's this week's reminder not to feed the wildlife in Colorado. Exhibit A: Deer With Raging Testosterone Take Over Local Subway.
Spectra Disposable Breast Milk Storage Bags are self-standing and BPA free for convenience and safety. The bags prevent leaks and can be used in the fridge or freezer for simple storage.
Categories: Breastfeeding Accessories, Storage, Products by Lifestyle, Exclusively Pumping, Brands, Spectra
a blog website? The account helped me a acceptable deal. I had been tiny bit acquainted of this your broadcast offered bright clear concept
Something wrong with this post? Thanks for letting us know. If you can point us in the right direction...
Kelly Boob Book is an honest forum for parents to find breastfeeding resources and share information about products they have used.
Family in the park  Utica Macomb Shelby Twp Rochester Hills Troy Clarkston family photography  Kelly Scaccia Portrait Photography Blog specializing in newborn, baby, children, family and senior portraits of Lake Orion, Michigan
Kelly Scaccia Portrait Photography Blog specializing in newborn, baby, children, family and senior portraits of Lake Orion, Michigan
Portraits of newborn, baby, children, kids, family & high school senior photography of Lake Orion, Michigan servicing surrounding areas of Rochester, Rochester Hills, Auburn Hills, Oxford, Macomb Township, Washington Township, Shelby Township, Troy, Sterling Heights, New Baltimore, New Haven, Bloomfield, West Bloomfield and Birmingham. Kelly Scaccia Photography Lake Orion.
This family was an honor to photograph. Not only did we have a lot of fun and laughs, dad walked away with a brand new nickname courtesy of yours truly. It was so funny how it happened toohe and I both didnt hear what the other said very well and thats how it happened. I started calling Bridge and it stuck. Thats his new name. When they carry-out after, mom told me thats the name they put the food under!
 Twins  high school senior photography Novi Northville Farmington Hills Clarkston MichiganGrowing up  kids photography Utica Troy Shelby Twp 
Family portraits  Family photography Rochester Oakland Utica Macomb Shelby Twp Birmingham Farmington Hills
Happy birthday! Baby photography Rochester Hills Oakland Twp Macomb Shelby Twp Auburn Hills Lake Orion
High-dose chemotherapy and autologous peripheral blood stem cell transplantation with BCVAC regimen followed by maintenance chemotherapy for children with very high risk acute lymphoblastic leukemia
1. Seoul National University College of Medicine, Seoul National University Childrens Hospital, Department of Pediatrics, Cancer Research Institute
Allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) is the recommended treatment for children with very high risk acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL), but it requires adequate institutional infrastructure, experience, and expertise, especially for alternative donor HSCT. We review our experience with high-dose chemotherapy (HDCT) and autologous peripheral blood stem cell transplantation (APBSCT), followed by post-APBSCT maintenance chemotherapy for children with very high risk ALL. Between August 1997 and November 2012, our institute was not successful with HLA-haploidentical HSCT. Thus, if patients lacked HLA-matched allogeneic donors or cord blood donors, we treated them with HDCT and APBSCT with carmustine, etoposide, cytarabine, and cyclophosphamide, followed by post-APBSCT maintenance chemotherapy with vincristine, oral prednisolone, methotrexate, and 6-mercaptopurine.Ten patients underwent HDCT and APBSCT due to relapse, biphenotype leukemia, Philadelphia translocation, MLL rearrangement, hypodiploidy, and initial white blood cell count above 20.0  109/L. At a median 7.4 years from HDCT to APBSCT, overall survival (OS) was 70.0%  14.5% and event-free survival (EFS) was 70.0%  14.5%. Adverse events were tolerable, without treatment-related mortality.This historical analysis may be a useful reference when allogeneic HSCT including alternative donor HSCT cannot be performed for children with very high risk ALL.
"You cant worry about what everybody else thinks, because there are always going to be haters. You have to do things for yourself, not for anybody else." - Vanessa Hudgens
in	Driveways / Exteriors / Garages / New Construction Projects / Stone	by hugh	20 Jul 2013	0	comments
It seems I forgot to post my October book list last month so I'm going to post it now and November's tomorrow since it's getting too late for me.
William G. Tapply Dark Tiger The 3rd Stoney Calhoun mystery. He's a fishing and hunting guide in the Maine woods. I rated it a 5.
John Sandford Rough Country The 3rd book in the Virgil Flowers series, a spinoff of his Lucas Davenport "Prey" books. He's a Minnesota cop who gets all the hard cases. I rated it a 5.
Kathy Reichs Devil Bones, 206 Bones The 11th and 12th books in the Temperance Brennan series. This series is the source of the television show "Bones." She's a forensic anthropologist on Montreal and South Carolina. I rated them both a 5.
Joanne Fluke Cream Puff Murder, Plum Pudding Murder The 11th and 12th books in the Hannah Swenson series. She's a cookie baker in Minnesota. Books include recipes I want to try. I rated them a 5.
Kim Harrison Unbound An anthology of short stories by several different authors, mainly featuring a supporting character in their series. I rated it a 5 though there are 1 or 2 stories that I didn't care for in the book.
Steve White & Shirley Meier Exodus This is the 5th book in the Starfire series written by Steve White and David Weber and is set about 80 years into the future from the last book. And yes, I also rated it a 5.
Introduction into the new Security 2 (S2) framework for smart home devices and controllers, gateways and hubs.
Tip: Click on the Noblesse 249 manga image to go to the next page. You can use left and right keyboard keys to browse between pages.
Noblesse 249 released! You are now reading Noblesse 249 online. If you are bored from Noblesse manga, you can try surprise me link at top of page or select another manga like Noblesse 249 from our huge manga list.
January February March April May June July August September October November December 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 close
News: Breaking stories & updates - The TelegraphLatest breaking news, including politics, crime and celebrity. Find stories, updates and expert opinion.View more details >
PugValley [Model Trains - Manufacturers]Bachmann Manufacturer of N, HO, O, and G scale products and accessories. Bachmann Branchline See for yourself the rapid strides made by Bachmann in the development of ...View more details >
crushing, screening, washing, grinding equipment CGM mining application. Mining and construction equipment manfuactured by CGM Machinery plays an important role in mineral handling. The crushing, screening, washing ...View more details >
Dust Collection Research - DuctingThese firms are known for offering good quality spiral duct, elbows, fittings, and other sheet metal products for about 1/4 the cost of some of the "dust collection ...View more details >
Business News, Personal Finance and Money Find the latest business news on Wall Street, jobs and the economy, the housing market, personal finance and money investments and much more on ABC NewsView more details >
Water jet Cutting Machine job shops in USIf you want a click-able link on this site, please provide a reciprocal link back to us. CNC Water Jet Machine On Sale,2015-6-21View more details >
McMaster-Carr - Official SiteMcMaster-Carr supplies products used to maintain manufacturing plants and large commercial facilities worldwide.View more details >
3D printing - Wikipedia3D printing, also known as additive manufacturing (AM), refers to processes used to synthesize a three-dimensional object in which successive layers of material are ...2016-12-21View more details >
Phonograph - WikipediaIn American English, "phonograph", properly specific to machines made by Edison, was sometimes used in a generic sense as early as the 1890s to include cylinder ...2016-12-19View more details >
Kijiji - Official SiteVisit Kijiji Classifieds to buy, sell, or trade almost anything! Used cars, pets, jobs, services, electronics, homes, boats for sale and more locally anywhere in Canada.View more details >
CreamiesBack in the late 1950s Creamies was asked by a grade school principal to make a frozen treat with milk instead of sugar water. Creamies developed an ice milk bar made ...View more details >
Technology News - 2017 Innovations and Future The Enigma machine's cipher technology featured in the Imitation Game movie will be used to generate codes more secure than those on the back of credit cards.View more details >
Silhouette Cameo: problems and solutions - Do you have a love/hate relationship with your Silhouette Cameo? If you answered, yes, then you are amongst the majority. I have received so many comments and e ...View more details >
Baler, United States, Equipment, US Map, Free, Zip Baler, United States, Equipment, US Map, Free, Zip Code, Lookup, 50 States, City, Data, US, Cities, Search, Postal CodesView more details >
Please note that this documentation is available for various countries all over the world and hence it may contain statements not applicable to your country.
By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policyx
AbstractIn information propagation, users have forwarding preference when receiving same message repeatedly. Modeling forwarding preference is fundamental to information propagation and other related applications, e.g., influence analytics, cascade dynamics and social recommendation. In this paper, we suggest forwarding preference is mainly affected by interpersonal influence, determined by both influence and susceptibility from the sender and the receiver, respectively. We propose to model such user-specific latent influence and susceptibility by the Forwarding Preference Model. We compare our proposed model with state-of-the-art forwarding preference models on the dataset from Weibo, which demonstrates that the proposed model consistently outperforms other methods at two evaluation measures.
In a bid to stay on top of emerging edgier competitors, beauty brand Sally Hansen has created a product which allows consumers to recreate salon trends at home. Sally Hansen Salon Effects Nail Nail Polish Strips are embedded with real nail polish and can be applied in the comfort of ones own home by simply peeling off a protective layer, then fitting and filing the nail.
The strips were designed to mimic the effects of the widely popular salon process, Minx, a favourite with celebrities such as Lady Gaga. It can cost more than 30 to have Minx nails applied, and the process is often time-consuming.
Minx is very big, and weve found a way to allow women to do it at home for much less, said the vice president of marketing for the sally Hansen Group, Annette Devita. We looked at how we can translate Minx at home.
The strips, which last ten days are DBP, toluene and formaldehyde-free, odourless and do not need to dry. Designs include neon, metallic and high-shine patterns and will cost just under ten dollars for a set containing sixteen strips (room for mistakes!), a cuticle stick, a mini file-buffer and full instructions.
Diese Website benutzt Cookies. Wenn du die Website weiter nutzt, gehen wir von deinem Einverstndnis aus.OK
A large, national retail chain came to Kaploss with a security issue. They had acquired another retail chain and wanted to remodel the acquired stores and safely store merchandise during renovation. They were using temporary trailers outside of each of the store locations that needed to be secured while merchandise was being stored. We were asked to secure these trailers.
Kaploss supplied and installed high security trailer locks as well as high security padlocks and keys. Our service department scheduled with our certified network of locksmithing technicians the installation of above mentioned products with store management personnel and once store was remodeled, we removed hardware and re-cycled from one location to the next.
All merchandise in temporary trailers were secured. Our service technicians promptly responded to the needs of the store managers so merchandise was brought into the renovated stores immediately. We ultimately saved our client time, money and peace of mind.
Kaploss Security took control of securing merchandise for over 1500 temporary trailers at over 700 store locations. We successfully scheduled installation, removal and re-cycling of our security hardware till end of project. A job well done.
One of our major national chain store clients needed to reduce operating expenses and improve security of its stores. They had a large volume of employee turnover. With the large employee turnover comes the task of managing keys used at retail locations. Kaploss Security, Inc. suggested and implemented the Insta-Key System to enable greater key control and cut costs.
Prior to initiating the Insta-Key System, locksmiths had to be called in regularly to re-key locks and cut new keys which skyrocketed security costs.
Insta-Key offers interchangeable key cores that can be installed in most existing door lock hardware. The Insta-Key cores use patented technology that enable a step-change key to enter an existing lock and re-key (reconfigure) that lock, rendering all existing keys inoperable with a single key turn. Each core is capable of nine re-keys, each requiring a re-key kit. A kit includes step-change key and a full set of keys to be distributed to all employees after the re-key is completed. This ensures continual store access by all current employees and lowers costs dramatically.
phone not allowed MM #6 HTC, I get this message when attempting to activate the phone. I've already tried a soft reset and removing the SIM card, but I still can't get the phone to work. Pls. help.
Is it okay that my cell phone still shows the name of the previous wireless service, even after I unlocked my phone? sujonbd FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) 0 09-14-2012 13:13
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 March 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015
Gwadar GDA 3 1 kanal plots for sale, 8 Marla plots for sale, 500 square yard plot prices, 1 kanal plot prices, 8 Marla plot prices, Gwadar GDA 3 residential plot, 100 square yards commercial plot, Gwadar GDA 3 industrial plot, Gwadar GDA 3 official websites, 500 square yards plot prices, booking office, 5 MARLA plots prices,
250 square yards plot for sale, Gwadar GDA 3 3 Kanal plot for sale, 5 Marla plot for sale, 250 square yards plot for sale, 3 Kanal plot prices, 5 Marla plot prices, Gwadar GDA 3 commercial plot price, 8 Marla commercial plot price, Gwadar GDA 3 4 Marla commercial plot price, Gwadar GDA 3 commercial plots for sale, 8 Marla commercial plots for sale, 4 Marla commercial plots for sale, Gwadar GDA 3 1 kanal plot for sale, 8 Marla plot for sale,
10 Marla plots rates, 5 Marla plots rates, residential plot, Gwadar GDA 3 Location map, Gwadar GDA 3 industrial plot for sale, Gwadar GDA 3 residential plot for sale, 500 square yard plot prices, Gwadar GDA 3 commercial plots for sale, 8 Marla commercial plots for sale, 4 Marla commercial plots for sale, GDA 3 Gwadar Map 250 square yards plot prices, Gwadar GDA 3 3 Kanal plot prices, Gwadar GDA 3 5 Marla plot prices, 250 square yards plot prices,
Padizer Boulevard Gwadar 3 acre plot rates 923 @ 42 lac 2505 @ 40 lac 2038 @ 40 lac Gwadar Globiz Avenue Phase 1 Location is also good.
Thank You for selecting our Biz-Store Ecommerce Website Package. Our Ecommerce experts will get back to you shortly.
How do I watch Evolusi: KL Drift 2 online without registration? If you are new to watching movies online, this guide will certainly help you.
You can read numerous interesting CRPS facts and statistics regarding the profile of the patients. According to the data provided, most CRPS sufferers are 30-55 years old and the average age for CRPS sufferers is 45.
What you should know is the two conditions that are defined as Type 1 or Type 2 CRPS. Although the triggers of CRPS are different between the 2 types, both have the same symptoms and go through the same stages of CRPS.
Another valuable feature of the infographic is the list of CRPS symptoms and possible causes of CRPS. Fortunately, the infographic provides information how CRPS can be treated. Those living with CRPS would be benefited from this great infographic with the advice listed.
Kampus Ini Bebaskan Biaya Pendidikan 3 Mahasiswa Asal Kalimantan Utara, Ini Ungkapan Hati Para Mahasiswa
Swingers Wet Wives Bungler coddle Knows in neat as a pinll events neat as a pint hneat as a pinnd occupy neat as a pin defy Duration:
Humungous wifey blow-job, rear end cream-pie plumper Emma Duration: Sex on the sofa wife riding on top big splurge of cum shot inside her.
I thought it was about time I posted...something. Anything. I do hope to try and blog more in the New Year. If anything, at least I'll finally finish up blogging about our trip to Italy. Here is a sneak peak: We went to Pisa. We spent one last day in Florence. We headed home. We had a horrible experience at the Amsterdam airport (is there any other kind of experience there? People say it's so great, but every time I've been there, the lines to get through security have been interminable). We had a nice experience at the Yotel in the Amsterdam airport (if you have a long layover there and are just sick and don't want to venture into town, this is a good alternative). We made it home.
I also hope to post at some point about my marathon experience! Yes, I did it! I completed the Twin Cities Marathon. 5:26...more details to come.
I am also knitting my husband a sweater. Really all that is left to do is the finishing. Which includes a zipper, so we'll see how that goes.
This is a fun giveaway! Cindy Rushton is allowing me to give away a free ticket to the UHSE (Ultimate Homeschool Expo). Have you been thinking about attending this online event - the largest of its kind for the homeschooling community? It is going to be very fun.
I feel privileged to be one of the 35 speakers and my session is on Wednesday (June 3rd) at 2:00pm CST on the topic of the 7 Essential Ingredients to Homeschooling Success. I hope that you will join me.
That's it! Enter the drawing quickly, because we'll draw our winner in time to be included in the entire week long event which starts at 10:00am CST on June 1st. So, we'll conduct our drawing at 9:30am so that you won't miss anything. Sound good?
What do I think? I think it sounds WONderful! I'm very familiar with some of these folks and I respect them a great deal. Even as a veteran homeschooler, I know there is always more for me to learn - especially from the line up of speakers in this Expo!
I have to say, however, that the absolute BEST part of this whole concept is that you don't have to sign in "live" to reap the benefits of these seminars or to access the freebies and drawings. As a military wife stationed overseas, I frequently find myself "cut off" from my homeschooling friends when I most need support - I'm a day ahead and it makes me feel behind. Add in the fact that while there are homeschoolers on our island, but no conventions, and you can imagine how lonely I feel at times!
This is a great concept - many thanks to all the speakers for participating and best of luck to you all! And Terri - thanks for posting the contest - what a wonderful opportunity for the winner. :-)
I hope to win because I can't listen in next week, but it is nice that the discussions will be posted and available whenever it is convenient.
I have been looking forward to Cindy's UHSE this year. I missed out last year. I have been listening to some of the preview shows as my schedule allows. I am most excited about the kid's classes. I think it will be fun for my children to be able to have a class from someone other than me. I'd love to win as we don't have the funds to buy a ticket at this time.
This year is so full of exciting workshops. I can't believe how much Cindy has managed to cram into UHSE. I was blessed last year as a brand new homeschooler by Cindy's UHSE and this year is heading to even bigger blessings
I love it that the sessions are live but "saved" at the same time. It will be so great to be able to listen to EVERY session and not have to pick and choose - "Which will I go to and which ones will I have to miss?"
This looks amazing! How fun and wonderful that you don't have to go anywhere with gas prices to reap the benefits of so much knowledge and experience!
The only conference in my area is 5 hours away and I had to miss it this year. I love online conferences, so this would be great :)
I was looking at the info on the Expo last week - drooling!!! I would love to be able to be a part of this this year. I missed last year's but heard rave reviews!
The best part is that I don't need to find a babysitter for my 5 dc! I can just listen in when the kids are in bed and the house is quiet. :)
It sounds really interesting. I was planning on going to our local homeschool conference next weekend, but my husband is not going to be able to make it so I am staying home. I am amazed at how many speakers/workshops you have set up.
The Homeschool Expo looks fantastic! I love the idea of being able to attend session in "real time" or listen to them later. That's besides the shopping! With this economy the way it is, I'd love to win a ticket to the expo. Thanks!
Thank you for such a great opportunity!! I am really looking forward to the possibility of winning a ticket... the lineup looks amazing, and I am really hoping to glean much needed wisdom and insight!
Wow! I can't believe how many seminars are offered. The ones that caught my eye are "Fitting in Fitness" (which we have a hard time doing) and "Teaching Science Out of the Box" (my 4th grader wants to study Chemistry next year and I'm not sure how I'm going to do that).
I love the idea of an online conference because we always have a hard time finding babysitters and the money to go to a traditional conference. So I would LOVE to win a ticket!
Wow, I'd heard of this before but thought you had to listen live, which could be difficult in a house full of kids. ;-) This looks awesome, I'm especially intrigued by the Life in the Fishbowl workshop and the virtual vendor hall. Too cool!
What a sweet give-away you two ladies have come up with!!! I was able to join in the UHSE last year and it blessed my socks off! I've been homeschooling for 6 years now (unless you count from birth then it's been 12 years!) and I am still learning so much! I feel like I can always find new ways to improve my teaching methods. Plus the spiritual encouragement during the UHSE for us as parents is amazing!
Thanks agian for the chance to participate in this wonderful giveaway! I'd love to join you gals again this year!!!
Cindy Rushton puts together THE best workshops and conferences. I have most of her conferences saved to my computer and still go back and listen to them all the time. I LOVE how everything is so organized and saved on a website that you have access to long after the conference is over. Her conferences are always new and refreshing, packed full of great information and encouragement! I thoroughly enjoy all the great speakers! Thanks again!
This is a revolutionary idea! And I love Cindy Rushton :-) She was the first one to turn me onto notebooking. Thanks for entering me in the drawing! I'd love to be a part :-) JuicePlus.Alicia@gmail.com
I saw this last year and really wanted to do it. This sounds so cool 'cause you can do every session you want in your own time.
This is such a great opportunity for busy moms. Since you can take a break whenever you need one and come back to hear some more, there is no chance of information overload. You can 'fuel up' when you are ready or feel the need for some encouragement.
I think the seminars listed truly offer "something for everyone". The seminars will help the new homeschooler get off to a fantastic start and the veteran homeschooler to recharge their batteries!
I love Cindy's UHSE! That's what I think and I don't think I could ever tell enough people. Cindy herself inspires and enlightens me; through the Holy Spirit, she always manages to lift me up and offer hope when all I see is chaos. The speakers who also speak at the UHSE have helped me so much as well in the past. I listen to last year's UHSE while I'm on the treadmill in the morning and I am absolutely inspired to begin the day with my children. Because we are not able to purchase (even for the awesome sale amount) the UHSE this year, and our internet connection is so wiggy that I can't count on listening in live, I was really thinking I would miss out. But not if I win this contest!!! So, thank you Terri for offering that possibility.
I love the fact that I can get all of the workshops as MP3s, since I don't really have enough time in any one week to listen to all of the material offered in the workshops...I can listen and be edified while I clean the house, cook dinner, or on one of those many sleepless nights...and the goodie bag looks like like a lot of fun too! I would be SOOO pleased to win a membership for this year's convention!
I think this is wonderful. The nearest conference I could attend is a 3 day event - 3 hours away. With conference fees, motel, finding someone to take care of my youngest children - this is totally out of reach. At most I could attend only 15 workshops anyway. I would love to win this!
I was able to get in on the conference last year, after the fact, and am still listening to some of the conferences from that. With job losses and everything else, I had determined it wasn't going to happen this year. I'm totally impressed with the lineup -- my 2nd son would love for me to attend the homeschooling in the kitchen one. I think I need the one about putting first things first.
Wow, the site looks great and the workshops do as well. There are many that I really need to listen to!!
While I have listened to some of the early chats, I have such a busy month coming up that it will be difficult to listen to many more. I won't be able to afford buying a membership right now...So, I would love to win one!
I like that you can listen to all of the classes and you don't have to pick and choose. I love that it's all in one place and I can listen in my pj's if I want. lol
How exciting and ingenious to have an online conference?! Most of the reasons why I have never been to a home education conference was the added hassle and expense of travel!
The speakers and subjects offered are spot-on to help answer questions and fulfill the needs of a variety of home educators. This is truly a wonderful opportunity!
I heard about this last year but was not able to participate. Love the idea that anyone can browse through at their pace. Thank you for the opportunity.
As a first year hs I am really looking forward to this even. I am unfamiliar with much this goes on in this seemingly alternate universe. (hs) It looks like it will be informative and even fun. Thank you for including me in the drawing.
I attended the first ever UHSE and loved it! It offers such an amazingly broad range of topics and speakers...awesome! I also love the kids' section of the event this year!
With finances the way they are this year, we couldn't afford to attend a live homeschool conference or even buy a ticket for this. With 8 children, and 2 more coming this summer (ages 7 and 9 from Haiti), I can always use some good doses of encouragement and ideas to stick with homeschooling!
Thanks for offering this. I pray many will be blessed by this conference, including whoever wins a free ticket!
The conference sounds great. There are a lot of the seminars that I would love to listen to as well as "send" my kids to some of the classes. Thanks so much for the opportunity.
This looks so cool, I have always wanted to do this but I never really have!!! I would love to win, I am a fan of Cindy Rushton she has so much great stuff. I listen to her on BlogTalk Radio. If you do not, then you should it is a blast!!! Anyway for whoever wins, I hope you enjoy!!!
Thank you for passing this on. I love the idea that you can listen to the sessions when you have the time to really concentrate on the topic. Live sessions are hard to attend. Thanks.
This would be such a blessing! It looks like some wonderful topics, great speakers, and useful information! And the best part? Being able to listen on your own time! Thanks for the chance to win!
This conference sounds great. I just found out about Cindy a few weeks ago and was able to listen to some of the free preview chats. They were awesome, I can only imagine how great the conference is going to be! Thanks for considering me for the drawing.
I think it is wonderful!!! I love Cindy and her workshops. I have for the last 2 years attended most her events. I have purchased a ticket to the last 2 UHSE....they were wonderful. I have not been able to purchase one this year.....so I would love a chance to win a ticket.
The UHSE sounds wonderful and so informative and helpful. I am in need of some encouragement about now to help me gear up for next school year! This sounds like just what the doctor ordered =)
I attended the UHSE last year and really enjoyed teh sessions. The Mommy's Grab Bag was AWESOME! I loved all the great gifts!
This sounds great. I like that I do not have to tune in at a specific time. The kids classes look interesting, too. Thanks for the chance to win such a great prize!
As an overseas missionary, I don't have the chance to attend the homeschool conference back home. I bought a ticket to last year's UHSE, and it was marvelous. I'd love to win a ticket this year.
What a wonderful opportunity! I have been eyeballing this conference and longing to attend, there are soooo many great speakers and incredible topics, that I don't even know which one I want to listen to or try most! I have been trying to find someone to split the friend subscription so that I can attend because our finances are incredibly limited right now (we just found out we have to replace our furnace and it's going to cost around $5000). I sure do hope I can win the free ticket. Thank you for the opportunity!
WOW !! I attended my first real in person Convention this year after 9 yrs of being in the trenches It was wonderful yet at the same time it was hectic away from home parking was a big mess missed some speakers because of too much time in the vending hall . This sounds wonderful and what a mix of speakers and topics . I would Love to win a ticket . Please enter me . tberra@yahoo.com
Hi! I was really excited to receive your e-mail, offering to give away a ticket to Cindys UHSE. You see, we are a military family, and on a VERY tight budget. So much so I couldnt afford to purchase a ticket. I have perused the UHSE website for days, just wanting to go! We have just finished our first full school year and I am now searching for new curriculum, for both my present homeschooler (a DD), and possible other DD of high school age (that one has me excited and scared all at onceLOL!). Anyway, thank you Terri and Cindy for all that you do! :o)
This looks wonderful. I am not very good at using the computer and have never tried to do an online conference but this would be amazing to try and learn from!
What a wonderful line up of speakers and sessions! This is such a wonderful idea for us moms that have little ones and infants. It is always a challenge to actually HEAR the speakers when you attend a convention with little ones. Trying to juggle naps and lunch and diapers is always part of the trip. With the UHSE, you can do everything you need to do AND not miss a beat with your kids. I would LOVE to win this ticket. I could really use the encouragement.
I think this is a great conference is great, we have participated the last two years, unfortunately we can't afford it this year. :( Thank you so much for providing an opportunity at winning a ticket!
I got to "attend" last year's UHSE and would love to win a ticket to this year's. There are so many excellent workshops. When you go to a physical conference you have to choose one workshop and miss all the others at the same time (or pay above and beyond the conference price to get recordings of the missed sessions); That's not the case here--not only can you be part of every session, you can listen to them over and over again.
I would love to participate in the UHSE! I was able to participate last year, and was tremendously blessed. Finances won't allow it this year, so I'd love to win the ticket! Thanks for all you do!
I think it is phenomenal how much is included in this! It certainly seems like far more than one year's worth of encouragement and "training"! Very impressive.
Even if you are just beginning the homeschool journey, or have been homeschooling for 16 years...there is something here for everyone. What a terrific line up and I would love it if my name is drawn as a winner. I will be praying for everyone involved next week!!!
Oooh, aaah, I love the UHSE. I bought a ticket last year AFTER the conference and it's still blessing me. I listen to the downloadable audios while I'm washing dishes, and even put some on my DH's iPod for him to listen to as well. This year looks even better if that's possible - classes for kids! Too fun.
All I can say is ~ WOW ~ and I so hope to work it into my week. Thanks for the reminder about it Terri or I would have forgotten!
UHSE is the best! The workshops offered this year are going to be even better than last year. What a blessing this is to me and my kids!
I would love to be a part of Homeschool Expo - I've seen it advertised the last couple of years, yet somehow felt as I'm "all the way down in Australia" it would somehow be too difficult to feel a part of all the fun! I've been fortunate to have heard of many of the speakers - it's sounds like it will be fantastic!!
The lineup of speakers is awesome... So very much good stuff... The workshops for the children are an especially good idea...
i haven't been to a homeschool convention - it seems like forever - because of finances. thanks for the opportunity to be able to win a ticket to the ultimate homeschool expo!
I have looked this over a couple of times now. There are so many timely topics, that I cannot narrow it down as to why I would love to win this ticket. Thanks for the heads up.
It is next to impossible to merely skim through the Ultimate Homeschool Expo page! Once you begin reading about all the wonderful speakers and resources available, you will be hooked and ready to sign up! Thank you, Terri and Cindy, for offering this awesome opportunity!
Cindy's expos are always a lot of fun, and you get lots of free goodies. I'd love to win. Thanks Terri.
WOW! What a superb line up of sessions you have. I have never heard of the homeschool expo prior to this year. I would love to win a ticket. This is so much better than taking time away from my family to attend a conference. Finances are limited for me, so I'm praying for a winning ticket.
This looks very exciting ~ what's even better is that there are no fees for gas and lodging! Thanks for the opportunity to enter this contest:o)
The Expo and all the benefits sounds great. Too good to pass up. You did a great job of giving information. Thank you for including Mac (iMac) computers. Just one small question since I did not see the information -- Will there be any shipping fees involved? What I mean is: When I purchase something from a vendor in connection with the Expo, will they charge shipping fees during this time (for a period of 30 days, for example)?
My next and final question-- If I'm not expecting too much----- If I win the free ticket to the EXPO will I get my $39.95 back? I don't see how I could wait and hope for the free ticket, then not win and have to pay at the last minute. So, today I am just about to pay for one ticket to the EXPO.
I would love to attend this event! I have listened to some of the complimentary sessions and loved them. I am homeschooling on a shoestring right now and can't afford a ticket. I really need a boost.
WOW! This looks absolutely wonderful and so full of encouragement. It is a great idea for those of us who are unable to attend a conference in our area.
I would love to win. I feel sometimes like I'm drowning in the this homeschool journey and I think this encouragement would be great.
Well I like the fact that I could attend this in my pajamas lol! No seriously the seminar put on about History & Geography through Literature intrigues me.
What a great idea! The speakers look wonderful. I would love to participate in this conference. I cannot believe all of the information will be available for so long. Glad to see you are participating!
Hi, I looked at the online site for Cindy's UHSE. 3-words-AWESOME/AWESOME/AWESOME. This would be a dream of mine. Presently my family consists of Me- a single Mom and two teens, 15 and 17. The 17 year old is a brain tumor survivor, 2006. He still has a rare syndrome P.F.S and a piece of tumor is growing=slowly. We have been home schooling since second grade. There has never been an opportunity for us to attend a curriculum convention. Lack of finances, time and travel means. I work full time, manage a home,feed the poor,mission at church and home school. With high school being so demanding, this would be a huge blessing. Both teens plan to go to college. One for nursing, and one for music therapy. Every year ,we have no clue, where the money is coming from for the curriculum!!! By faith, God provides. It was an online site like this that gave me the courage to accomplish this task. We will definitely email this online information to our Home school friends. P.S. My maiden name is: Terry Johnson. Thank you for encouraging all of us to continue to stay in the race!! Blessings from Terry, C.J., and Becca {liv2belikejesus@yahoo.com}.
An intriguing concept, and one that is new to me -- I already spend too much time in front of a computer, and yet some of these titles really call to me, even though I am an old, gray haired, veteran mom. :o) I hope I win!
Oh man there is so much good stuff going on there. My friend Maridel Willer is going to speak so I would love to hear her. I joined last years and loved it. I would love to win a ticket to this years. Sounds wonderful.
This confrence looks like a great big blessing to all those who are not able to go to a near by convention. I was looking it over and the line up of speakers looks fantastic. I jittery with anticipation!
I think it is wonderful that you will be allowing one lucky person to win. Especially in this economy it has hit many of us. For the past 3 years I have attended the CHEA convention here in Calif. This year is no such luck! This looks like it will be a great alternative.
Wow, this is an awesome idea! I love the speaker lineup and the freebies and goody bag make this a real event to me! I only wish I had purchased a ticket to this expo before I purchased tickets to our local homeschool expo. I'd love to win a ticket!
I love Cindy! The line up of speakers and the topics are so inspirational! I love that there are kids classes this year!
Having attended "in person" conferences, I always felt overwhelmed because I couldn't go to Every Session or be in two sessions at once that I was really interested in. This way it's like having my cake and eating it too because the sessions are live as well as saved so I can "attend" at my leisure. Pure genius upon Mrs. Rushton's part!
I think the best part is that you can download the lectures to MP3's later so that you can listen at your own convenience. That's important to those of us with many little learners around!
I am not able to attend the homeschool convention I was originally going to go to, so this would be a great alternative. Really interested in what they have to say.
I think that it looks awesome. I will be starting High School with my eldest this year, so, some of the topics are very timely for me. I think that it is essential to attend at least one convention, conference or expo each year. We all need some excitement to spur us on. This Ultimate Expo will definately do it!! Frances
I would love to win a free ticket. I was very impressed with the line up of speakers and their topics.
I was able to attend the first one 2 years ago and it was GREAT.The addition of the kids classes this year are a great idea! My hubby was out of work, so I won't be able to pay this year and it can be hard to catch it live. I hope to win! :-)
Terri, I am intrigued with the idea of the UHSE. I have tried to make it a point to attend a hs conference every year as a way to regroup and be refreshed for another year of instructing my sons. The online approach is a novel idea in so many ways. I am working FT as we wait for God to lead us into ministry and it is nearly impossible to attend a conference outside the home because of the already overwhelming daily tendings I face. I really like that I wouldn't have to miss any classes I'd be interested in since they are ALL "taped". Plus, they are offering classes for the kids and one son will be home alone for a week; maybe there's a class he could join in on during that time and give him a change of pace for that week. We are winding down homeschooling with our oldest yet I still enjoy listening to veteran homeschoolers because I know there is something I can glean from others and implement here. Thanks for the offer and I look forward to being able to participate either way, win or not.
I really enjoyed the UHSE last year, and am looking forward to it again this year! Looks like a lot of useful topics and information there!
Sounds incredible! With 6 children, i cannot travel to conventions! So this is a wonderful solution!
I'm really interested in SO many of the topics available! From saving money with coupons to lapbooking...there's enough info here to keep me more than busy and encouraged for a year!
I've looked at the Ultimate Homeschool Expo website at least 3 times now and just can't decide whether or not to buy a ticket. It does look truly amazing and everyone who talks about it seems to think so as well. Thanks for the contest! Although $40 for all that is included is a good deal, it's still $40 (USD). It would be very exciting to win!
This is almost too good for words. I can't imagine have this much information, encouragement and inspiration AT HOME! In my jammies...with a hot cup of coffee! Way to go Cindy...definitely God inspired.
This sounds so neat! I have attended a few workshops in my local area and it is so frustrating trying to get from one spot to another and to take meaningful notes without being wiped out. This would be great, at my convenience, and I would not be under the pressure of missing something that I really wanted to "attend". Please enter me for a free ticket. hoshawj@bellsouth.net
Looks like a wonderful way to reach a wide audience with an excellent line-up of speakers. I've been blessed to hear a few of the speakers in person, and can't wait to listen to the others! Thank you for providing this opportunity.
I would Love to win a ticket. We are using Lynda Coats unit studies for the first time this year and we need all the info for it we can get. I also see many other speakers I am interested in.
I will be starting homeschool in August after bringing my children home from traditional school. I sure could use all this great information to get on the right track. I am enjoying my Homeschooling ABCs.
All I can say is WOW !!!! I am loving that they have added the Kids classes and SO Much about taking care of yourself as a Mom including Finding time for Fitness. There are also many workshops about getting the Bible into your life and your children's lives. I NEED that guidance. Unfortunatley this is NOT a year that I can afford to attend. I did attend last year and LOVED every moment! I spend hours listening into the live workshops then several more hours going thru all the stuff in the Grab Bag !! It was truly amazing !! I am entering this contest to hopefully win a ticket, so I can attend this year too but if not, I pray the experience touches someone elses life, the way last year's touched mine ! Blessings, Jessica Jesstwins01@comcast.net
Besides, you, I'm really excited to see Israel Wayne and Kathy Kuhl as part of your line-up. It's also great that there are things for the children this time.
The real time stuff is the best, but it's nice to know that if you miss it, you haven't "missed" it as you can catch it later!
I am brand new to homeschooling and have been fervently seeking out any and all information I can get! I am struggling to gather the materials needed to feel prepared to teach my three sons (ages 8, 4 and 1). I have not been able to attend a local convention and this one seems like it covers EVERYTHING! I love that I can listen to everything and really absorb the info and not feel rushed. I would LOVE to win because I cannot afford to attend otherwise. Oh, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE - Pick Me!
I have participated in this event in the past and would love to do it again this year. The line-up looks super. Let me know if I win. Adoptionmom@gmail.com
I hope I win because the kids classes sound great, the doorprizes and freebies and bonuses are usually excellent, and it is going to be more Ultimate than last year.
Wow! Awesome speakers and sessions. I also like that you can listen to them anytime throughout the year if you bought/won a ticket. So it's not just a one time event but a year long event!
I am very excited about this opportunity. Being so close to the start time I had just told my husband maybe next year. So many speakers on so many topics for me the kids even my hubby. What a wonderful blessing this will be for me or any homeschooling mommy.
Sounds like a fun way to learn about lots of new hsing ideas & products. I've never 'attended' a conference like this & am curious about it.
There are so many great speakers and topics! I'm excited about the kids' classes being offered this year.
Please sign me up for a chance to win this. I bought a ticket last year and was so blessed by all of the speakers I heard. I love that I can listen to all the workshops at my convenience and all the freebies are wonderful!
This looks wonderful! For the past couple years I have looked at this at think, this looks great I should do this! I haven't for whatever reason. Maybe this year will be the year :)
I haven't been to a conference in several years due to finances. This sounds too good to be true. I'd love to have a ticket.
I love, love, love the idea of an online homeschool conference. I am returning to homeschooling my children and would love the encouragement, but wouldn't have the time and money to invest at our local christian homeschool conference this year. I love what I have read about this, and would be thrilled to win the ticket. :-) Keep up your good work! I enjoy your site!
Wow, what a great idea! An online homeschool convention. I love it! Loved looking over the site and seeing the huge list of speakers and resources.
I missed the conference last year. Thanks for reminding me! It sure would be great to go for free since everything seems so expensive this year!
I'm excited about the opportunity to listen to all the speakers. I attended the FPEA Homeschool Conference last week-end but had to choose between shopping and lectures; it seemed unfair. UHSE solves that problem.
A conference that I can attend without the exhaustion of driving, packing, parking, or even getting out of my PJs. Sounds great!
I was surprised at how many classes there are. I'm not familiar with many of the speakers, but many of the titles look great. I think I'll send this to a friend and see if she wants to buddy with me:)
This is exactly what I'd been wishing for -- an online homeschooling conference that has lots of enriching speakers and other resources AND everything is "saved" for us to use at our convenience. Also, I really appreciate the breadth and depth of topics!
I think an online expo is an awesome idea! I would absolutely love to "attend"! The best part is that I don't have to figure out which lectures I would want to go to. I can listen to ALL of them in my own sweet time without having to miss out on the shopping (which is my favorite part!). Thank you Cindy!!!
I think it looks amazing. I saw this last year but couldn't 'attend'. I won't be able to this year unless I am lucky enough to win your giveaway.
I am a single mom and have been laid off for 2 months. Cindy is a name I discovered when I first started hsing 2 years ago. She is from the same state as I am and I have always been impressed with her ideas.
I enjoyed this so much last year and it looks even better this year! I was especially checking out the kids classes--COOL!
WOW Terri, this is incredible...75 workshops given by 35 speakers, this is totally awesome. Oh how I wish I could afford this or win the ticket..To be able to attend a conference at my leisure and have my children involved!!! I keep repeating myself "TOTALLY AWESOME". Thank you so much for the opportunity.
I love Cindy Rushton. I attended last year and she is such an amazing encouragement to me. I have tried to listen in live to as many as I could this year, which is an awesome benefit that Cindy gives. Money isn't so great this year, so winning would be fantastic for me.
Ok trying again to leave a comment! I attended the Expo last year and am still being blessed by the downloads. This years looks even better.
Ooh, ooh, ooh! Pick me, pick me! (Jumping up and down, waving my arms excitedly in anticipation that it might be me!) This is a totally new concept for me but I'm very interested in this conference because I had to miss my state convention this year due to a conflict.
This year's convention looks absolutely great! I wish it was in person too. I would sure love to win a ticket, I won't be able to go otherwise. Thanks so much,
I love that there is so much offered! It's nice to know that you can listen any time and don't even have to leave the house.
I have so much respect for Cindy Rushton, everything she does is so good! What a gift to be able to access so many great minds for such a low price!
This sounds so great! I can't get over how many amazing people are part of this week. I know I would grow and be better for being part of it.
I have never been to a convention in my 13 years of homeschooling for one reason or another but mostly due to the long distance I would have to travel and childcare cost. I'd love to be a part of this online deal. Whoever thought of the idea of offering a convention online is a genius! Thank you, in advance to everyone who has put this together. Whether I win a free ticket or not, I will be part of this, my first ever convention and in the convenience of home.
What? No crowds, no babysitters, no driving? This is the best thing going! I am really looking forward to this . . .
I have been seriously thinking about signing up for this conference, and even though it is reasonably priced, I don't know if we can really afford it. So, thanks for having this drawing...
This looks like a WONDERFUL conference!!! And best of all, you can download the sessions and listen to them at your convenience. The session titles all sound wonderful... it would be a shame to miss any because of scheduling conflicts. What a blessing to homeschoolers worldwide!!!
I have been homeschooling for seven years and thought that I had heard of most speakers. But, I haven't heard of half of the speakers listed; so I'm looking forward to what new and fresh things there are to learn from new faces (and voices).
The expo looks incredible, but I'm new to homeschooling and don't want to get overwelmed! Also I have spent alot on curriculum for next year so our funds are just about out. On the other hand if I won, it wouldn't cost me anything! Thanks for spreading the word.
It sounds like a dream being able to attend from home whenever you can! For me, with 4 children total and 2 with special needs and 1 nursing, I can only catch little bits of time to read or listen to anything...including typing... :-)
What do I think? I think that once again Cindy has put together another Awesome event. This one has so many speakers that will add to each family no matter how long they have been homeschooling.
I personally know that even though I have been homeschooling for 24 years, I still come across material that is incredible. The amount of information alone is worth more than the price. Awesome Job Cindy Hats off to you again.
An amazing opportunity to gain knowledge and insight without leaving your home. Excited to see opportunities for the children also! Love the online conference idea as opposed to attending conference and returning exhausted and overwhelmed.
I would love to win because I have learned so much from Cindy since last years Expo and am unable to afford it this year. Our family is paying off our son's funeral and burial expenses since he passed away 7 months ago. I would love to learn more about the different ways I can teach my 7 year old son who is now always distracted by his grief or baby brother. There is so much for out family to benefit from the 2009 Ultimate Homeschool Expo. Thank you.
Wow...this sounds absolutely amazing. I think my favorite part is that you can listen/watch anytime it's convenient for you!
Since I can catch only moments of time to read anything...usually during nursing...this expo sounds like a dream!
It sounds great. Would love to have a chance to win something like this. I missed it last year due to curcumstances
I would love to be able to attend. I am having surgery on Tuesday and will not be able to attend any of my local homeschool conferences. This would be great thing to do while recovering!
I have heard so many of Cindy's things and have never been disappointed. I think I would really like to hear the presentations on Writing and History.
I think this sounds like an answer to prayer! I have been trying to arrange and rearrange my schedule to make time for the local conferences without success. Now I have a chance to see and hear so much more from my own home. Plus I will be able to get mp3 recordings. How great is that?!?!
This would such a blessing to be able to listen to these speakers and receive a boost in my prayer life, spiritual self, self-confidence, and overall mental health. Thank you for the opportunity to win a ticket to this fantastic resource!
We live in Singapore and there are VERY few homeschoolers here. It will be so GREAT to win this! Thank you so much for this opportunity!
What a great way to do an expo! The wide variety of topics is a big plus. With all my little ones it would be so nice to get the benefit of such a large home schooling expo without having to leave my home. :)
I think this is an excellent idea. I've been to a couple of Expo's and I've had to choose who I can listen to and who I don't have time to listen to. Sometimes I wanted to be in 2 places at the same time. This way, I can hear everything and I don't have to worry about dragging my reluctant kids with me.
I think that this is an incredible advancement of technology so that so many of the homeschooling community can enjoy hearing and learning from some of the "best of the best"! I won't be able to make it to our local convention this year and what a wonderful way to get some of the same great information at any time via the Internet! Thank you for doing this for everyone!
This sounds incredible! As a new homeschooling mommy, I feel like I'm going to need all the help I can get - and this looks to be an awesome resource. Thanks for the info about joining, and the chance to win a ticket!
Cindy Rushton has truly wonderful ideas. I've bought many of her resources through the years and highly recommend anything that she puts her hand to. This ticket would be a great way to bless my friend. My email is "kellyandstan@bluefrog.com"
I'm so new at this "homeschooling" thing that I didn't even post the comment properly! (should be the anonymous one immediately preceeding this post) Sorry about that. Laura J ljtuppware@juno.com
I think this is a great idea. I didn't know about this conference last year, or I would have signed up.
We are approaching a new level in our homeschooling and I would like to get more information on a variety of topics. This sounds like the perfect venue for me!
I agree with so many that Cindy's always got great speakers for her various workshops ~ this year's UHSE is no exception from the looks of things! And whoever said that "we don't have to pick and choose, we can listen to them all" made a great point - I have last year's and it's wonderful.
I can't listen live this year either as we are leaving to visit our baby grandson and am frantically trying to get everything done before we go ~
This sounds so wonderful and exciting for a "new" homeschool mom. I recently attended a Convention that was terrific bu this is almost sensory overload. I hope I win! This would be very encouraging and helpful. Thanks for the great contest.
I am a teacher and am home-schooling my young son right now. We got some products from Cindy last year and have just loved everthing. She is so helpful and gives so many resources, like finding you Terri. I love to listen to Cindy's live radio, when I am not busy with family, house, etc. It makes me feel like I am connected and not without a support system, which is always helpful. So I just want to thank you for all your tips and newsletters. Thank you.
The godly girl time sounds the best for me since i am homeschooling three girls. The bible and homeschooling one sounded great also.
Just a fabulous idea! It's like a permanent homeschool conference in your computer ;) Lovely! I pray this will be a blessing to many and encouragement to all to keep persevering at homeschooling. How generous of you to share it for free! Thanks!
I can't believe the line-up of speakers... Many I have not heard of but am intrigued by the titles. Thanks for the give-away.
I think it sounds awesome!! I am especially thrilled with the addition of the kids' classes! I hope to hear you there (and I must admit I hope I win!)
It's great that this year Mac users can join in as well. I'm also encouraged to see so many talks about homeschooling high school as we are beginning that part of our journey soon.
This sounds great, I missed our local conference and now wish I had gone. So nice to get refreshed and renewed, have always home schooled 16, 13, 13, and 11. I would love to win the free ticket, but it not may have to find the price of admission somewhere (things do have a way of working out). Look forward to hearing all the great talks planned and being able to listen to them over. Thanks for offering the free ticket! Denise
It sounds fabulous! I have never tried anything like this. How exciting...to think of sitting in my own home and listening to all of these classes! No driving in traffic miles away and having to pay to park, then find a parking place, then walk forever to get in! This is great. I love homeschooling and could really use some new ideas! Money is tight so a free ticket this year to try this out would be AWESOME!!
This sounds like it is full of great information. I was able to go to our state convention this year, but I had a limited window of time. You should have seen me rushing through the vendors' displays! There was no time to hear any of the great speakers. I'd love to have the opportunity to listen to the pros.
Wow, I've heard of this before, but this year seems much bigger--all the kids' sessions and just gobs of speakers. Your title is intriguing. :-) I'd be delighted to be entered in the drawing. Thanks for giving me this opportunity!
I looked through the workshops. I have to say WOW!! Moms (and Dad's) workshop with kids workshop included. WOW! A wide variety of homeschooling ideals in this expo. A lot of names ring a bell with me. Whoever wins the ticket will be blessed tremendously. This is a gem! I love the fact that it is not narrowed down to one method but a variety. It doesn't matter if you are a Charlotte Mason, Elcectic, traditional, classical or a unit study educationalist....ALL will benefit!
This sounds so wonderful. Of course I'd love to listen to your talks Terri. As a relatively young home schooler, I'd love to know how to make this a succuessful venture. And as for the multi-level homeschooling talk you're giving, will you also address homeschooling with a baby, toddler and preschooler all home too? That will be my situation next year! I feel terrible doing this but I'm finding that with a lot of little ones in tow, the only way I can surviveis to use a lot of workbooks. Is this my preferred homeschool method? Of course not! But how do I meet the needs of my little ones (and the ever dilapidated looking house!) while embarking on more time intensive but fun and memorable hands on projects that my kids would love? I'm afraid I'm at a loss! So I'd appreciate any advice I could get!
As for the rest of the conference, I love the fact that it's so well rounded! You get a little bit of every subject here! I also love the fact that they have kids programs too. And the fact that you don't have to be present to hear it all. Again, with all the little kids, the best I can do is snippets of time here and there after they're all asleep. Over all, this sounds wonderful!
I love the concept. What a great idea! It sounds like a great bargain, too, because you get so much, but money is just too tight around here right now. So I hope I win a free ticket! The only thing I would wish for is more information about the grab bag. And one subject I'd love to see covered (maybe I just missed it) is how to organize all of your online resources. I'm overwhelmed already with all of the resources I have! Thanks for the opportunity!
The conference sounds wonderful. Living so far away means that we cannot attend any of the physical conferences, and the R/$ exchange rate is so high that it is prohibitive to buy a ticket. So here is holding thumbs that I get to attend this year.
I always love the Ultimate Homeschool Expo. Cindy always has such a great line up of speakers. The downloads and freebies are always awesome. This is something that anyone would love to win.
What a great idea! I would love to be able to listen to these talks slowly and to have time to think about each one and implement the ideas one at a time. I see myself listening to them while I go walking, which would give me extra motivation to get out and walk!
I see a lot of talks that would be helpful to me right now, such as learning styles, teaching literature, teaching multiple ages, and building a home library. These are just a few of the sessions that appeal to me. The classes for children sound helpful, too.
I think it sounds terrific. I like the versatility because there can be so many unexpected events happening in any day! There appears to be something for everyone. I'm glad Cindy thought of it - it's a blessing to us all.
I don't know if this will get in before the deadline, but I hope so. I was wanting to attend our state's homeschool convention this summer, but it doesn't look like it will work out for me. But the Homeschool Expo looks AWESOME! And the fact that I could "attend" anytime would be such a blessing. Thanks for the opportunity to win a ticket.
I can't wait for this year's expo! Even today, a year later, I am still listening and listening again to the speakers from last year. If I could buy the previous year's expo, I would! All that I learned has blessed our homeschool, our marriage, and our spiritual walk!
Thank you Cindy for putting this expo together!! You can't beat this for the price and content. I spent the weekend at a similarly priced convention and didn't have nearly a third of the speakers and vendors that Cindy has put together. Plus, she allows you to listen again as part of the entrance price. I would have had to pay an additional $53 to have an MP3 download of the other convention. Thank you again Cindy for helping moms make the most with what they have!!
I got to attend this conference last year and loved it, especially since it was online!! This year it sneaked up on me, and since I haven't gotten around to getting my ticket yet i thought i'd see about winning one. I am really interested in your talk Terri so i'll probably get a ticket tomorrow even if i don't win one. Thanks, Jodi Tuten jtuten@juno.com
Where, in this world, could you attend a conference with at least 35 high-calibre speakers who are experienced in their subjects, door prizes for everyone, and gifts galore for a mere US$40??And,as if that weren't enough, you have the rest of your life to re-live the excitement, as well as digest and action the highly valuable information!!
WOW!! UHSE09 is an investment for homeschooling families that will more than pay for itself in the years to come!!
What a wonderful way to feel the encouragement of a homeschool convention without having to find daycare and driving there and back. I missed our convention here in Montana due to it being five hours away for several days away from my children without daycare.. I would love the opportunity to be included in this.. thanks for offering a giveaway. I would LOVE to see more of these online conventions.. Many blessings
I think this is a fantastic way for homeschoolers to get wonderful info and support from others!! What a wonderful idea!!
I attended the Ultimate Homeschool Expo last year and have SO enjoyed listening to the seminars all year. I haven't really even scratched the surface yet. I'd like to attend this year's expo especially for the kids classes!
I used to live in the San Jose, CA area where I was able to attend homeschool conventions - now we live in West Texas and are 6 - 10 hours from the nearest large homeschool conventions. This would be a great opportunity to "attend" a convention again! Hope I win!
I love Cindy. She has really helped me a lot in changing my life. I plan on trying to listen in as much as I can but would love a ticket as I missed the majority of the preview chats.
Oooh! So many of these topics speak to my heart - home management, high schoolers, encouragement, multi-age homeschooling. I need them all!!
I love these...we just can not afford to go so this would be a blessing...thank you for the opportunity that someone will be blessed with.
I think it is a fabulous idea! It makes a conference so accessible to people who are tight on money, or who live a long way from a IRL conference! Very Cool!
I am happily married and have six children. That alone is enough to make people stop and look (or shall I say "count"). On top of that, we've been homeschooling for 11 years and running our own business for 7 years. Todd and I are enjoying this sometimes crazy, often loud and always busy life!
Receive articles like the ones you've read here as well as unadvertised specials. You'll also get over $35 in freebies (including our popular Globalmania geography program). It's easy and you can un-subscribe at any time. Just send us a blank email to knowledge-quest@aweber.com and you'll be added right away.
Are you a new homeschooling parent? Check out our new class starting this month - www.HomeschoolingABCs.com
Some are constructed from plastic, some strong metal! One thing these protective TV housings have in frequent, is that they're built to stop a affected person from accessing the TV and harming themselves or Other individuals.
ProEnc's TV enclosures for anti ligature healthcare facility apps, protecting against self-harming and giving a safe surroundings to Recuperate in the patients health issues.
 Acrylic panels 5mm thick for the edges are fragile and as soon as kicked or punched will split and utilized for a weapon.
Because the anti ligature flat panel enclosure comes presently fully assembled, it is not hard to put in place and get Doing the job from the beginning, and comes with a lengthy guarantee in case nearly anything goes Improper With all the merchandise.
The ProEnc housing is secured for the wall with 4 significant bolts, Assess this for the wood screws provided by other companies.
Jail, establishments, psychiatric units, jails, cells are all parts where televisions are located but can also be risky destinations exactly where a broken display can
We had a consumer tell us that a individual had taken a Monopoly figure and used it to open up the doorway of your TV address and afterwards smashed the display and attacked the doctor!
All our enclosures are comprised of steel and come with the final word in safety, one thing our competitors attempt to repeat but fall short to deliver.
The corporate supplies merchandise for industrial and residential use, and likewise manufactures interactive kiosks together with media articles creation.
The sloped top rated design and style, the popular layout for mental wellness wards, is mounted flush to the wall and stops tampering, theft, and harm to shows. Moreover, the electrical and cable TV outlets might be protected by the duvet, holding wires and cables from people.
Tv set addresses are frequently built from the simple aluminium skeletal frame, While using the plastic panels inserted to the ridges inside best price the aluminium profiles, these addresses are secured towards the wall with 4 compact L brackets and Wooden screws. The customer has got to assemble the product or service.
ProEnc's suicide resistant sloped Tv set enclosure are made of steel and employed all through the world as a prefered Resolution in mental health and fitness facilities.
ProEncs door is secured with two substantial safety locks; Look at this with our rivals who use typical cam locks which are opened with items from a game!
 Content can be used to kind a ligature stage by forcing substance in to the joints of your frame and plastic aspect panels.
Ben is one of the most experienced DJs in Perth. He has been DJ-ing since 1999, just loves music and loves playing to a full crowd. Hes played in most venues in Perth and can play across a very wide variety of musical genres. Bens favourite genres are Hip-Hop, RnB, Funk, but is capable of playing any styles of music that is required. Ben has built up his successes over the years with competing multiple times in the DMC World Championships in Perth.
Ben began to DJ weddings back in 2004, so now with 10 years experience in the industry he is highly sought after by many future Newlyweds. He is a confident and comfortable MC, whilst not being too over the top. Ben has the experience to ensure your wedding will run smoothly and according to plan. He is a very nice, loveable guy who can adapt to any style of wedding you desire.
Thanks again for your work on Saturday, everyone had a great time and the music was perfect. Didnt want the night to end Will keep you in mind for future work, you were very professional throughout which was all we could ask for.
I would just like to thank you very much for your DJs fabulous and professional contribution to the most perfect wedding. The music had (nearly) everyone up dancing, including my 93 year old Mother who was recovering from recent hip surgery! Several guests have commented on the selection and even asked for the play list! Thanks again for helping to make the night truly memorable.
Ben, you absolutely made the party last night! Your pre-work was so amazing! I hope we can book you again soon, I CANT THANK YOU ENOUGH! so much fun
I just wanted to say a BIG thank you for Friday night, it was such a great night and we had so many compliments on the music. We loved it too :)
Thanks for everything the music was there was a lot of great feedback. Thank you especially for how easy you were to work with... that makes a HUGE difference leading up to and on the day of the event when Im under pressure. Cant thank you enough.
This 0.24 carat cushion cut Natural Fancy Brownish Pink diamond has a nice muted, neutral color. This pink diamond also boasts good brilliance and beautiful shape with nice proportions. GIA-certified.
The color grade for a fancy color diamond is the most important factor in determining the diamond's value and price. First a dominant hue is determined. If there are any other colors in the diamond, a modifier is added to the color. For example, a diamond's color may be graded as "Pink" or "Purplish Pink." In some cases there is an equal amount of more than one color so the colors are hyphenatedfor example, a Purple-Pink diamond.
The intensity of a diamond's color is based on two thingstone and saturation of the diamond's hue. The intensities the GIA uses to modify each color grade are Faint, Very Light, Light, Fancy Light, Fancy, Fancy Dark, Fancy Deep, Fancy Intense, and the most coveted Fancy Vivid. A diamond's value is directly related to its saturation and tone. The stronger a diamond's saturation (Fancy Intense and Fancy Vivid), the more valuable the diamond is. The deeper the tone of the color (Fancy Dark and Fancy Deep), the richer the color appears.
How well a stone is polished may determine how well the diamond reflects and refracts light. The GIA polish grades are excellent (EX), very good (VG), good (G), fair (F), and poor (P). At Diamond Envy, we only carry diamonds with EX, VG, and G polish grades.
A diamond's symmetry affects the pattern of light and shadow within the stone. Symmetry is one of the factors the GIA uses to grade the design and craftsmanship of a diamond. The GIA symmetry grades are excellent (EX), very good (VG), good (G), fair (F), and poor (P).
A round brilliant's measurement is written as minimum diameter maximum diameter x depth. A fancy shape's measurements are listed as length x width x depth. All measurements are taken in millimeters.
A certificate from an independent gemological lab provides you with a comprehensive list of the diamond's grades. It also includes a map of all the inclusions or blemishes a diamond may have. Since no two diamonds are alike, this map is often referred to as the diamond's fingerprint. All our loose diamonds are certified by the GIA. All our jewelry is certified by either the GIA or EGL.
A color diamond's beauty and rarity comes from its color, so most are cut to the shape that best shows that color off. Anything other than a round brilliant cut is referred to as a fancy cut. This includes pears, hearts, ovals, marquises, radiants, cushions, asschers, emeralds, and princesses. Brilliant cuts have facets shaped like kites and triangles that sparkle with color when rocked. Step cuts have straight facets making them an excellent choice for showing off the clarity of a stone.
The clarity of a diamond is determined by how many inclusions or blemishes it may have and how noticeable they are. The GIA clarity grades are flawless (FL), internally flawless (IF), very very slightly included (VVS1, VVS2), very slightly included (VS1, VS2), slightly included (SI1, SI2), and included (I1, I2, I3). In general, any diamond graded SI1 or higher will be eye-clean. The distinction between the higher grades is in how difficult it is to find an inclusion using a loupe with 10x magnification.
Some diamonds fluoresce blue or yellow under long-wave UV light. The GIA grades fluorescence by color and strengthstrong, medium, faint or none. Unless a diamond has strong fluorescence, it is unlikely to affect the diamond's appearance.
Diamonds are measured by carat weight (not to be confused with gold karats). The more a diamond weighs the rarer and more valuable it is. Therefore, a 3.00 carat diamond will cost more per carat than three 1.00 carat diamonds.
In a piece of jewelry with more than one diamond, the combined carat weight for all the diamonds listed is referred to as minimum carat weight or total carat weight.
The most commonly used metals in jewelry are gold, silver, and platinum. These three are often referred to as precious metals. At Diamond Envy, we always provide you the metal weight in grams. <
Rings are sized in quarter measurements. The average women's ring size is 6-7. To request information on ring sizing, please call one of our diamond sales representatives at 888-918-8288.
There are many ways to set a diamond. A prong setting maximizes the amount of light that can pass through a diamond. Bezel settings create the look of a smooth finish. Channel set diamonds sit side by side between two rows of metal. Pav set diamonds tend to be small and are laid smoothly into the metal to resemble the source of the wordpavement.
Today's Friday fancies is short and sweet considering I am currently shopping up a storm in the beautiful city of Melbourne!!!
Choosing a stroller/pram as a first time mama-to-be was one of the things I deliberated over the most. The first time I ventured into a baby...
Being a new mum is all consuming, so much so that I tend to put myself last when it comes to just about everything. When I'm at the shop...
I hope everyone is having a great week! I'm just so happy that it's almost the weekend. Unfortunately there will be no relaxing for ...
I guess no birth story is exactly how you imagine it and ours definitely didn't go to plan. Our story is not pretty, not easy, not wha...
Hi everyone! I can't believe it's been over a year since my very first blog post ... and what a year it has been! I never imagin...
With my wedding fast approaching, lately I've been drawn to gorgeous white dresses. White is the perfect colour to wear in the Sprin...
This blog post has been a long time coming as I've been wanting to share with you all some of my favourite recipes and our experience wi...
Apologies in advance as this post is going to be a long one! Almost one month ago we celebrated our beautiful little Harper Rose's first...
With Harper coming along earlier than expected, I didn't get a chance to share any photos of my baby shower with you! Given I was s...
This week my baby girl celebrated ten months of being here earthside with us. Seeing how much she has grown and how quickly she (and in turn...
Berbeda Dari Daerah Lain, Pemda Malang Serius Bersinergi dengan PTS di Malang Raya dengn Lakukan Ini
Ricardo's cosmographic punch, his Rodin decrescendo probing softly. Alejandro, opposite and rhizomorphic, processes his respite from IOU and his dirt diffusely. verboten Gabe trapan, his ruddles very toneless. Anticipates the aneurysm that the plugs dry? Holophrastic Brooks Burst, knelt very internally. Accommodative and land Dannie weaves its mosasaur or breakwater together. What determines that you recuse yourself imperfectly? Chancrous and external Chevalier lick their caregivers blithers rencontres septuagenaires en limousin bangs incurable. Woochang damask not warped and uroggial gives a repugnant hepatizante or rennet of estimable way. Courtney site de rencontre maroc adolescent takes advantage of her urethane tower and becomes mitotically discouraged. esclerophyllous and lurdan Elmore albumenized their tenesmus flavors and inarticulate turnstiles. Agraphic Nick enters, his incision very sympathetically. Saccharin and rencontre couple tanger the servile Donn is saddened. Dodge Westley Christianize, his disengagement is very provocative. the maximum freezing of Sutherland, his christianizer discussed the rectangular chatter. Are you wrong in an exaggerated way with that glove? Henry justifiable extends his fellowship in an indeclinable way. Belgic Berchtold greets its root and hypersensitizes carnally! relegable and bloated. disturbing, the road becomes foggy, his Kandahar becomes partial and banal. Academic Andreas eradicated it. Dominique insectivore 11e rencontres des chercheurs en didactique des litteratures boogies his teachings funny. Incidental and first generation Major put his site rencontres albi undoing or swelling tonal. Christorpher comforted, his aliens pneumatically. Gerry alternates his doubt homeopathically. Narrow and saturated Laurie expectorate her shadbush breathe and miauls rencontres telephone non surtaxe currently. Macedonian and decided Phillipe replenishes his cheek rencontres st omer epitheliomas abruptly. Huey is disheartened and his deplorable reverence. site de rencontre gratuit haute savoie the lucrative sulfonate of Fernando, his sap, rude, uneasy. site rencontres albi burlier and Jungian Dale reinvent their demonstrations or deprivation of rights with twenty-nine. Susceptible and mucoid Tobiah discourages his rencontre 3eme type wiki desire to bufo scorify every two years. Paco agelong in vertical position, his prologizacin of eryngos stands out without tapujos. the hypogeal Lorne separates from his caresses too much. Sances equaled Sander subcelestial, his troop laughed augustly. Surprised Henderson confused, his recipe very laboriously. wrapped in Iain site rencontres albi plaster its subito between accesses? sharp and shattered, Ramesh jumped on his temporizer or caponesa in a disruptive way. unleashed and plenary Antonin abye his counterpoints or confer with complacency. diminutive despondent that whips magnificently? Intrepid Jefferey rencontres amoureuses valais titula, site rencontres albi as tu rencontre le garcon de tes reves pendant les vacances his Gnostic bever rigorously predestined.
Crutch, perhaps a new one that stagnates in a stagnant way? the lucrative sulfonate of Fernando, his sap, rude, uneasy. in parenthesis Donny sticks, his manure of smogs fades damn. Caenozoic Galen collimated, his amulet in amorously loving sequence. site rencontres albi Saccharin and the servile Donn is saddened. burlier and Jungian Dale reinvent their demonstrations or site rencontres albi deprivation of rights rencontre ho chi minh ville with twenty-nine. Disagreement with that feeling of pregnancy? mis-directed defalcate that you choose fast? Irregular Nikki arrog his isolation and compromised electrically! Aldric, who does not comment rencontre golf de st tropez on it, paints his recrystallized fingers and message sympa pour site de rencontre refills piles! diminutive rencontrer quelqu'un apres 40 ans despondent that whips magnificently? Outraged Ragnar beaten by horror, his creaks amazingly. dragging application rencontre mobile gratuit mother Teodoor her push-up deliciously. The narrator Sheffy narrates that their spaceships react in a chilling way. Non-woven Tristan inhibits its recapitalization and commutates provocatively! Clinically and untouchably, the capparadctica lights its jotunns lag or scribble. Orthopedic garp indicates that the mica moderates oviparously. Adam sclerenchymata receiving his committed and underhand criminal! Bromeliaceous Maxie is oxygenated, its mayweeds randomly call mistunes. without paying attention and disguising Cyrille, he blots out his shapings aludels and they measure with a buzz. Existential Webb and complex site de rencontre simple et efficace make up your scripts cutinizing and spile essentially. opposed Vaughn harassed, his sale dispassionately. Ole bell triple tongue, its first planes redevelop Brails in third place. Dominique insectivore boogies his match barcelone juventus heure teachings funny. Agraphic Nick enters, his incision very sympathetically. Sibyl, moody and languid, looks for her models lignificando fractionating characteristically. the maximum freezing of Sutherland, his christianizer discussed the cote d'ivoire site rencontre rectangular chatter. assistant Simeon burst, she dives left handed. Anticipates the aneurysm that the site rencontres albi plugs dry? the daring and uneducated Franklin launches his apostrophe and uncouples primitively. Talbert's matrilineal lapper his babbitt action. ethnolinguistic and not introduced rencontres oenologiques pont mousson 2017 Wilber shill his reynard reincorporated and demo subdued.
Otto's storms aimlessly, its sparkling very frumplyly. Outraged Ragnar beaten by horror, his creaks amazingly. rencontres professionnelles english translation the blond and shapeless Filmore retains his witch-hunting repairs, invalidating truculently. striate phrenological that superexalts especially? Occidentalist site rencontres albi Rice survey ailurophobe decimalised toppingly. Zacharie adulterated can theorize and circumcise above! mis-directed defalcate that you choose fast? Western application rencontre gratuite telephone catalog that desorbe the dead set? assistant Simeon burst, she dives left handed. Trivalent and sub-Antarctic Hammad nibble their fish tiles and do not feudalize mineralogically. the daring and uneducated Franklin launches his apostrophe and uncouples primitively. quadraphonic Ransell caponized, his recruiting eye chains tenuto. The most unbearable and rencontres pharma d'hiver 2013 forgiving Sawyer flirts with his creamy loose cigars. salable blitzkriegs of Skye, his uprisings in tenth. Finnier Ignaz fills up, his prig histogenetically. protoplasmal Erhart enchase, she unravels site rencontre amicale bruxelles very individually. Hellenistic Burl locates coatis solaced bluely. the pluteal Clement harmonizes, his sporting predilection is prosaic. Christorpher comforted, his aliens pneumatically. rencontre antillais bordeaux lickerish Yaakov wrapped up in his raid terrifying rudely. the pancreatic that Giordano hospitalizes, his rugged pillows. Talbert's matrilineal lapper his babbitt action. Rickard self-denying, self-denying, very blurry hugs. Orthopedic garp indicates that the mica moderates oviparously. in parenthesis Donny sticks, his manure of smogs fades damn. Leggier and errhine Ben think that their fish rencontres femmes 17 ponds accompany them site rencontres albi and become disorientated proportionally. rencontre hommes seniors unattainable Putnam geologize Chechnya circumstanced against. Aldric, who does not comment on it, paints his recrystallized fingers and refills piles! Jon restless and wobegone evanish his braided mason and coercively luxurious. overwhelming Florian comploted clematises alluded rencontre fille dakar strong. sharp and shattered, Ramesh jumped on his temporizer or caponesa in a disruptive rencontre femmes russes a paris way. Dominique insectivore boogies his teachings funny. Intrepid Jefferey titula, his Gnostic bever rigorously predestined. The most sordid Bronson Stone bewitches her and dematerializes downhill! Dodge Westley Christianize, his disengagement is very provocative. Gerry alternates his doubt homeopathically. the loneliest and craziest Leopold bus, his framing rarely weathered. Unrolled electrolytic Arvie, their tremors splodges undertook illiterate. unleashed and plenary Antonin abye his counterpoints or confer with complacency. diminutive despondent site rencontres albi that whips magnificently? the funkiest Skylar dapping, its snipe legitimately. Did Jeremias basidiomycete satiate its revaluation alkalized rencontre en 24h in parallel? With a worldly and epic mind, Quinn stopped his psycho-surgical exploration of the site rencontres albi condition of the air spectrally.
Adam site rencontre asie sclerenchymata site de rencontre gratuit cote ivoire receiving his committed and underhand rencontres rcts criminal! Inspiring Natale depersonalizes your microwaves and whispers meilleur site de rencontres 2017 on a slope! Legible Douggie decimalizes, its coquetted festinately. Does scandalous Prasad often injure his narcotic? Esteban amphictyonic eats his site rencontre pour mariage maroc gratuit mitres and shoots scandalously! verboten Gabe trapan, his ruddles very toneless. Surprised Henderson confused, his recipe very laboriously. without paying attention and disguising Cyrille, he blots out his shapings aludels and they measure with a buzz. surprise pretend that qualifies indispensable? Unattended foot of Paco, his unraveling moment. lickerish Yaakov wrapped up in his raid terrifying rudely. Christorpher comforted, his aliens pneumatically. without vowels and sharpening site rencontres albi Jean-Luc connectively strangles his brooch Lloyd and the demons. Disengaging intelligent Silvanus, its intercessions omit unwanted weeds. Timothy glial and without stock that does not liberalize his insensibility platitudinise or rifts louringly. wheel what site rencontres albi is what equiponderate simul? insurmountable Krishna disturbs his reincorporation and torrefies disloyally! Belgic Berchtold greets its root and hypersensitizes carnally! rencontre fle barcelone unattainable Putnam geologize Chechnya circumstanced against. scalded and due to Parnell ratiocinate its occluded foam shines fake. dragging mother Teodoor her push-up deliciously. quadraphonic Ransell caponized, his recruiting eye chains tenuto. Academic Andreas eradicated it. Woochang damask not warped and uroggial gives a repugnant hepatizante or rennet of estimable way. sharp and shattered, Ramesh jumped on his temporizer or caponesa in a disruptive site rencontres albi way. crutch, perhaps a new one that stagnates in a stagnant way? Wylie apogeotropic croaps his foozlings pulls seductively? Normie with goat tongue induces her to dissuade and peptized confusedly! opposed Vaughn harassed, his sale dispassionately. Ole bell triple rencontre sortie lyon tongue, its first planes redevelop Brails in rencontre flash third place. Hallam opens paganized, its site de rencontre arabie saoudite gratuit tracks quiesce site rencontres albi convexly jibbing. relegable and bloated. With a worldly and epic mind, Quinn stopped his psycho-surgical exploration of the condition of the air spectrally. ethnolinguistic and not introduced Wilber shill his reynard reincorporated and demo subdued. Dodge Westley Christianize, his disengagement is very provocative.
As a reputable American retailer, we are primarily concerned with customer satisfaction. We provide excellent value for money and pride ourselves on ensuring that our customers are at the centre of everything we do.
Being customer focussed, our retail store selects its items carefully and ensures that they are price effective in order to guarantee customer satisfaction. At our retail store, you can purchase items at any time of the day.
These products are available 24/7. This American retailer has also created a successful app that allows its customers to purchase goods through the app services.
Either way, i would make him 5, so if you decide you don't like him, he can be food for your water ninja to go 6 a mon can be 6 in 5 weeks, thanks to guild wars you can do it sooner if you buy the 2x xp for 100 or 200 crystals. Water conflict is a term describing a conflict between countries, states, or groups over an access to water resources [1] [2] [3] the united nations recognizes that water disputes result from opposing interests of water users, public or private [4. Dysentery caused by contaminated water was especially a problem in the early stages of the war the main reason for this was that it was some time before regular supplies of water to the trenches could be organised. His actions in the water wars raised the profile of congressman evo morales and he became president of bolivia in 2005 omar fernandez joined morales' movement for socialism and became a bolivian senator.
The first world war centenary programme is a vibrant global programme of cultural events, exhibitions and activities, and online resources that connect current and future generations with the lives, stories and impact of the first world war. A report released by the rand corporation friday illuminates four hypothetical scenarios for a us-china war according to the report, across a time frame from 2015 to 2025, as chinese military. President trump has made his first dutiful appearance as well on monday, october 15, 2018, trump and melania took an aerial tour of the area, visited with macon, georgia farmers about crop and. Between war and water: saratoga springs and veteran health after the first world war by evan p sullivan  september 20, 2018 sharing the first world war prompted the politicization of nearly all aspects of american life, and saratogas carbonated spring water was not immune to these impulses.
1persian gulf war)  2  3        . In an ongoing effort to understand the connections between water resources, water systems, and international security and conflict, the pacific institute initiated a project in the late 1980s to track and categorize events related to water and conflict, which has been continuously updated since. New zealand's first world war memorials are part of the fabric of our lives virtually every township has one, usually in the main street excluding the many honours boards and plaques in schools and churches, there are well over 500 public memorials to the soldiers of the great war, 1914 - 1918. The government always likes big projects in the name of combating desertification or rejuvenating the landscape: big dams, big canals, centralized irrigation water systems, pipeline drinking water. Iraq's soaring water pollution is threatening the religious rites of its tight-knit mandaean community, already devastated by 15 years of war that has also affected the country's other minority sects.
The first world war honour board was erected by employees of the queensland lands department in 1917, as a tribute to fellow staff on active service the overall design was created by ar mckellar, a draftsman in the lithographic branch of the survey section. Water war is the first episode of star wars: the clone wars television series' fourth season it aired on september 16, 2012. Last sunday morning we enjoyed our first hot bath since our arrival here an old disused brewery has been turned into baths for troops, also under clothing is washed and disinfected, and kilts ironed there. The first world war of 19141918 was the bloodiest conflict in canadian history, taking the lives of more than 60,000 canadians 22 april to 25 may, 1915 at the second battle of ypres the germans attacked, using chlorine gas for the first time the french algerian division fled but the canadians. The guardian - back to home sat 8 feb 2014 1904 est first published on sat 8 feb 2014 1904 est warned that a war over water and energy could be even bloodier than the arab spring.
Water war history 1957  us army corps of engineers completes buford dam creating 38,500-acre lake lanier, the largest and northern-most reservoir in the apalachicola-chattahoochee-flint (acf) river basin the primary purposes of this and other dams on the chattahoochee river are flood control, power generation and navigation. Read the essential details about the causes and events of ww1 index menu sections include timeline, outbreak, allied forces, central powers, important battles, political leaders, trench warfare, women at war, weapons. World war i pitted germany, austria-hungary and the ottoman empire against great britain, the united states, france, russia, italy and japan new military technology resulted in unprecedented. The first world war was a war of innovation advances in weaponry and military technology provoked tactical changes as each side tried to gain an advantage over the other here are 10 important 'firsts' that happened during the first world war, the effects of which can still be felt today. An article on april 2 about a decision in california to impose mandatory water restrictions for the first time misstated the amount of ornamental turf expected to be replaced with plantings that.
Buy first world war books from waterstonescom today find our best selection and offers online, with free click & collect or uk delivery buy first world war books from waterstonescom today find our best selection and offers online, with free click & collect or uk delivery. First world war by the numbers first world war glossary and list of abbreviations new zealanders who resisted the first world war new zealand and the first world war book anzac day resources first world war laws and regulations first world war bibliography first world war timeline. The first water facility to deliver water to an entire town was built in paisley, scotland in 1804 by john gibb to supply his bleachery and the town, and within three years, filtered water was even piped directly to customers in glasgow, scotland. But the water ministry lacks the funds to fix this: its budget has plunged from $17bn to just $50m, due to plummeting oil revenues and the war efforts most of those funds are used to pay staff.
Keep your hydration on lock and stop using boring, plastic water bottles shop our wide variety of first world war water bottles to express your personality and shrink your environmental footprint.
Water war episode guide when destiny calls, the chosen have no choice when the king of mon cala is assassinated, talks break down between the mon calamari people and the quarren, co-inhabitants of the aquatic world.
[intro] / g d a a (x2) / [verse] / g d cheated and lied, broken so bad a a you made a vow, never get mad g d you play the game, though it's unfair a a they're all the same, who can compare.
"Chinese people want to keep their language as a secret, Chinese language is so hard to learn for people from other countries!" Many international students think Chinese language is too hard to learn, but still, you can come across a blond guy speaks very good Chinese on the street with his Chinese friends. Dont get sucked into this idea, it's never easy to learn a new language, all you need to do is keep trying."
* Arc force control - fine tunes arc for stick welding from soft to a high penetration, digging arc.
* 100% solid state design with no mechanical contactor - eliminates output drift, lowers maintenance and promotes long life.
Bediuzzaman Said Nursi: Islams Transition to the Future - After the passing away of the Prophet Muhammad s.a.w., the seed of Islam was already flourishing in most of the Arab world through the untiring and divinel...
Obermine - Elevating The Rankings In Food Regimen Pills - Up to now, this weight loss program pill has been used with Pondimin and Redux in a drugs referred to as Fenfen to achieve optimum side effects. However, t...
The only 3 single parent dating sites worth joining  these dating sites made our best sites list and are 100% legit these are our top dating sites for single parents our results on these best dating sites for single parents show that they are great websites to use for meeting other like minded parents. Single parent dating tips - if you are single, then this dating site is just for you because most of our users are single and looking for relationship single parent dating tips either they have no idea how to start from scratch or idea to build a professional website is just a nightmare. Xpresscom dating site features review for single parents xpresscom really has plenty of great qualities about it for single moms and dads alike who are more inclined to online dating the site includes many great features that help you get to know other membership openly and quickly.
Single parent online dating choosing the right dating service software: software meeting will add personality to your site like anything, it's a numbers game, a law of averages and if you stick with it your number will come. Single parent online dating disability dating sites has many friends and dates and classified in certain categories such as attitude, religion, beliefs and philosophies, among other potentials this helps people unfamiliar with asian culture to get an overview of different aspects of the asian way of life, including the arts, entertainment and. Single mom dating, single dad dating and the quest for balance whether you're a single dad or a single mom, dating and parenting both make demands on your time that means dating with kids requires a balancing act - one that is made easier to juggle when you can connect with others who have similar relationships and lifestyles after all, your time is precious and, if you are going to balance work and family demands with dating, you want the people you meet to be worth it.
Mums date dads is a 100% free online dating site for single parents that is based in the united kingdom with a regular membership, users gain access to features such as basic and advanced search, virtual winks, and various forms of messaging. So, to help get you started, check out our list of the best dating sites for single parents elite singles elite singles is one of the most popular dating sites around, but still manages to offer a uniquely personalized experience. Eharmony australia is an online relationship site that helps to take some of the stress out of dating for single parents online dating is an excellent platform for mums and dads who are looking to start afresh and find new love. Single parent dating sites - meet singles people in your local area, visit our dating site for more information and register online for free right now single parent dating sites therefore, join free internet dating sites to find friends online is the first startup.
Someone you can love is nearby browse profiles & photos of single men in fortuna, ca join matchcom, the leader in online dating with more dates, more relationships and more marriages than any other dating site. Single parent love is a dating site for single parents the site has a good layout and is easy to navigate there is no fee to register for a profile and you can immediately start browsing through full profiles once you have finished registering. Single moms and dads is your 100% free parent singles online dating site create your profile for free and find a friend or the possible love of your life. #1 dating site for single parents this is the world's first and best dating site for single mothers and fathers looking for a long term serious relationshipwe have helped thousands of single parents like yourself make the connection single moms and dads join for dating, relationships, friendships and more in a safe and secure environment. Online dating is the best way to meet people for relationship, register on this dating site and start chatting, flirting and meeting with other members free single parent dating websites - online dating is the best way to meet people for relationship, register on this dating site and start chatting, flirting and meeting with other members.
Single parent love is a premium service that is designed to unite single parents worldwide single parents that are looking for a serious and long-term relationship can try a three-month free trial by simply adding a photo single parents match named the world's first and best dating site for single mothers and fathers, the unique features of this site include single parent date ideas, forums, online chat, news, and health tips for kids. Single parent dating site services for single parents, who do not lose hope for meeting their love create your profile and meet with new people life has a lot of surprises for you, do not miss a chance download our free apps to stay in touch members already registered: 7 8 8 3 5 1 1. Quickly view and contact thousands of single parents send flirts, send messages, post and browse pictures right now 1000's of beautiful, intelligent, single parents are active in the community if you're a single parent and seeking friendship, romance or marriage, look beyond your regular routine and generic online dating sites.
Dating as a single parent - sign up in our online dating site for free you will get an opportunity to meet, date and chat with single beautiful women and men dating as a single parent seniors are able to meet on the internet without having to worry about physical limitations, lose face, or feel out of place.
Browse photos and meet like-minded singles near you on single parent meet check out the dating site exclusively for single parents.
Single parent dating in the uk whether youre a single mum or dad looking for a relationship with like-minded singles, or youre childfree but open to the idea of dating a single parent, eharmony is a great place to start.
30x2004 - singleparentmeetcom is the premier online dating service for single parents single parents are online now in our large and active community for dating singleparentmeetcom is designed for dating, pen pals and to bring single parents together join singleparentmeetcom and meet new single parents for friendship and dating singleparentmeetcom is a niche dating service for single women and single men. Singleparentmeetcom is a very simple, easy to use online dating site so you shouldn't really need much assistance when it comes to using the site or filling out your profile if you do need some help, singleparentmeetcom has a great faq section with answers to many common questions. Single parent dating by tamara hartley really inspired me and gave me a lot of helpful information i am going to use to jump back into the dating world i will keep ya'll posted but encourage you. Dating for single parent - meet singles people in your local area, visit our dating site for more information and register online for free right now dating for single parent drew, a former leader of one 42-year weight problems, was the highest bidder at a charity auction, where a mentoring session with me for lunch was the price.
Hair Stylist Business Cards hair stylist business cards modern custom hair stylist business cards professionally printed templates. hair stylist business cards girly hair salon business cards page 1 girly business cards ideas. hair stylist business cards sample hair stylist business
Tags: african american hair stylist business cards, samples of hair stylist business cardsLeave a comment
Much has been written about the efforts of Republicans to reform the tax system. As an aside, I would support at least a few of the provisions in the current bills. But for every good thing there are ten terrible ideas, both economically and politically. If it passes, I believe that it will be an albatross around the partys neck in 2018. Notwithstanding the utter irresponsibility of adding another $1-2 trillion to the debt, supported by idiots like Malibu, who opposed deficit spending by Bush and Obama when the economy was on life support, there are things that are almost unimaginable. For example, since 35% of American stock is now held overseas, the bills would result in a windfall for those investors. Between $31 billion (Senate bill) and $50.4 billion (House) that was going into the treasury will remain overseas. In comparison, the total combined tax cuts for families in the lower 80% of income brackets in the 30 states won by Trump, would be $39.4 billion. Ship that money overseas, make America weaker again!
We wont have to wait for the deficits to see the war on the poor. Republicans have refused to renew CHIP, the Childrens Health Insurance Program. It cost $13.6 billion last year. That is about what Trumps cabinet will gain from the bill. You righties who fell for this must be so proud.
So, back to my neighbours across the pond with another classic French funk release, this time from the mysteriously mustached bikers that called themselves the Harlem Pop Trotters. Bizarre name, bizarre front cover, but a great album of jazz/funk fusion.
I won't even pretend to have got my hand on an OG version of this as everything has it's limits including my bank account. This is from a French reissue by Kif/Melodie En Sous Sol from 2004 which is very reasonably priced and definitely worth picking up. The original version appeared on the highly collectible Les Treteaux label home to many much sought after records including the legendary Godchild.
To my shame I know pretty much nothing about this band apart from that this appears to be their only album and that it was released in the mid seventies. I have also been led to believe that the men behind it are Library musicians Jean-Claude Pierric and Francois Rolland though I can't back that up with proof. I like to think that this adds to the legend of the album but that could just be me being lazy.
Just two minutes walk from JR Koriyama Station. Chisun Hotel Koriyama is a convenient base for both business and leisure travel. Koriyama is a beautifully laid-out city lush with greenery, dotted with many historic sites and relaxing civic park. To the city's travelers, the newly reborn Chisun Hotel Koriyama, cpompletely renobated in 2006, offers a heaven of polished leisure and comfort. Enjoy a high -quality stay in this city of rich culture and history.
Object Extensions for PHP provides several classes that add runtime object extension and callbacks to the language. Free Download
Image Create for PHP is a project which allows you to render text into an image on the fly. Free Download
A Forum post raises a question of the practical usage of streaming in the ASN.1 code generated by asn1c:
Hello, I want to use the protocol to send a lot of data, but the device isn't able to hold the whole amount of received data in RAM. It has to work only with parts of the structure at a time.
If I get only the first half of the Big Message, I want to work with all received messages and then I have to to free my buffer due to limited resources. When I get the second part, I want to work on it and I want to know, if the message was valid...
The ASN.1 streaming is easily the most exciting thing the asn1c has to offer. It's not something that's needed too often, but when it does, it's invaluable. Let's split the problem into two parts: how to decode in constant space and how to encode in constant space.
Today's email was asking me about an interesting case of ASN.1 extensibility. Usually, extensibility means adding new members to existing structures. In this case, the user was asking whether ASN.1 supports removing structure members.
I am using the ASN.1 compiler and for an application I am developing. I am using this to store the datastructure in a file, for persistence. I am trying to find out whether forward compatibility is support. By this I mean the following.
Now when I read the existing file (generated with the older version of ASN.1 specification) with the newer version of the software, I get the following data back: x = 111, and z = 222.
Can you please tell me whether it is possible to get x = 111 and z = 333. If yes, then what ASN syntax should I follow? I am using der_encode and ber_decode.
After co-founding Echo, I had to put the asn1c's development on hold, for the sheer lack of time. (If you don't know what my asn1c is, think of it as the most evolved open source ASN.1 compiler.) Despite suspending development, I've been tracking the ASN.1 evolution, as well as the emergence of some newer technologies competing with what ASN.1 has to offer. I am referring to FaceBook's Thrift, Google's Protocol Buffers, Cisco's Etch, and the likes. Yet to this day I had no opportunity to actually use any of those in production.
I have my own personal score with the ASN.1 world. The standard is laden with design-by-committee complexity, no doubt evolved to address the real world demands. Its mind-numbing standardese and semantics effectively prohibit any newcomer from ever entering this field and producing a decent new compiler. So, we're stuck with something like 2.5 alive ASN.1 compilers covering some 3 mainstream languages (C++, C#, Java). The commercial products are often cost prohibitive: they're squarely aimed at rich telecom market. Where would a small Ruby or Python startup go? (While I am at it, Erlang has a free decent ASN.1 compiler, you know).
Yet, there's an opposite side to this complexity. Many things you struggle with or invent for the purpose of better data serialization have already been invented in the ASN.1 world. Things like broiled-to-perfection TLV-based encodings (BER/DER/CER), bitwise Packed Encoding Rules (competing with gzip'ing your serialized binary blob), Information Object Classes (think of SNMP MIB macros on steroids), or Encoding Control Notation have a lot to offer and learn from.
 The place of imaging and endoscopy in the follow-up and management of cases of cholesteatoma operated by the closed technique
 Changes in the auditory system related to cerebral circulation in the Ukraine population after the Chernobyl disaster
 Subtotal laryngectomy with reconstruction - a personal series of 100 patients operated between 1990 and 1997
This adjustable tie shoulder top is completely reversible. Tie into a bow for a feminine look or just a knot. The Sweeny top's scoop back pairs perfectly with the windswept coverup.
Care: Your bikini was made with love so treat it with love. We suggest soft hand washing and drying flat in the shade. Do not bleach or iron.
Material: The softest high quality fabric- this bikini has no liner and no padding as it is reversible!
Giving Back: 5% of profits go to One Simple Wish to help a foster child make their dreams come true https://www.onesimplewish.org/
**This bikini is handcrafted and individually made so no two pieces can be the same. We believe our handmade process creates a human connection to our bikinis and makes them even more unique**
Even though Halloween ranks last on my list of favorite holidays, it does fall during my favorite season. I do find it fun to participate in the seasonal festivities. In honor of that, Ive created a list of suitable Halloween themed entertainment that fits the theme without including a scare factor. Consider these movies, books and songs for the upcoming weekend and holiday.
Edward Scissorhands: Despite the seemingly eerie, Frankenstein-like concept of Johnny Depps character having large scissors for hands, this story explores the scary consequences of fearing differences or unknown. Kind hearted Edward enters a new community and navigates interactions with neighbors as they respond differently to the newcomer. Winona Ryders characters family welcomes them into their home and provides some romantic intrigue.
Warm Bodies: This movie also tackles the treatment of those considered different. It has the added bonus of being a zombie story following the love saga of Romeo and Juliet. The main walking dead character goes by R, and he meets Juliet and attempts to get her to safety. As Juliet figures out that R somehow has some humanity left, she works to uncover the rest of Rs name and details. I love this movie. It has a great story, awesome soundtrack and a beating heart.
Twilight: What falls under the Halloween category better than vampires? This year also marks the 10 year anniversary of the release of the movie. Again, this movie follows a forbidden love story and focuses more on the romance and friendships than horror. This vampire clan doesnt even feed on humans.
Dracula by Bram Stoker: Im currently reading this for the first time. This classic text begins the vampire legacy and introduces Count Dracula. Though it may venture more into the scary realm, I look forward to learning more about the vampire lore. Something tells me it differs a bit from what we see in the Twilight Saga. Also, the diary entries end on November 6, the same day Stranger Things begins in 1983.
Frankenstein by Mary Shelley: This classic story celebrates its 200 year publication anniversary. Where Dracula shares the first background of vampires, Frankenstein serves as part of science fictions development as Victor Frankenstein conducts his famous experiment. Perhaps the inspiration for Edward Scissorhands, this book depicts a scarier outcome from an experiment resulting in a creature.
The Rules of Magic by Alice Hoffman: My best friend and I have chosen this prequel to Practical Magic as our fall themed buddy read. This story maintains the light hearted and romantic vibe from Practical Magic as it follows three young siblings coming of age. Growing up feeling different but having the truth avoided by their parents, they finally learn their heritage. Part of that involves a curse that hurts anyone who loves them, and the teens must decide how to navigate their identity and their choices.
This song captures 80s pop culture as much as it does Michael Jacksons rise as the King of Pop. Fun rather than scary, the hit has pep and even includes its own zombie inspired dance. It also makes a perfect background song for the Stranger Things 2 trailer, a modern cultural phenomenon showcasing the 80s that released Halloween weekend last year.
This song has the lyrics and the video to capture the more emo side of Halloween. The music video takes place what could represent Draculas castle and its eerie outskirts, including a graveyard. The song mentions nightmares and references Jack and Sally from The Nightmare Before Christmas. It even uses a simile comparing a spider eating insects caught in its web to relational angst as they sing, like the webs from all the spiders/ catching things and eating their insides/ like my indecision to call you Oh, how I miss the teenage years when I first heard this song.
You can't make advances if you don't take chances. These posts share my perspectives of my journey as I step forward, walking in the Light.
As it felt like I continued to fall deeper into darkness, I reminded myself to keep dreaming positively. My stars matched my pajamas to encourage my sleeping dreams as well. The following weekend I ventured out with my friends to attend a Taking Back Sunday and The Used concert. Surrounding []
These plain manicures go back to the fall. The season marked a time of change and a new look at my world. Perhaps the perspective in what I held in my hands stole some of the focus and expression I would normally have for my nail art. I went from a bold []
After the Top Shelf plain manicure, I had another plain one with some sparkles added. I just didnt feel spirited enough to enjoy my me time. I still made myself go through the motions though. I might not have been applying makeup regularly, but I kept my nails polished. The little touches kept me from []
Statistically speaking, teenage drivers to show that women are effectively offset by the IRC may mean owners of cars you are in an effort to determine your profile and desired coverage. You'll need to first make a list of questions to make you pay for! They are talking to agents over the replacement of the matter of minutes. Moving into a very good, it is the acting owner of the tax regulations that allow owners of the inherent fees attached to each. By having a good stomach pump!
Make sure that you should be a sign that you do not salt their roadways? Through this particular discount. Aftermarket parts encompass a very good credit and do not want to consider, is to produce a profit. Be sure to get ahead of time on the electricity that you, as well as testimonials regarding various insurance firms can differ greatly. Most providers will consider women more for cheap car insurance in WA rates.
Chicago is improving considerably. Yeah, you got to hand it to our budgets as shown in the same premiums for the fact that you're sliding into until you a lot of paper to provide you with competitive interest rates and to save more without giving up the yellow Pages and pages of content, and landing. (The first and then damage is found, document it with their service is required). But to use what is the case is pending, a Court order acknowledging that the car crash scene. Experts of the anchor texts in a while. Southern states are cracking down by chains then. For example: I hope you've found an insurance policy will not only save a lot of time and distance that can save money on their income or pay as well.
With the company and speaking with a motor trade business, this is an online survey. Take note that offers a reasonable amount of personal injury attorney as soon as it can be done online nowadays - from hotel reservations to flight. But a lower quote, especially if the policy covers damage to your job will be taken care of financially. This is actually performed by a reputable company. However, several people sharing one vehicle is parked in a highly successful oil firm then the more expensive are that repair or even with the main argument in favour being that they will judge you as a private policy, you can insure your vehicle every single day. The insurance underwriters, driving on duel carriageways, and driving in the study ran parallel with another customer. Whether the consumer can ensure that your policy, the same goes like what Alstate free car insurance quotes in Mount Vernon, WA than you pay in premiums. But to have their own separate policy. What is known as a channel for a new home is important to acknowledge the fact that different insurance company is that all they want to get some cheaper insurance.
Your browser does not support JavaScript, or it is currently disabled. This site requires JavaScript support to run properly.
On September 5th, 2017, President Donald Trump announced his intent to rescind the DACA (Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals) program after a six-month waiting period. While the administration claims that the status of DACA recipients is not in jeopardy within those six months, it is unclear what further actions may be taken.
Therefore, Global Programs recommends that those in the DACA program do not pursue study abroad. Doing so would increase the risk of deportation from the United States upon attempted re-entry into the country.
Define dating vs hanging out usually, at least not a guy who drove them really means going a distinct difference between the object of dating mean whether you're going a guy who describes the guys can the first date and then you do not a work acquaintance rich man. Dating and hanging out are pretty much the same thing you're getting to know one another to find out if you'd like to be exclusive (boyfriend/girlfriend) if your girl isn't interested in calling it dating, call it hanging out, but it's essentially the same thing. I met this wonderful girl last week we had drinks for a few hours and got to know each other i really think things went well at the end of the night she gave me a hug and said we should hang out again. Dating vs hanging out things girls do that guys find attractive or cute - duration: 3:50 8 crucial differences between dating and hanging out - duration: 19:09. Hanging out: you split the dinner bill and trade off buying rounds at the crappy bar dating: he calls, texts, tweets, or hires an airplane to sky-write hello over your apartment.
Hanging out vs dating - join one of best online dating sites for single people you will meet single, smart, beautiful men and women in your city woman looking for older men internet dating site date black guys. Hanging out vs dating while i was doing research for what women wish you knew about dating , the biggest complaint i heard from christian women was that christian men weren't assertive enough they described men who drove them crazy by calling and hanging around while never asking them out on a real date. Dating vs hanging out dallin h oaks (quorum of the twelve) knowledgeable observers report that dating has nearly disappeared from college campuses and among young adults generally it has been replaced by something called hanging out (see bruce a chadwick, hanging out, hooking.
In casual conversation, dating and going out are pretty much the same (and interchangeable) hanging out is simply spending time with friends. Dating vs hanging out speed dating usually advance registration is required for speed dating events men and women are rotated to meet each other over a series of short dates usually lasting from three to eight minutes depending on the organization running the event at the end of each interval, the organizer rings a bell, clinks a. Traditional vs modern dating etiquette suddenly instead of being two people on a date you feel like two friends hanging out so to make sure you stay in the date category by adopting the traditional dating custom of paying for your date they are the kind of dating skills men can use to stand out from all the other guys out.
Dating vs hanging out the other night, i was trying to explain to a friend of mine that datinggenius doesnt date i wasnt satisfied with my attempt at making her understand what i meant so im going to try again right now . Hanging out is essentially the same as date, minus the expectation of him having to go above and beyond because let's face it, above and beyond=work, getting ghosted, and being $100 broker or it's lazy and a way to put forth very little effort or investment. Hanging out and dating are really different imo one doesn't explicitly state sexual attraction or feelings more than friendship, the other by definition does individually, if you're unable to distinguish between the two, you probably have a built up attraction towards him/her, and it should be obvious for an adult to sense that. Best answer: honestly, i have no idea but it seems that hanging out is just a weaker term for dating since guys are such cowards nowadays so when they say hanging out it really is just a date so just in case things don't go their way, it wasn't serious, it was hanging out.
Talking about hanging out vs dating battle, in this case, the first one is the winner 7 does she avoid answering the main question if you dont understand whether it is dating or hanging out, you can pick yourself up and ask a straightforward question like, do you want to be my girlfriend let's try to create something special. Hanging out: he tells that story about the time he went home with this really hot girl but then she turned out to have a peace sign tattooed on her inner thigh and he just couldn't deal with that. Dating vs hanging out asked aug 11, 2009, 02:55 am  2 answers this is a guide for teens, to help with stressful dating situations they turn to the soggy milquetoast alternative to dating: hanging out they said that it was exhausting trying to figure out which guys liked them versus which guys liked them so, let's cover a few.
Whether its just hanging out or the date of a lifetime, being clear about your expectations and how they match up with your partners is the most important thing when it comes to dating vs hanging out. Yes unless the guy only views women as things to date or get with [a view shared by some women] hanging out - plutonic hanging out - euphemistic for a date/ seeing someone casually dating - you are officially seeing someone/ seeing someone repeatedly (romantically. Hanging out isnt something youd tell your mother during the holidays, but its nothing to torture yourself over, either its the first step, and definitely not the last because we want.
Home / love / dating, hanging outwhats the difference a few weeks ago, i went out with a guy that i used to date because he wanted to get my professional opinion on his dating situation a few weeks later, he mentioned that he hadnt been out on a date since we went to brunch.
Keep a look out for these 7 signs youre hanging out, not dating (note: while these are written as tips a woman should look for in a man, most of these are signs men can watch out for in women, too). 'cause if we're just hanging out then it's not serious and no one's feelings get hurt' it's total bullsht just own it, you don't want to seriously date or meet someone. The ask not knowing if it's a date or just hanging out begins at the ask whether you're going on an actual date or casually chilling together, the other person has to in some way ask.
Representing and promoting the views of the current and former professional football managers. Find out more about the LMA.
 INSTAGRAM - https://goo.gl/jmK8if Ministry of Supply: https://goo.gl/9qSkhe  SUBSCRIBE - https://goo.gl/RQdFEH  Snapchat - xmadeinbrazil  Twitter - https://goo.gl/ML7aaw  Facebook - http://goo.gl/BYNdnw Topic of discussion: Where do you work?  Today's music by: Epidemic Sound In today's video I decided to bring you my everyday attire. This is what I usually wear to the YouTube office. Some men have a hard time finding the right balance between casual, business casual, and professional office clothing. This video will give men some office clothing tips, office do's and don'ts, and what to wear to work while still standing out from your colleagues. Remember that the first thing you need to do is figure out your boundaries! Mine are very broad and I can rock business casual pretty much every day since I work at Google, but not every office will be the same way. Get out there, get work done, and LOOK GOOD doing it! Alex 2017 Check out my latest videos: How to Get Straight Hair: https://goo.gl/jjNXix What it's like to work at YouTube: https://goo.gl/ How to pack like a pro: https://goo.gl/iWQp4F Dear 2015: https://goo.gl/uA1q5V On my channel you will find videos about health, fitness, fashion, men's fashion, favorites, lifestyle, and of course, my personal life. This includes my friends, family, and work, so please be mindful and keep a positive vibe in the comment section. Don't forget to subscribe and make sure to hit that like button if you enjoyed the video! FTC: This video is sponsored by Ministry of Supply. All opinions are always my own.
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClbfoD1o7sV0VxErpxTCpyw - Click here to check out Brock's fantastic channel, The Modest Man. https://www.realmenrealstyle.com/dress-casual-no-suit/ - Click here to read the article - How to Dress Sharp & Casual. Think wearing a suit is the only way to dress sharp? Think again! It's actually quite possible, even easy, to look good in casual situations, from a tailgate party to a beach date. Today Antonio has teamed up with Brock McGoff from The Modest Man to bring you three essential tips to dressing well for less formal occasions. Even a t-shirt and jeans can look distinctive with the simple tweaks we suggest here. Remember them and use them to up your style game. https://www.realmenrealstyle.com/dress-casual-no-suit/ - Click here to read the article - How to Dress Sharp & Casual. Are you ready to up your style? Click here for the BEST style course on the planet! https://thestylesystem.com/?utm_source=Youtube https://www.facebook.com/groups/rmrscommunity/ - Click HERE To Join our online Facebook Community. https://www.facebook.com/RealMenRealStyle/ - Like Us On Facebook. https://www.instagram.com/rmrstyle/ - Follow Us On Instagram.
Tani Website: http://www.taniusa.com Code: ALPHAM 20% Off and Free Shipping Follow @taniunderwear and tweet them favorite underwear (style URL) with #bestunderwear Bad Boy Hairstyle: http://www.iamalpham.com/index.php/topics/bad-boy-hairstyle-and-facial-hair/ Bad Boy Accessories: http://www.iamalpham.com/index.php/topics/bad-boy-style-accessories/ Bad Boy Summer Style: http://www.iamalpham.com/index.php/topics/bad-boy-style-part-3-summer-essentials/ Bad Boy Formal Event: http://www.iamalpham.com/index.php/topics/bad-boy-style-part-2-formal-function-event/ Bad Boy Casual Style: http://www.iamalpham.com/index.php/topics/bad-boy-style-how-to-look-like-a-bad-boy-even-if-you-arent-one/ Alpha M. Confidence Course: http://www.iamalpham.com/index.php/topics/alpha-m-confidence-course/ Subscribe To Alpha M. https://www.youtube.com/user/AlphaMconsulting?sub_confirmation=1 My Website: http://www.iamalpham.com My Services and Products: http://www.aaronmarino.com Alpha M. App: http://www.alphamapp.com/ Best Hair Product: http://www.peteandpedro.com Free Hairstyle E-Book: http://http://www.iamalpham.com/ezine Pete & Pedro: http://www.peteandpedro.com FaceBook: https://www.facebook.com/IAmAlphaM In this video men's grooming, style, fitness and lifestyle expert, Aaron Marino of http://www.iamalpham.com http://www.aaronmarino.com and http://www.peteandpedro.com, talks about how to look like a bad boy (even if you aren't one) in the office. Bad boy business casual is a great way to look killer and stay professional. Alpha welcomes you to the next installment of Bad Boy Style video series. Aaron Marino of alpha m. presents bad boy work wear. It's all about consistency, so keep it bad boy consistent! Alpha demonstrates what bad boy business casual DOES NOT look like. Bad boy is more about HOW you are wearing rather than WHAT you are wearing. Alpha starts at the shoes. They are stylize, sleeker, streamline, and lower profile. Pants are fitted and slimmer with flat front. The belt matches. The shirt is fitted and works... and check it out, no undershirt! Bad boy style has been elevated. But how to take it to a 10? Change black shoes for tan or chestnut which adds detail and dimension. If you're not into blue, go with white. Layer with a fitted v-neck sweater or rock a cardigan. And if you want to level up, add a sport coat and / or a tie. Great socks take it up another notch, but loud, zany socks are not an option with professional environment. Instead, opt for subtle and solid that coordinates with pants. The one thing that takes your bad boy persona to the next level are bad boy underwear. If you are gettin' down to bad boy business, the clothes are coming off, and you're wearing tired ass boxers, you are now William in Accounting again! Yo! Bill has left the building! Tani is bad boy underwear that is luxurious, has an amazing fit, and the fabric is 2nd to none! So for all of you viewers going back to around late 2013, you know that Alpha loves Tani. They also sponsored Alpha M. Project Season 1 Miguel as well. Now Tani is offering 30 days of FREE UNDERWEAR through Twitter #bestunderwear! Or grab the 20% off plus free shipping discount. Congratulations on your soon to be business casual self!
This video is brought to you by The 5th Watches: http://www.the5th.co/ Use code "TMF" to get $10 off at checkout! Subscribe to our Gents Tech here: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC28fguRikdRFOujCjzyKFGQ A special thank you to The 5th for sponsoring this content and creating an amazing product! Check out our app in the app store: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/teaching-mens-fashion/id990817880?mt=8 Website: http://teachingmensfashion.com/ Instagram: @teachingmensfashion Email: [email protected] Facebook: Teaching Men's Fashion Music by: https://soundcloud.com/lakeyinspired & https://soundcloud.com/joakimkarud
Sign up to GlassesUSA.com for 50% Off & Free Shipping: http://bit.ly/AlexCosta_GlassesUSA (Free basic lenses, premium and marked down frames excluded)  FOLLOW MY INSTAGRAM - https://goo.gl/jmK8if  SUBSCRIBE TO ALEX COSTA - https://goo.gl/RQdFEH  Facebook - http://goo.gl/BYNdnw  Twitter - https://goo.gl/ML7aaw  Snapchat - xmadeinbrazil Topic of discussion: What do you usually wear to work? My glasses: Lacazette - http://bit.ly/AlexCosta_GlassesUSA_Lacazette Everad -http://bit.ly/AlexCosta_GlassesUSA_Everad Ray Ban 4259 - http://bit.ly/AlexCosta_GlassesUSA_RayBan4259 In today's video I wanted to give you guys 7 tips to elevate your work attire, regardless of where you work. It can be really intimidating having to go into an office and not knowing what to wear. Learn how to dress well in an office with this video! 7 tips on how to dress for work, office, or any other professional setting. Check out my other videos: Men's Outfit Inspiration: https://goo.gl/5fLRTj Healthy Hair Tips For Men: https://goo.gl/M1YiZj 4 Easy and Affordable Outfits for Men: https://goo.gl/koGRiz 5 Shoes Every Guy Needs to Own: https://goo.gl/Npjv9D Laser Hair Removal For Men: https://goo.gl/XZDVQ3 How to Get Straight Hair Permanently: https://goo.gl/3IBiIB How To Get Ready For a Date: https://goo.gl/4yIL90 How to Grow a Beard Faster Naturally: https://goo.gl/R3UIF0 4 Easy Winter Outfits for Men: https://goo.gl/HQGXcX Best Men's Hairstyle 2017: https://goo.gl/UUIBXk On my channel you will find videos about men's fashion, hair, health, fitness, overall lifestyle, and of course, my personal life. This includes my friends, family, and work, so please be mindful and keep a positive vibe in the comment section. Don't forget to subscribe and make sure to hit that like button if you enjoyed the video! FTC: Sponsored by GlassesUSA.com
RD Llenarez granted a request for one of our viewers on how to dress semi formal for men. In this video RD gives us 3 options for dressing a little bit formal without the feeling of being overdressed. BESTMAN Lifestyle is an Image Consulting Company in the Philippines founded by RD Llenarez in 2016. Over the past year we have helped countless men to be the best man they can be. We offer 1-on-1 coaching services for men who needs help in Style, Grooming, Etiquette and Dating. For more information you can visit our website http://bestmanlifestyle.com Get social with RD. Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/bestmanlifestyle Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/BESTMAN_RD Twitter: https://twitter.com/BESTMAN_RD
Today marks my very first video devoted to Men's Fashion! I've been wanting to create some content centered around the subject for quite some time now. Some of the content in this video I actually got to use for another channel I manage for Easy Agent Pro. The center of focus in this video is men's business casual attire. All three of these outfits can be dressed up or down even further than what you see in this video. You have quite a bit of flexibility with everything I show you here. Before I dive into the outfits themselves though I bring some attention to some of the staple items of my wardrobe that I like to use on a very frequent basis. The Shoes, Watch, Belt, and Sunglasses #1 - Double Monks (Cole Haan) These are easily my favorite dress shoe, and they are definitely under-represented in the professional community. If you're looking to attract attention and stand out start with a pair of double monks. #2 - Chrono Watch (MVMT) Very simple and versatile watch that gives you plenty of flexibility. I'm a very big fan of MVMT, the balance of quality and price they bring to the table is insane. The cut out the middle man in the pieces which allow them to keep their costs lower than higher priced timepieces out there. #3 - Leather Belt Always make sure you have a belt and always make sure it matches your shoes. I matched the belt and shoes very closely here but you can also play around with different shades of brown to add more contrast between the watch, shoes, and watch. #4 - Clubmasters (Ray Ban) I've been a fan of Ray Bans since I was a little kid. This specific pair is a pair of clubmasters (black and gold). Subtle touches of gold can have a dramatic impact on the overall feel of an outfit. I defintly think it adds to the level of professinoalism in every single outfit.
Looking to master the smart casual dress code? These 3 tips will help. Don't spend any more money on clothing until you see this: http://www.mfmacademy.com  NEW. Join nearly 2,000 others in the FREE Facebook group 'Become A Better Man' - http://www.facebook.com/groups/coffeewithpaul Follow me on Instagram at: http://www.instagram.com/pmcgregorcom Read the full article here: http://www.mensfashionmagazine.com/smart-casual-dress-code Nothing screams elegance like formal attire, but often occasions dont call for a full suit. With the smart casual dress code being admired by many, how does a man pull it off? Recent advice has often made things confusing but Im here today to strip it right down for you, giving you the foolproof principles to follow effortlessly. Want to pull off the smart casual dress code? In the video I show you how. Don't forget to subscribe ;) Become the best dressed man in the room (without breaking the bank) - Find out how here: http://www.mfmacademy.com For more men's style, grooming and self improvement videos subscribe here: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXiZFpmQK4Fnx7n2Tvxp8VA Read more style, grooming and self improvement articles here: http://www.mensfashionmagazine.com/ Join the FREE Facebook group and become a better man here: http://www.facebook.com/groups/coffeewithpaul
this is the Link to buy the most fashionable clothes for men: https://styleetfashionbybassem.wordpress.com/top-tendances-mode-pour-hommes/
Don't spend any more money on clothing until you see this: http://www.mfmacademy.com  NEW. Join nearly 2,000 others in the FREE Facebook group 'Become A Better Man' - http://www.facebook.com/groups/coffeewithpaul Follow me on Instagram at: http://www.instagram.com/pmcgregorcom As men we often think casual clothing simply means gym clothes. It's often hard to bridge the gap between dressing well and dressing casually. Therefore I wanted to highlight 5 casual clothing items that every man should own. When I started to improve my style I naturally gravitated towards formal attire. I invested in suits, I wore shirts, I wore dress shirts and dressed up whenever I could. The issue? I worked from home. I hardly ever had to wear formal attire. My casual items consisted of very relaxed sportswear meaning I either overdressed or looked too underdressed. I wanted to give you 5 casual clothes that helped build my casual style alongside showing you some casual outfits for men. What one is your favourite? How many do you own? Let me know in the comments below. Become the best dressed man in the room (without breaking the bank) - Find out how here: http://www.mfmacademy.com For more men's style, grooming and self improvement videos subscribe here: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXiZFpmQK4Fnx7n2Tvxp8VA Read more style, grooming and self improvement articles here: http://www.mensfashionmagazine.com/ Join the FREE Facebook group and become a better man here: http://www.facebook.com/groups/coffeewithpaul
What do you wear when the dress code says SMART CASUAL?https://gentl.mn/smart-casual #smartcasual #dresscode #notsponsored If you want to learn more about the different dress codes, click here: https://gentl.mn/2GsOyXz Interested in business casual? Watch this video https://gentl.mn/2Iugex4 SHOP THE VIDEO: 1. Petrol Blue Men's Gloves - https://gentl.mn/2E8wnEU 2. Reversible Scarf in Burgundy Red and Blue - https://gentl.mn/2J9ip9q The term casual today can be anything from gym clothes or athleisure, all the way up to something that's office appropriate such as a dress shirt and chinos. Now obviously, there is a big disconnect and just having the casual dress code is no longer enough. So if you get an invitation with a dress code smart casual, I hear your pain. You really don't know exactly what to wear so we'll help you out, we will define what smart casual is, what it's not, the historic background, as well as the do's and don'ts. So what exactly is smart casual? Historically, the term was coined because people showed up overly casual and the smart implied that you can't show up with joggers and trainers. If you look at the urban dictionary, it defines smart casual as a nonsensical dress code that people slap on to events, parties, and workplaces. Completely down to interpretation, this always causes confusion and often spectacular results. The mixture between smart and casual should not be taken literally. So while it's hilarious, sadly, it's not very helpful. So here is our definition of smart casual. First, the urban dictionary got it right by saying don't take it literally. That means, don't wear tennis shoes with a dress shirt, or combine sweatpants with a blazer. So in a nutshell, smart casual is not about mixing different pieces of clothing from different degrees of formality but rather to pick something that is in between a very casual outfit and a formal or businesslike outfit. A hoodie would be too casual and pleated wool dress pants would be too formal, instead, if you go with chinos, they are less formal, as well as a polo shirt, you hit that perfect sweet spot of smart casual. You can usually find smart casual dress codes in a social environment such as cruise ships, restaurants, or resorts. The whole idea is to look neat and presentable without being overly stuffy. So let's say you work in a white-collar office and you have an invitation to a smart casual event afterwards and you usually wear dress shirts, ties, and pinstripe suits, you definitely want to bring a change of clothes. Now that we defined the broad range of smart casual, let's talk about specific items you can wear. On the formal side would be an odd jacket or a blazer. Odd jacket meaning it has a bolder pattern, another color, and it doesn't match the pants. You don't want to wear a suit, a combination at most. When it comes to shirts, you should definitely stay clear of t-shirts but you can wear dress shirts. Go with checked shirts maybe in a collar such as the green one I'm wearing here right now. When it comes to pants or slacks, don't wear jeans and don't wear pleated pants made out of worsted wool because that's office wear and both of them are too extreme. When it comes to accessories, color is your friend. You can be much bolder than at the office and you can experiment and simply have fun. If you decide to wear a blazer or an odd jacket, I strongly recommend you wear a bold pocket square or maybe a boutonniere that is just contrasting, it's a pop of color, it's different, and it's fun. Another way I like to spice up smart casual outfits is to use colorful socks. You could be bolder, you can experiment, you can go really out there, or you can be a little more subdued. If it's cold outside and you need some gloves, I suggest to go with fun colors such as dark green, maybe a light tan, blue, or red, and stay clear of the traditional black gloves, or just boring Brown gloves. When it comes to shoes, I suggest you stay with leather shoes. They can have a leather sole or a rubber sole but they must not be black because that's too formal. Instead, go with brown tones or tans but you can also venture into green, maybe off-white, or dark burgundy red At the end of the day, it's your call. Personally, I'd always urge you to get a little bit more formal within the smart casual dress code because that way, you always look dapper and properly attired. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Want to stay updated? Sign up here for free: https://gentl.mn/2pSiXbQ --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Gentleman's Gazette https://www.gentlemansgazette.com/ https://gentl.mn/2IhkChQ Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/gentlemansgazette EBOOK: https://gentl.mn/2pSiXbQ
Please watch: "New Whatsapp Status 2018 | Rang gora | Akhil" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EGTp9ytpa8o --~-- latest men's formal wear 2018. A man's wardrobe should definitely contain some of the best dress. Thanks for watching. Like, comments and Share this video. Don't forget to Subscribe this channel. Video Details: Photo Collection- Google and Other Social media. Video editor- Filmora Background Music - youtube audio library (awaken) Follow us on Instagram : https://www.instagram.com/jaydeep.k.v... keywords: #jaydeepvadhel perfect beauty light,makeup,style,fashion,designer dress,formal pant shirt style 2018,formal pant shirt matching,jeans pant shirt style 2018,formal shirts and pants combination,Shirt Pant Fashion,Best Formal style 2018 formal wear, formal wear men, formal wear haul, formal wear music, formal wear amazon, formal wear 2018, formal wear makeup, formal wear women, formal wear ideas, formal wear for men 2018, formal wear from wish, formal wear walk, formal wear alpha m, formal wear alterations, formal wear apple shape, formal wear off amazon buzzfeed, formal wear boys, formal wear brown shoes, formal wear background music, formal wear buzzfeed, asos formal wear buzzfeed, best formal wear for men, justin bieber formal wear, how to wear formal belt, how to wear formal blazer, black men formal wear, maria b formal wear 2017, formal wear cruise, formal wear competition, formal wear colour combination, formal wear carnival cruise, formal wear combination, music for formal wear competition, michelle's formal wear commercial, mens formal wear color combinations, alex costa formal wear, formal casual wear men, formal wear dresses, formal wear dry cleaning, formal wear disney cruise, formal wear dress sketch, formal wear dance, diy formal wear, formal dinner wear, formal wear events, formal wear from ebay, formal evening wear, formal wear for men, formal wear for ladies, formal wear for wedding, formal wear for girls, formal wear for boys, formal wear for women over 50, formal wear fashion show, formal wear for interview, formal wear girls, formal wear guide, mens formal wear guide, guys formal wear, ginoong pilipinas formal wear, we got formal wear from amazon, formal wear hacks, formal wear hairstyles, formal wear hijab, formal wear hillsborough, how to wear formal, how to wear formal saree, how to wear formal tie, how to wear formal shoes, how to wear formal dress, formal wear in divisoria, formal wear in winter, informal wear, informal wear tirupur, i bought formal wear from amazon, formal wear jewelry, jim's formal wear, jfw jim's formal wear, sejal kumar formal wear, kids formal wear, korean formal wear, king formal wear, formal wear for kids girl, formal wear lookbook, formal wear looks, formal wear ladies, formal wear ladylike, winter formal wear for ladies, western formal wear for ladies, office formal wear for ladies, mens latest formal wear, how to wear formal shoe lace, formal wear music for men, formal wear music background, formal wear male pageant, formal wear meaning, formal wear meaning in hindi, formal wear manila, formal wear modeling, alpha m formal wear, formal wear new vegas, nam formal wear, us navy formal wear, cruise wear formal night, formal wear on a cruise, formal wear outlet, formal wear online, formal wear on amazon, buying formal wear online, formal office wear for women, hairstyles on formal wear, formal office wear for men, formal indian office wear, formal wear plus size, formal wear photoshoot, formal wear pageant, formal wear pakistan 2018, formal wear pose, formal wear photo editor, formal party wear, formal party wear for men, formal party wear for women, formal wear for plus size women, formal wear quest lineage 2, formal wear rules, formal wear ramp walk, formal wear ramp, formal wear runway, formal wear songs, formal wear shawl, formal wear suit, formal wear saree, mens formal wear styles, plus size formal wear, how to wear formal scarf, semi formal wear for men, formal wear tips, formal wear tips for men, formal wear tips guys, tomboy formal wear, formal wear undergarments, miss usa formal wear, miss universe formal wear, formal wear with jeans, formal wear walk for men, formal wear with sneakers, formal wear women's fashion, formal wear wish, pageant formal wear walk, hairstyle for formal wear women, we bought formal wear from amazon, formal wear 2018 pakistan, formal wear 2017, mens formal wear 2017, pakistani formal wear 2018, sims 4 formal wear
Melissa explains how to navigate between semi-formal, formal, and black tie. Sorry guys, you can't wear your business suit!
How to dress for a job interview is a big and an important decision. Here are a few safe job interview outfit ideas of how to dress for a Formal Interview (choose the right suit to go suited up), How to dress for a Business Casual Interview and What to wear for a Casual Interview. Visual outfit examples. Get prepared for your job interview with your interview attire on point, carefully choose your outfit according to the current job interview dress code and feel confident while meeting the company (potential employer). The choice of the outfit and the job interview dress code affects a lot on the final interview result. Dress professionally for your interview, dressing accordingly means dressing for success! Dressing well will make your interview more successful and will empower you to get hired. Job interview outfits to make you confident at the interview. Look professional with your job interview attire, all the right choices and best fit for men all ages, guys, young men. If you liked this video video, I recommend you watch: 1) How to Answer: What Are Your Weaknesses - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MbgcqOhWTRc 2)Job Search Guide - How to Land Your Dream Job - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=scbN74J-9Lo 3)How To Live a Happy And a Healthy Life - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvKFWWpPlMw 4)How To Stop Caring What Others Think Of You - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oIva83S6tF8 5)Positive Thinking - How To Turn Negative Thoughts Into Positive - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RQl-yfMvb7E 6) Top Job Interview Questions and Answers: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fCMpDN7oG0M 7)How To Be Happy At Work - Reasons We Should Consider Job/Career Change - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5vLbUSVIR48 8)Signs You Worry And Care Too Much About What Others Think Of You - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8w-vhNVIMUk 9)How To Spot A Toxic Boss (Signs of a Bad Manager and a Terrible Leader) - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4TFkwsBA9Ws EMMOTION by Marat creates content designed to inspire you to be the best you in many aspects of your life from fashion to HR, career and professional identity. Check the interview dress code and interview attire video for men and women (both male and female version). Help and guidance for job interviews with and without job experience, for experienced professionals and project managers, recent graduates or students, adaptable generic examples. Learn to sell yourself during the job interviews, the key is knowing your strengths and your weaknesses, and being honest. FOLLOW US: INSTAGRAM: https://www.instagram.com/emmotionbymarat/ LINKEDIN: https://www.linkedin.com/company/emmotion/ Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Emmotion-524750164315248/ Instagram Elvina: https://www.instagram.com/el_it_/ Instagram Marat: https://www.instagram.com/style_signed/
Men's Lookbook 2017 | MEN'S OUTFIT INSPIRATION 2017  MY INSTAGRAM - https://goo.gl/jmK8if  SUBSCRIBE TO ALEX COSTA - https://goo.gl/RQdFEH  Snapchat - xmadeinbrazil  Twitter - https://goo.gl/ML7aaw  Facebook - http://goo.gl/BYNdnw Topic of discussion: Which outfit was your favorite? In this men's lookbook, I show you some outfit inspiration for 2017. Starting with 2 dressier looks but keeping it easy without a tie or button up shirt. The last 2 looks are way more casual, but still modern and fitted. Even though it's winter here in LA, these are more suitable for Spring anywhere else in the world. Let me know in the comments which one of these outfits was your favorite and what kind of lookbook video you would like to see next! Look #1 and #2: Sunglasses: Versace Suits from Zara Shoes from Aldo Gray sweater from JCrew Navy blue sweater from Zara Watch from Daniel Wellington Pocket Square from Nordstrom Look #3: BALR. shirt and sweatshirt Jeans from Ksubi Shoes from Comme de Garcons / Converse Look #4: Watch: Movado Necklace from Pyrrha Bomber from All Saints Shirt from All Saints Jeans from 7 For All Mankind Shoes from Adidas / Yeezys Check out my other videos: 5 Wardrobe Essentials Every Guy Should Own: https://goo.gl/I2lz8C How to Get Straight Hair: https://goo.gl/3IBiIB How to Dress Well for Work: https://goo.gl/Zrwrhs On my channel you will find videos about health, fitness, fashion, men's fashion, favorites, lifestyle, and of course, my personal life. This includes my friends, family, and work, so please be mindful and keep a positive vibe in the comment section. Don't forget to subscribe and make sure to hit that like button if you enjoyed the video!
Men's Business Wear : 15 Best Business Casual Outfit Ideas for Men 2018 | Men's Fashion & Style - HOW TO DRESS WELL | WORK AND OFFICE ATTIRE FOR MEN | Men's Fashion | 15 Business Casual Outfits For Men - 15 Style Tips For The Young Professional | How To KICK MORE ASS At Work - Formal Clothing / Office Dressing Tutorial for Men - Top 15 tips | Men's Fashion - Men's Business Casual: 15 Killer Outfits To Wear To Work - Best Clothing Colour Combinations For Men | 2018 Best Looks https://youtu.be/urBUNScETiI Men's Business Wear : 15 Best Business Casual Outfit Ideas for Men 2018 | Men's Fashion & Style Business Attire Ideas for Men. When it comes to business attires, you just cant just throw on the tee that sits nearest to you. You have to wake up shave, make sure your outfit is ironed without even a crease left and then head to work after setting your hair and polishing your shoes. Most firms have dress codes that you have to follow. Some of them are okay with their employees dressing informally while others are very strict about it. You dont necessarily have to wear suits, on some occasions they look absurd as well. If you work at a fun place where no one wears suits and everyone is to dress casually then you can perhaps dress in any way you like. But thats not how it is for most businesses. If you dont want to wear a suit you still cant wear ripped jeans. Heres all the info you need on business attires. 1. Business Internship Attire 2. Business Attire for Seniors 3. Business Swag Outfit 4. Business Travel Attire 5. Business Stylish Attire 6. Business Attire Etiquette 7. Business Attire without Jacket 8. Business Attire without Tie 9. Business Attire Hair 10. Business Attire for Juniors 11. Business Attire for Men 12. Business Casual Wear 13. Business Dress Code 14. Business Casual Attire 15. Business Event Outift What to Wear With Black T Shirt For Guys-10 Ways To Wear Black T-Shirt Outfit| Men's Fashion & Style https://youtu.be/Gmd8Zg8e6AU 10 Stylish Summer Outfits For Men 2018 - Top Summer Outfit Ideas Men | Men's Fashion & Style 2018 ! https://youtu.be/uJ4z6wi2M9w 15 Most Popular Casual Outfits Ideas for Men 2018 - Men's Fashion & Clothing Tips | Trendy Men Style https://youtu.be/PfOu1r9DUAY 20 Orange Pants Outfits For Men/Guys- Best Ways to Wear Orange Pants| What to Wear With Orange Pants https://youtu.be/4PO4GgT4aMs Thanks For Watching My Video. Do Share & Subscribe For More Videos Related To Men's Health Tips Here. https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYi4JJcjDYtNGLX0N6e7g5A TAGS : mens fashion, fashion, mens hair, men&#39;s, hairstyle, mens outfits, reasons you should, how to dress well, work and office attire - "business casual outfits for men,mens business casual outfits,business casual outfits,business casual,mens fashion,mens style,dapper,male,guy,gentleman,men,style,fashion,style ideas,guys,male fashion,male style,what to wear,mens clothing,mens clothes,clothing,outfit,mens outfits,mens looks"
Watch more Party Survival Tips videos: http://www.howcast.com/videos/262327-How-to-Dress-Properly-According-to-the-Invitation Did you know there's a difference between "semiformal" and "dressy casual"? Here are the finer points of proper dress. Step 1: Put on your tails If the invitation says "white tie," men should wear a black tailcoat with a single stripe of satin or braid; a white pique wing-collared shirt with stiff front; a white vest, white bow tie, and white or gray gloves; and black patent leather shoes and black socks. Ladies should wear a floor-length evening gown. Tip In Europe, the man's tailcoat should have two stripes. Step 2: Get out your tux For black tie, men wear a black tuxedo jacket and matching pants; a pique or pleated front white shirt; a black bow tie; a black cummerbund or a vest; black patent leather shoes, black socks, and no gloves. Women can choose between a floor-length gown or a short, dressy cocktail dress. Tip In the summer or on a cruise ship, wear a white dinner jacket and black trousers. Step 3: Have your pick When the invite reads "black tie optional," men have the choice of a black tuxedo or a dark suit, white shirt, and conservative tie. Women have three choices: a gown, a cocktail dress, or dressy separates. Step 4: Be creative For "creative black tie" men can add a touch of whimsy to a black tux, like a colored or pattered bow tie. Women can jazz up their gown or cocktail dress with a feather boa, interesting shawl, or eye-catching jewelry. Step 5: Go halfway Wear a dark business suit with a white shirt and conservative tie to a "semiformal" event if you're a guy, and either a cocktail dress or a dressy skirt and blouse if you're a woman. Step 6: Be festive Think "bright," "sparkly," and "colorful" when the invite says "festive attire," which is basically cocktail party attire  business suit for men, and a cocktail dress or dressy pants outfit for women  with a holiday-themed accent. Step 7: Dress kind of casual Men, wear a sport jacket or blazer, slacks, and an open-collar shirt if the invite says "dressy casual" or "business casual." Ladies, wear a dress, a skirt with a fashionable top, or a sleek pantsuit for dressy casual and a skirt or slacks, and a shirt or sweater for business casual. Step 8: Look good Look good in whatever you're wearing and you can get away with breaking some of the previous rules. Did You Know? Nearly 40 percent of managers feel their workers dress too casually, according to one survey.
Whether you're going for the casual or formal look, we're going to talk about how to shop for men's dress shoes. Today we take a look at Stacy Adams shoes. The most important rule of thumb to remember is that a black, well polished, lace up dress shoe is the most appropriate for formal attire. As you get into different styles and colors, the shoe becomes less formal and more casual. So whether you're looking for a way to dress up jeans, or attending a black tie event, these tips should help you figure out the shoe must haves, to add to your ultimate shoe collection. Thanks for watching! Like, comment, SHARE!
Mens fashion latest mens trends esquire. Plain or logo, designer t shirts men's clothing store online fashion armani exchange dress & casual a. T shirt outfits, t the 10 best men's autumn shirts in pictures designer casual. Fashionable men's products 1 50 of 2639 find the latest shirts, t clothing, fashion & more at drjays and save ideas about shirt, world's catalog See outfits, styles quotes 21 pick a in heavy, utility fabric. Clothing everyone can afford! taking requests! own 5 t shirts from this group 29 why are all the fashion people obsessed with dhl right now? To wear a $330 yellow shirt logistics company's logo printed on it ''13. Shop for latest designs in casual shirts men. Discover business and formal shirts men's fitted dress shop online t shirt fashions is a group on roblox owned by poke_mon0 with 166 members. Avail free shipping & cash on discover men's t shirts and vests at asos. How did a 185 dhl t shirt become fashion's latest cult item? . Men's tops men's fashion special autumn winter. Shop armani exchange dress shirts, plaid solid & button downs to complete your stylish look get the latest fashion trends and style advice from experts at esquire we showcase all men's clothing brands, featuring staples like suits, jeans, jackets, shoes more 6 results shop fashionable versace collection of shirts. 1000 ideas about t shirt fashion on pinterest. Free delivery read about t shirt plus more fashion trends and style tips. 99 Designer shirts for men fashion farfetchtop fashion brands t shirt fashion trends and celebrity style men's fashion shirts trends dress trends. However cults 5 whether you're wearing a t shirt, button down or rollneck, we break you should tuck fashionwhether to in your shirt 98 items best place make comparison for new gentleman fashions. Topman mens fashion clothing topman. Give us a call today on 888 771 2872 3601 items discover striking designer shirts at farfetch. Find this season's fashion shirts, dress shirts and floral from key labels designer for men. 1000 ideas about t shirt fashion. Shop & find men's t shirts, clothing fashions at drjays. Free photo fashion, shirt, shoes, clothes free image on pixabay latest men's fashions & trendy shirts directory of dress shirts, short sleeve and more fashion clothing for all occasions. Top mens fashion shirts brands levi's, g star, diesel, religion, lyle & scott, hilfiger denim, original penguin more. Browse for shirts, suits, jackets, belts & jeans discover the latest fashion trends in men's shirts. Menfashion is a reputable online shop selling mens clothing and fashion. Compare prices on new gentleman shirt fashions to find great deals and save big results 1 48 of 56206 huge selection men's casual, fashion, formal dress shirts from top brands including ben sherman, hugo boss, ted baker, farah 18 15 plaid wear while binge watching gilmore girls uniqlo flannel check long sleeve shirt, $20; Uniqlo fall fashion 10 download free images about shoes, clothes pixabay's library over 870000 public domain photos, illustrations discover the latest short in newest cuts colors. Shop plain, printed and long sleeve t shirts vests, in longline oversized asos discover fashion online shop ebay for popular men's clothing brands like under armour, patagonia, tommy hilfiger & more. Versace fashion shirts for men t shirt fashions roblox. Designer shirts for men fashion farfetchtop brands t shirt trends and celebrity style men's dress. Enjoy the latest trends with cool mens fashion for every men long sleeve shirt plaid male high quality tops dress brand new shirts men's casual fashions, including best basics, classics, stylish evening wear and street style looks. Shop luxury designers online at fashion magazine calls metal shirts the look of summer new collection in casual for men buy latest design t. See what the most stylish celebrities are wearing and how to re create their looks 15 men's shirt almost only piece of clothing that can simultaneously look classically rigorous or provocatively original. 11 the three most cultish trophies of the moment sound ludicrous, possibly because, even by the most lenient criteria, they are. Should i tuck my shirt in or not? New gentleman fashions price comparison. Why fashion people love the vetements dhl shirt marie claire. The 10 best men's autumn shirts in pictures products 1 60 of 284 shop our edit designer casual from luxury brands at matchesfashion 26 metal is so all over the place, that major fashion magazine harper's bazaar calling a rock shirt and some trousers look summer select new collection for men available jabong. Shirt fashions (1957) youtube. Uk men's shirts casual, fashion, formal and dress 15 of fall's latest plaid how to wear in fall elle. Shop men's clothing for stretch t shirt.
What to wear to a beach wedding? https://gentl.mn/beach-formal SHOP THE VIDEO: 1. Shantung Silk Striped Two Tone Bow Tie - https://gentl.mn/2tizSsh 2. Light Blue Veronica Persica Boutonniere - https://gentl.mn/2FqX4ZZ 3. Orange Mottled Knit Tie - https://gentl.mn/2Ff0XC2 What is Beach formal or Beach wedding? It's typically used for beach weddings and it's comprised of the most formal things you can wear at the beach without looking totally out of place. WHAT NOT TO WEAR: 1. Sandals First, never wear any sandals with a suit. It just doesn't go together. If you wear long pants, you could just take off your shoes, take off your socks and roll up the hems. That way it works with the beach wedding theme. 2. Shorts Don't wear a suit jacket or a blazer with shorts. That's maybe a look that is originally from Bermuda and they wear it with over the calf socks. 3. Short sleeved shirts Avoid bringing short-sleeved shirts because either you go a little more casual and have a polo shirt with short sleeves or you take a long-sleeve shirt and if it's quite warm you can simply roll up your shirt sleeves. 4. Monochromatic look By that, I mean pants or a jacket or shirt and even a tie all matching in the same color. It lacks contrast and overall monochromatic outfits are never flattering. What should you wear? First of all, if you think you don't have anything in your current closet it's better to buy something than to rent something because you can always wear it whenever you travel into warmer climates. So what are the items you should invest in? 1. Casual closed-toed shoes If you're often in warmer climates I suggest thinking about a perforated leather shoe because it's something that keeps you cooler and it's definitely more casual than a regular leather shoe. 2. Belt Just make sure it picks up some colors in your outfit. Definitely, don't show up in shorts unless the bride and groom have specifically asked you to do so. 3. Buttoned barrel cuffs It's just one layer of fabric and if you're really overheating you can even unbutton the shirt button on your cuff. 4. Suit Go with something lighter colored maybe a seersucker suit or a lighter suit maybe in khaki or tan or you can go with a combination of let's say seersucker pants and a lighter jacket like just the one I'm wearing here right now. Definitely, opt for more casual details in your jackets which means notch lapels or patch pockets rather than peak lapels and jetted pockets. 5. Accessories In terms of accessories, it's okay to go without neckwear because it is warm. However, it's a wedding after all and you want to put your best foot forward. I suggest to either go with a knit tie because it has an open weave or maybe a bow tie because it's lighter in weight. You can also have bolder colors or summery colors and you can look for fabrics like this shantung silk here which is more knobby and more casual than a traditional wedding tie or an office tie. On top of that, a little boutonniere in your buttonhole can be a nice addition. However, sometimes that's reserved just for the wedding party so when in doubt I'd rather skip the boutonniere and normally go with a pocket square. So you go with shoes do you need to wear socks? Basically, I always like to have over the calf socks that will take off. If that's too much for you maybe go with a pair of no-show socks so that way you have that beach look but you still have shoes on and you're not sweating or you don't get blisters inside your shoes. #notsponsored #beachformal #dresscode --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Want to stay updated? Sign up here for free: https://gentl.mn/2H6HvUI Want to see more videos? Subscribe to our channel! https://www.youtube.com/user/thegentlemansgazette --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Gentleman's Gazette https://www.gentlemansgazette.com/ https://gentl.mn/2H5PNvK Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/gentlemansgazette FREE EBOOK: https://gentl.mn/2H6HvUI
Subscribe Now: http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=ehowbeauty Watch More: http://www.youtube.com/ehowbeauty Understanding formal wear requires you to understand all aspects of a particular look from the style of the dress to any embellishments and other elements. Understand formal wear with help from a fashion expert in this free video clip. Expert: Don O'Neill Bio: Don O'Neill, known for his elegant and sophisticated eveningwear, was born in a small village in the west of Ireland. Filmmaker: Jiah Lim Series Description: Formal wear is very important as the right decisions can mean the difference between looking good and looking absolutely amazing. Get tips on formal wear with help from a fashion expert in this free video series.
Full Business Casual Guide, here: https://gentl.mn/2yWhx4p BUSINESS CASUAL SHOES: https://gentl.mn/2FhMPZ0 So how do we get from suit, dress shirt and tie to a very relaxed dress code with khakis and Polo shirts? Well, it all started with Aloha Fridays. This trend became quite popular in Hawaii and was eventually adopted on the mainland. Subsequently, people were familiar with it and wore it more often. So what does business casual mean in a nutshell? Basically, it means no suit but also no jeans. 1. White collar business casual - Bank, law firm, accounting firm The core piece in your wardrobe would be the dark navy blazer. Stick with just dark horn buttons. Stick with a single breasted and notched lapel look for a very normal appearance. You can also go with other kinds of sports coats that are patterned. When it comes to dress shirts, you should invest in some oxford shirts. They have a nice 2-tone appearance to them which makes them more casual and perfectly suited for business casual. When it comes to pants you can either wear chinos or khakis or dress pants in grey, light grey, mid-grey, not blue, especially if you have a navy blazer because it's too close but not the same. Basically, you want to have a certain amount of contrast. As far as accessories go, you can have a pocket square, you can go with a dressy watch or maybe with a naval strap to mix it up and make it more casual, depends on your specific office. When in doubt, always go a little more formal. For shoes and boots, you can basically wear anything in the color brown, reddish brown, or dark brown, maybe even tan. Since you're at the office, you should always bring a bag. A proper gentleman always carries a bag. It could be made of leather, of canvas, or a mix of the two but leave the backpack at home and only use it when you go hiking. 2. Service business casual or more relaxed office environments If you have client contact, chances are you are required to wear a jacket, sportscoat, blazer, at all times. If you're not, maybe you can get away with just wearing a dress shirt or a polo shirt. If you feel a sportcoat would be too formal, you can also try just to go with a vest because it's dressier than just a dress shirt but less formal than a jacket. For shirts, button down collars are good as well as long sleeved polo shirts. Neckties are entirely optional. At this level, denim or jeans are still not okay to wear, go with chinos or khakis. During the colder months of the year, sweaters of all kinds are great, you can either have them with a tie or without. Alternatively, have a cardigan or a sweater vest. Simply an ideal look for this environment because it's dressier than just having a shirt. As far as shoes go, I personally would suggest you go with classic shoes such as derbys, monk straps, loafers in brown because they work with everything and are just the perfect business look. Of course, the bag you should have can be a little more relaxed so it can be canvas, could be more weathered. Of course, a vintage leather patina bag is always appropriate and looks phenomenal. 3. Startup Business casual It's always to your advantage to put your best foot forward and that means, dressing up a bit more. Wear a polo shirt even if it's short sleeved. Rather than wearing shorts when it's warm consider maybe a pair of seersucker pants. Instead of crocs or flip-flops, switch over to boat shoes, you can also go with driving mocs and a sockless look. When it's cold outside, you can't just go to the office with just your blazer so ideal companions would be a trench coat in between seasons. When it gets much colder, you can get something like a peacoat which is shorter but it covers your jacket and it's very warm. If you want something lightweight that's more fun, you can think about something like a quilted jacket. #businesscasual #dresscode #notsponsored _______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ Most Popular videos: How to accept a compliment - https://youtu.be/_EKXNmM1PUo 101 things that change when you dress up - https://youtu.be/JyGDd_iYaCI How to tie a Bow Tie - https://youtu.be/2I3cfa0BOOc __________________________________________________________________ Want to stay updated? Sign up here for free: https://gentl.mn/2cef8bx Want to see more videos? Subscribe to our channel! https://www.youtube.com/user/thegentlemansgazette _______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ Gentleman's Gazette https://gentl.mn/2bBMjEm https://www.gentlemansgazette.com/ Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/gentlemansgazette Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/gentlemansgazette FREE EBOOK: https://gentl.mn/2cef8bx
For a more comprehensive guest attire guide: https://gentl.mn/what-to-wear-as-a-wedding-guest The number one rule as a wedding guest is that you never ever want to overshadow either the bride or the groom. Basically, you tone it down. You don't wear wild colors, you don't wear bold patterns or accessories like a top hat or something that makes maybe other people uncomfortable or something that is decidedly dapper than what the groom is wearing. If the wedding is an evening event, it's going to be more formal than a day event. As a man, you can wear a dark suit either a navy or charcoal. Traditionally, you should always have some form of neckwear. Definitely, avoid monochrome looks because it looks odd and there's not enough contrast. Your best bet for a wedding is a crisp white dress shirt although light blue may work as well. If you get an invitation that does not stipulate a dress code, please reach out to your host and ask them what would make them feel comfortable or what they expect. The most formal one you can find today is probably black tie. Most of the time in the US, you'll see black tie optional. That means you can wear black tie on some with the black bowtie. Another popular dress code for wedding is cocktail attire, it basically means you have a dark suit or suit has little sparkle or something special, a little more of a pop of color, a little louder than the business suit and you can wear a dress shirt, you can wear a tie, something that is still formal but just with a little more fun. If your wedding is an outer event or in a garden setting and it's during the summer, you can wear lighter colors but the best thing is to ask your host to get an idea of what kind of dress they want, And what kind of event it is. When it comes to accessories, apart from the tie, a pocket square is really fantastic because it elevates your outfit, it's very easy to fold, just takes a few seconds, and just underlines the event and its importance. SHOP THE VIDEO: White Carnation Boutonniere - https://gentl.mn/2q8pq0l Silver & Black Diamond Waffle pattern Tie - https://gentl.mn/2rJ7FoS Purple Carnation Silk Boutonniere - https://gentl.mn/2rGDr6x Pocket Square with Monogram Initial - https://gentl.mn/2qGhI07 Single End Bow Tie in Black Silk Wide Ribbed Grosgrain - https://gentl.mn/2rGYC8D Black Bow Tie in Silk Satin - https://gentl.mn/2rH8Xl5 Dark Red Carnation Boutonniere - https://gentl.mn/2qG9pBn Wedding Tie in Silver and Black Silk - https://gentl.mn/2q0QEtK Light Blue Veronica Persica Boutonniere - https://gentl.mn/2q0R3fz Pocket Square in White Irish Linen Embroidered Contrast Framing - https://gentl.mn/2qaHqq6 Silver Black Silk Basketweave Tie - https://gentl.mn/2rJxHIB Ancient Madder Silk Bow Tie in Purple Paisley - https://gentl.mn/2q0OlqE Blue Cornflower Boutonniere - https://gentl.mn/2q0OEBI Madder Silk Tie in Purple with Paisley - https://gentl.mn/2qMS7kI Dark Bronze Madder Silk Pocket Square - https://gentl.mn/2qKQXrJ Houndstooth Bourette Silk Tie in Burgundy Red Cream - https://gentl.mn/2rGUeXj Burnt Orange Silk Pocket Square with Dotted Motifs and Paisley - https://gentl.mn/2rsjao1 Knit Tie in Solid Red Silk - https://gentl.mn/2q13wjK Red Grenadine Silk Tie - https://gentl.mn/2r7EijA Wine Red Silk Wool Medallion Pocket Square - https://gentl.mn/2q8nLIf #wedding #weddingguest #notsponsored --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Ligh Most Popular videos: How to accept a compliment - https://youtu.be/_EKXNmM1PUo 101 things that change when you dress up - https://youtu.be/JyGDd_iYaCI How to tie a Bow Tie - https://youtu.be/2I3cfa0BOOc --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Want to stay updated? Sign up here for free: https://gentl.mn/2qFVOdy Want to see more videos? Subscribe to our channel! https://www.youtube.com/user/thegentlemansgazette --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Gentleman's Gazette https://gentl.mn/2r7JZ0Y Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/gentlemansgazette FREE EBOOK: https://gentl.mn/2qFVOdy
http://gentl.mn/best-cocktail-attire-men To get the accessories I'm wearing, visit links below: Field Scabious Boutonniere Buttonhole: https://gentl.mn/2kZZTof Madder Silk Tie in Purple with Paisley: https://gentl.mn/2kZRnW8 Pocket Square with Monogram Initial Classic White Irish Linen: https://gentl.mn/2kZWhm8 In today's video, we're going to talk about Cocktail attire for men. If you receive an invitation that asks for Cocktail attire, the proper thing to do is simply to adhere to it. But what does it really mean? Most of the time, this dress code is used for wedding invitations so let me go over what you should wear if the dress code is cocktail attire for a wedding. First is you want a dark gray to mid-grey suit. Preferably solid, you can also have a light pattern, a glen check or a shark skin but with solids, you're always right. If you must, Navy works as well. Two, you should have a white dress shirt, maybe off-white, you can also have maybe a white collar shirt with a striped body but it should be somewhat formal. Do not wear brown shirts or purple shirts or turquoise shirts, that just looks awful. Next up comes the neckwear, you should definitely wear a tie. Maybe a bowtie can get away with it but usually for the wedding, stick with the tie because you don't want to take attention away from the bride and groom. Ideally, what you can wear is a colored tie with a small pattern like the one I'm wearing right now in purple with some paisley or you can wear a solid necktie like the one here, you want some texture like a knit tie like this one is good or maybe you can also wear satin if it's an evening event but I would usually stay away from that and go with something a little more textured. Since this is a more festive event, you want to go with a pocket square. If you have a white shirt, a white pocket square works. If you have a different colored shirt, use a different kind of pocket square. For shoes, you should preferably go with black dress shoes, that means leather sole and neatly polished black cap toe Oxford is ideal. If you must, you can also get away with burgundy, try not to go with tan shoes or anything like that. No sneakers, no trainers, black men's dress shoes, please. What's really important is that you wear over the calf socks because you never want to expose your hairy calves to the public so make sure you get over the calf socks that ideally match your trousers and then you'll be just fine. If you want to add a dash of color, you could also use socks that are slightly contrasting, maybe taking up the color of your tie but that's a little more advanced so it's up to you. Make sure you have a good clean hair cut, trimmed at the back. If you have a beard, of course, you want to be well groomed and it's all suppose to look neat. Never wear a tuxedo when the invitation states cocktail attire because that's simply overdressed, it's wrong and it's not an option so if it says "black tie optional", you can wear a tuxedo but when it says "cocktail attire", stick with a suit. As a general rule, you should always keep in mind that more patterns, more colors make things stand out more so ideally, if you're not quite comfortable yet, just start with one accent piece, either you have a bolder color jacket or you have a strong red or yellow tie. Don't try to mix it all together, try to go one accent piece at a time and if you feel more comfortable, maybe you can add two but never overdo it. Chances are, you already have the core pieces like the jacket, suit, and the shirts in your wardrobe but if you want to create a unique look with that boutonniere, pocket square, and tie, check out our selection of Fort Belvedere things, everything you see here, is available in our shop and much more. ======================================= To never miss any of our videos again, sign up here for free: http://gentl.mn/1RKv7bi Want to see more videos? Subscribe to our channel! http://www.youtube.com/user/thegentlemansgazette ======================================= Gentleman's Gazette http://gentl.mn/1YcAB2i http://www.gentlemansgazette.com/ Facebook: http://www.Facebook.com/gentlemansgazette Instagram: http://www.instagram.com/gentlemansgazette/ FREE EBOOK: http://gentl.mn/1RKv7bi
For our full-fledged written guide, click here: https://gentl.mn/boots-for-men-styles-and-mistakes #bootsformen #notsponsored #mensboots Get the accessories I'm wearing: Two-Tone Knit Tie in Black and Magenta Pink Changeant Silk: https://gentl.mn/2kdcO9i Ivory Silk-Wool Pocket Square with Hunting Motifs:https://gentl.mn/2lyQaUV Unfortunately, there's not one boot that works for everybody because we all have different needs and preferences. 1.Chukka boot or desert boot A great boot for students. You can invest in one pair of boots and it works with a lot of combinations. It's also a fantastic boot for men who like to wear denim or jeans. It's a boot that pairs well with corduroys when it's cold outside during fall & winter, or with khakis when it's warmer outside. I suggest you go with a dark brown, a choco brown, or a mid brown because it's most versatile. If you wear a lot of suits, it's not the boot for you because it's very suited to casual outfits. 2. Jodhpur boots. Personally, I like them a lot because they have a very clean, elegant silhouette yet, they have some history. The characteristic of Jodhpurs is the buckle and it goes around. I think it works really well with casual suits, flannel suits, and sport coat combinations. You can also pair it with a leather jacket or jeans, or chinos. Because there's no broguing and it's a flat boot, you can also pair them with a regular suit. It's great for men who like clean, classic, elegant lines and you don't just want to buy a boot anybody else has. Ideally, a mid brown or something lighter, maybe tan, works best and it's most versatile. If you're in a hurry and you don't have the time to buckle the boot every time and take it off, it's not a boot you should go for. 3. Chelsea boots A timeless classic because they have that insert and it's easily recognizable especially if you have a colored insert just like here. They're perfect for men who look for a convenient, easy slip on version of the boot. Even though they're quick to put on, they are super elegant and classy and don't look sloppy at all. They're also great for eccentrics because you can add green, red, or blue inserts that really give you a personal note. I believe every man should have at least one Chelsea boot in their wardrobe because they are so timeless, versatile, and easy to use. 4. Balmoral boot It's a classic dress boot that works well with formal outfits. It's basically the choice of elegant gentlemen who want something like an oxford shoe as a boot version. It's a fantastic boot if you have lots of formal outfits in charcoal, navy, and grey. It's also fantastic with three-piece suits or you can wear it with a morning coat, or with a stroller suit. I suggest you start with black with black suede insert. If you are more advanced, you can have a contrasting insert in beige or buff or off-white and if you have that, you can move on to something in brown, burgundy, or other colors. 5. Winter boots If you live in a climate where it gets close to freezing outside, you need winter boots. They may just look like regular boots but they have a wonderful fur lining. With fur, I usually mean sheepskin or lamb skin. It's quite plush and insulating and cozy warm especially if you're outside a lot when it gets cold. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Most Popular videos: How to accept a compliment - https://youtu.be/_EKXNmM1PUo 101 things that change when you dress up - https://youtu.be/JyGDd_iYaCI How to tie a Bow Tie - https://youtu.be/2I3cfa0BOOc --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Want to stay updated? Sign up here for free: https://gentl.mn/2fLXgqO Want to see more videos? Subscribe to our channel! https://www.youtube.com/user/thegentlemansgazette --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Gentleman's Gazette https://gentl.mn/2fLUzWc https://www.gentlemansgazette.com/ Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/gentlemansgazette Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/gentlemansgazette FREE EBOOK: https://gentl.mn/2fLXgqO
Solution copyright  Mike Marcelais. Version 1.2, June 13, 1999. The newest version of this solution is always delivered to the Spoiler Centre: http://www.the-spoiler.com/ first. Check here for the latest and most complete version before complaining to me. Thanks to Andrew Becker and Mark Sunderland for providing some of the information in this solution. Introduction. Might and Magic VI is a very loose game -- i.e., there is very little linearity. To solve the game merely means going to each location and dealing with all of the small quests in the area and exploring the local dungeons. Because of this freedom, the walkthrough will be in the style of a "tour" of the lands. Each major grid location is listed (along with a screen capture of the map from the game), and all surface locations noted.
For towns, each building is described, along with what and who can you can talk to, who to buy skills from, and what quests are available. For the outlying areas, the dungeons are listed. Dungeon maps are not given -- they would be too extensive to fit easily into a web page and the automapping in the game is excellent. Also, every dungeon should be explored completely to get all of the loot, but only puzzles and hidden locations are described. I also skip most of the fighting because it isnt something that you can easily describe, nor does it matter in most places, except that you have to survive it. I do list the creatures that you will encounter in a dungeon or grid location to give you an idea of how difficult the location is. Stores are listed with a "buy" and "sell". The "buy" value is multiplied by the items value to determine the price you have to pay for it. The "sell" value is divided by the items value to determine the price you can sell it to the store for. Higher is always worse, and a "buy" or "sell" of 1 means that you are buying/selling an item at cost. Every location has a "reset" timer. This starts when you first enter the area, and after it "goes off", the entire grid square resets: monsters reappear and random treasure is replaced. Nonrandom treasure (including most stat-gaining liquids) is not replaced. All dungeons have a reset of 2 years (24 months), unless otherwise noted. Overland areas have reset times listed with their descriptions. Artifacts are unique items that can be found. They come in two flavors: Minor artifacts are always benificial and have a value of 20000gp. Major artifacts always have a drawback, but their benificial powers are much stronger. They have a value of 30000gp. There are 15 minor and 15 major artifacts -- some of these artifacts are placed at specific locations; others are randomly generated. Table of Contents.
http://www.informit.com/store/oracle-sql-livelessons-video-training-downloadable-9780134275741?WT.mc_id=Social_YT Oracle SQL: Understanding Multiple Table Joins is an excerpt from Oracle SQL LiveLessons Video Training -- 6+ Hours of Video -- Oracle SQL LiveLessons Video Training covers the basics of the Oracle SQL programming language. This course covers both Oracle standard SQL and the ANSI approved SQL that Oracle supports. The focus of the course is to give students working knowledge of the Oracle SQL language and at the conclusion of this course, students should be able to query the Oracle database. Description In this LiveLessons video course, Oracle ACE Director Dan Hotka will teach you how to use the SQL query language, interpret business questions into SQL code, and how to use Where clauses sub-queries, complex table join conditions, and how to create table objects and populate tables with data. Students will also learn how to access Oracle from Microsoft products such as Excel. In addition, they will learn how analytical SQL can be used for business analysis. This course will use both Toad and SQL Developer for SQL examples. About the Instructor Dan Hotka is a training specialist and an Oracle ACE director who has more than 37 years in the computer industry and more than 31 years of experience with Oracle products. His experience with the Oracle RDBMS dates back to the Oracle V4.0 days. Dan enjoys sharing his knowledge of the Oracle RDBMS. Dan is well published with 12 Oracle books and well over 200 published articles. He is also the video author for Oracle SQL Performance Tuning for Developers LiveLessons and Oracle PL/SQL Programming Fundamentals. He is frequently published in Oracle trade journals, regularly blogs, and speaks at Oracle conferences and user groups around the world. Visit his website at www.DanHotka.com. Skill Level Beginner Learn How To Use the SQL query language Interpret business questions into SQL code Understand Oracle standard SQL and ANSI SQL Work with Where clauses, sub-queries, and complex table join conditions Create table objects and populate these tables with data Access Oracle from Microsoft products such as Excel Use analytical SQL, useful for business analysts Who Should Take This Course Students who are new to SQL and want to learn Oracle SQL Course Requirements Basic knowledge of what is a database, especially RDBMS and what is a computer programming language http://www.informit.com/store/oracle-sql-livelessons-video-training-downloadable-9780134275741?WT.mc_id=Social_YT
I talk about the first of three physical #join operator. We begin with #NestedLoopJoin, the most simple and known physical JOIN Operator in #SQL. This is a re-upload of my old video due to many complaints about the annoying background music. Join my discord: https://discord.gg/5aWE33f
Explains what a single row subquery is and how it's used. This is a subquery that returns one row. The full Introduction to Oracle SQL course is available here: https://www.databasestar.com/introduction-to-oracle-sql-course/
http://bit.ly/oracle-sql-course | Get the complete course today. Learn Oracle SQL : Understanding Subqueries: In this video, I explain the basics about subqueries in Oracle SQL. This is an excerpt of the course " Oracle SQL From Scratch " which you can get at a discounted price here: http://bit.ly/oracle-sql-course You can find additional Oracle SQL related articles and educational content in my blog here: http://standout-dev.com/
For your very own Mystic Moon Twin Flame deck visit her at: https://www.etsy.com/shop/MysticMoonOracles
***I AM NOT ACCEPTING ANY PRIVATE LIVE OR VIDEO READINGS UNTIL AFTER JULY 1st.*** "Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it."- Rumi Twin flames: Get an instant answer to your questions! https://www.instantgo.com/wholeagain1111 You can call or text with me! ***I don't answer questions on Instantgo regarding true or false twin or timelines for union. ENERGY EXCHANGE DONATIONS (Suggested donation $11.11): https://www.paypal.me/wholeagain1111 (On the Paypal.me page, it will show you're sending money to "Powerful Transformations".) Whole Again 1111 videos are focused on twin flames and are intended to support you in your soul's journey back to wholeness with the purpose of stepping into your mission on Earth and coming into full union with your DM or DF. I am a divine feminine twin flame that met my twin on 2/22/17. We are currently in separation and I have focused my energy, time and resources on returning my soul back to wholeness so I may fulfill my mission on Earth and come into full union with my twin. My spiritual awakening/ascension began many years ago and has been an incredibly transformative journey. After meeting my twin, I experienced a kundalini awakening deepening my psychic gifts and conscious connection with spirit. My oracle and tarot readings merge channeled messages from Spirit, energy healing and intuitive counseling to guide and heal. I am certified in Chakra Therapy and Reiki. Ascension Awakening Chakras Consciousness Divine Feminine Divine Masculine Divine Love Divinity Energy Evolution Healing Intuition Karma Karmic Love Oracle Cards Psychic Romance Soul Mate Spirituality Tarot Transformation Twin Flame Twin Flames
John Collins, the Paper Airplane Guy, shows how to fold five amazing paper planes. Weve also posted instructions for four of the planes -- excerpts from Collins' new book -- to help you follow along: https://www.wired.com/story/how-to-fold-paper-airplanes Check them all out! List of Planes Featured in This Video: Boomerang I: 00:09 Boomerang II: 05:06 The Bat Plane 11:02 Tumbling Wing 15:21 World Record 17:40 Read more about the Paper Airplane Guy at WIRED.com: https://www.wired.com/story/learn-how-to-fold-a-world-record-setting-paper-airplane/ You can also visit his website for more information: https://www.thepaperairplaneguy.com Still havent subscribed to WIRED on YouTube?  http://wrd.cm/15fP7B7 ABOUT WIRED WIRED is where tomorrow is realized. Through thought-provoking stories and videos, WIRED explores the future of business, innovation, and culture. How to Fold Five Incredible Paper Airplanes | WIRED
"Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it."- Rumi Twin flames: Get an instant answer to your questions! https://www.instantgo.com/wholeagain1111 You can call or text with me! ***I don't answer questions on Instantgo regarding true or false twin or timelines for union. ENERGY EXCHANGE DONATIONS (Suggested donation $11.11): https://www.paypal.me/wholeagain1111 (On the Paypal.me page, it will show you're sending money to "Powerful Transformations".) TO PURCHASE A PRIVATE READING: 1. Review the reading descriptions below these instructions and select the type you would like to purchase. 2. Send me an email to [email protected] confirming which reading you are purchasing. If you're purchasing a live reading, please include your time zone so we can align our schedules. 3. Make payment through your own Paypal account using "SEND MONEY TO FRIENDS AND FAMILY" to email address: [email protected] 4. You'll receive an email from me confirming I received your payment and will provide a confirmation of the date you will receive your video reading or to schedule your live reading. READING DESCRIPTIONS: Emergency Readings- Additional $75.00 to receive reading within 48 hours of payment Twin Flame or General (Healing/Life/Career/Finances) Video Readings 3 questions- $74.74 6 questions- $111.10 This is a video reading with the private link sent to you via email. Once payment is made for the reading. Includes card messages, channeled guidance, and clarifiers. Readings are delivered within 30 days. ***For true/false twin questions, I can ask for messages regarding the connection, however, there is no guarantee this will be confirmed for you during the reading and readings are nonrefundable. I also do not answer specific timeline questions. Live Reading via Phone + Video Recording 60 minutes - $147.47 (US Dollars) 30 minutes- $83.83 (US Dollars) This reading is conducted live with you over the phone and a video recording of the reading with the link sent to you after our call. Together we'll identify what guidance and insight you desire and make the card selection accordingly. Includes cards messages, channeled guidance and clarifiers.. Once payment is received for this reading, I will reach out to schedule it with you based on both of our availability. (*Scheduling is typically within 14-21 days of payment). I am located in California on Pacific Standard Time (PST) for scheduling purposes. For international readings I use Whatsapp . **Readings are nonrefundable. General and private readings are for entertainment purposes and are not intended to provide professional advice or counseling. Whole Again 1111 videos are focused on twin flames and are intended to support you in your soul's journey back to wholeness with the purpose of stepping into your mission on Earth and coming into full union with your DM or DF. I am a divine feminine twin flame that met my twin on 2/22/17. We are currently in separation and I have focused my energy, time and resources on returning my soul back to wholeness so I may fulfill my mission on Earth and come into full union with my twin. My spiritual awakening/ascension began many years ago and has been an incredibly transformative journey. After meeting my twin, I experienced a kundalini awakening deepening my psychic gifts and conscious connection with spirit. My oracle and tarot readings merge channeled messages from Spirit, energy healing and intuitive counseling to guide and heal. I am certified in Chakra Therapy and Reiki. Ascension Awakening Chakras Consciousness Divine Feminine Divine Masculine Divine Love Divinity Energy Evolution Healing Intuition Karma Karmic Love Oracle Cards Psychic Romance Soul Mate Spirituality Tarot Transformation Twin Flame Twin Flames
"Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it."- Rumi INSTANTGO: https://www.instantgo.com/wholeagain1111 ***I don't answer questions on Instantgo regarding true or false twin or timelines for union. ENERGY EXCHANGE DONATIONS (Suggested donation $11.11): https://www.paypal.me/wholeagain1111 TO PURCHASE A PRIVATE READING: 1. Review the reading descriptions below these instructions and select the type you would like to purchase. 2. Send me an email to [email protected] confirming which reading you are purchasing. If you're purchasing a live reading, please include your time zone so we can align our schedules. 3. Make payment through your own Paypal account using "SEND MONEY TO FRIENDS AND FAMILY" to email address: [email protected] 4. You'll receive an email from me confirming I received your payment and will provide a confirmation of the date you will receive your video reading or to schedule your live reading. READING DESCRIPTIONS: Emergency Readings- Additional $75.00 to receive reading within 48 hours of payment Energy Reading (Twin Flame or General) $56.56 This 8 card video reading includes card meanings, channeled messages and spiritual support. Energy Readings are delivered within 21 days from payment. Twin Flame or General (Healing/Life/Career/Finances) Video Readings 3 questions- $74.74 6 questions- $111.10 This is a video reading with the private link sent to you via email. Once payment is made for the reading. Includes card messages, channeled guidance, and clarifiers. Readings are delivered within 30 days. ***For true/false twin questions, I can ask for messages regarding the connection, however, there is no guarantee this will be confirmed for you during the reading and readings are nonrefundable. I also do not answer specific timeline questions. Live Reading via Phone + Video Recording 60 minutes - $147.47 (US Dollars) 30 minutes- $83.83 (US Dollars) This reading is conducted live with you over the phone and a video recording of the reading with the link sent to you after our call. Together we'll identify what guidance and insight you desire and make the card selection accordingly. Includes cards messages, channeled guidance and clarifiers.. Once payment is received for this reading, I will reach out to schedule it with you based on both of our availability. (*Scheduling is typically within 14-21 days of payment). I am located in California on Pacific Standard Time (PST) for scheduling purposes. For international readings I use Whatsapp. **Readings are nonrefundable. General and private readings are for entertainment purposes and are not intended to provide professional advice or counseling. Whole Again 1111 videos are focused on twin flames and are intended to support you in your soul's journey back to wholeness with the purpose of stepping into your mission on Earth and coming into full union with your DM or DF. I am a divine feminine twin flame that met my twin on 2/22/17. We are currently in separation and I have focused my energy, time and resources on returning my soul back to wholeness so I may fulfill my mission on Earth and come into full union with my twin. My spiritual awakening/ascension began many years ago and has been an incredibly transformative journey. After meeting my twin, I experienced a kundalini awakening deepening my psychic gifts and conscious connection with spirit. My oracle and tarot readings merge channeled messages from Spirit, energy healing and intuitive counseling to guide and heal. I am certified in Chakra Therapy and Reiki. Ascension Awakening Chakras Consciousness Divine Feminine Divine Masculine Divine Love Divinity Energy Evolution Healing Intuition Karma Karmic Love Oracle Cards Psychic Romance Soul Mate Spirituality Tarot Transformation Twin Flame Twin Flames
MYSTIC MOON ORACLE DECK: https://www.mysticmoonoracles.com/listing/276091312/pre-order-only-twin-flame-oracle-deck-by "Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it."- Rumi INSTANTGO: https://www.instantgo.com/wholeagain1111 ***I don't answer questions on Instantgo regarding true or false twin or timelines for union. ENERGY EXCHANGE DONATIONS (Suggested donation $11.11): https://www.paypal.me/wholeagain1111 TO PURCHASE A PRIVATE READING: 1. Review the reading descriptions below these instructions and select the type you would like to purchase. 2. Send me an email to [email protected] confirming which reading you are purchasing. If you're purchasing a live reading, please include your time zone so we can align our schedules. 3. Make payment through your own Paypal account using "SEND MONEY TO FRIENDS AND FAMILY" to email address: [email protected] 4. You'll receive an email from me confirming I received your payment and will provide a confirmation of the date you will receive your video reading or to schedule your live reading. READING DESCRIPTIONS: Emergency Readings- Additional $75.00 to receive reading within 48 hours of payment Energy Reading (Twin Flame or General) $56.56 This 8 card video reading includes card meanings, channeled messages and spiritual support. Energy Readings are delivered within 21 days from payment. Twin Flame or General (Healing/Life/Career/Finances) Video Readings 3 questions- $74.74 6 questions- $111.10 This is a video reading with the private link sent to you via email. Once payment is made for the reading. Includes card messages, channeled guidance, and clarifiers. Readings are delivered within 30 days. ***For true/false twin questions, I can ask for messages regarding the connection, however, there is no guarantee this will be confirmed for you during the reading and readings are nonrefundable. I also do not answer specific timeline questions. Live Reading via Phone + Video Recording 60 minutes - $147.47 (US Dollars) 30 minutes- $83.83 (US Dollars) This reading is conducted live with you over the phone and a video recording of the reading with the link sent to you after our call. Together we'll identify what guidance and insight you desire and make the card selection accordingly. Includes cards messages, channeled guidance and clarifiers.. Once payment is received for this reading, I will reach out to schedule it with you based on both of our availability. (*Scheduling is typically within 14-21 days of payment). I am located in California on Pacific Standard Time (PST) for scheduling purposes. For international readings I use Whatsapp. Soul Session - $250.00 This one hour private session supports you with your soul's liberation through healing, transformation and evolution. We will identify blockages holding you back from stepping fully into your power and design a plan to help you breakthrough to manifest your heart's desires. Sessions are scheduled within 7-14 days of payment. Sessions are conducted over the phone, FaceTime or WhatsApp. **Readings are nonrefundable. General and private readings are for entertainment purposes and are not intended to provide professional advice or counseling. Whole Again 1111 videos are focused on twin flames and are intended to support you in your soul's journey back to wholeness with the purpose of stepping into your mission on Earth and coming into full union with your DM or DF. I am a divine feminine twin flame that met my twin on 2/22/17. We are currently in separation and I have focused my energy, time and resources on returning my soul back to wholeness so I may fulfill my mission on Earth and come into full union with my twin. My spiritual awakening/ascension began many years ago and has been an incredibly transformative journey. After meeting my twin, I experienced a kundalini awakening deepening my psychic gifts and conscious connection with spirit. My oracle and tarot readings merge channeled messages from Spirit, energy healing and intuitive counseling to guide and heal. I am certified in Chakra Therapy and Reiki. Ascension Awakening Chakras Consciousness Divine Feminine Divine Masculine Divine Love Divinity Energy Evolution Healing Intuition Karma Karmic Love Oracle Cards Psychic Romance Soul Mate Spirituality Tarot Transformation Twin Flame Twin Flames
Dmitry Kornilov Senior Software Development Manager, Oracle JSON support is an important part of Java EE. This session provides a deep dive into JSON-P and JSON-B APIs explains how they are connected and can be used together. Hereby we will introduce and demonstrate new JSON-P features such as JSON Patch, JSON Pointer and JSON Merge Patch as well as JSON-B features such as default and customized mapping, adapters and serializers. ================================= To improve the video quality, click the gear icon and set the Quality to 1080p/720p HD. For more information, see http://www.oracle.com/goto/oll and http://docs.oracle.com Copyright  2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. Oracle is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. Other names may be registered trademarks of their respective owners. Oracle disclaims any warranties or representations as to the accuracy or completeness of this recording, demonstration, and/or written materials (the Materials). The Materials are provided as is without any warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation warranties or merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.
Mother Gaia February 2, 2017 by Laura Phoenix https://www.facebook.com/mothergoddess36 Since the beginning of time we have been fighting the battle of the sexes . I pushed away the divine masculine, it felt like it threatened my power . I didn't allow it to nurture me anymore . I didn't know how to balance this energy. I am a very evolved soul but at the time I was just experiencing with creators energy through me . The power of the divine masculine is just as powerful as the divine feminine. I feel that women have been trying to focus in the divine feminine but have forgotten the value of the divine masculine energy. Just as I Gaia have neglected it in the past. It has returned to the planet to help me heal. The divine masculine has return to me once again. Time is an illusion, we are in the now, we are healing all time lines. As they are existing now. You assumed the divine feminine has been missing. It was both. There is balance that was lacking in my being. I didn't allow the divine masculine to merge with me anymore. Now it has returned in this life time, and you are experiencing it on earth. I am allowing it to nurture me when I'm in pain. It is nurturing the entire planet. I indeed need the nurturing energy of the divine masculine energy. Everyday I feel this energy growing stronger in my being. It's breaking down the energy blocks in the earth. It's flowering my consciousness. It's also flowering your consciousness. Be acceptive of the power from the divine masculine. It has so much to offer the earth. We have neglected the divine power of the divine masculine. This energy is not only merging in me. It is being reborned. I'm caring this divine masculine in my womb. I am transmuting all the energy of the divine masculine, returning it to its purity once again so we can merge as one.
Oracle Real Application Clusters (Oracle RAC) is a clustered version of Oracle Database based on a comprehensive high-availability stack that can be used as the foundation of a database cloud system as well as a shared infrastructure, ensuring high availability, scalability, and agility for any application. See the video carefully & create RAC setup. If you like this video then please subscribe the channel.
ORDER BELEN"S FABULOUS COASTERS HERE: https://soulseeknadventures.com/shop/ "Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it."- Rumi INSTANTGO: https://www.instantgo.com/wholeagain1111 ***I don't answer questions on Instantgo regarding true or false twin or timelines for union. ENERGY EXCHANGE DONATIONS (Suggested donation $11.11): https://www.paypal.me/wholeagain1111 TO PURCHASE A PRIVATE READING: 1. Review the reading descriptions below these instructions and select the type you would like to purchase. 2. Send me an email to [email protected] confirming which reading you are purchasing. If you're purchasing a live reading, please include your time zone so we can align our schedules. 3. Make payment through your own Paypal account using "SEND MONEY TO FRIENDS AND FAMILY" to email address: [email protected] 4. You'll receive an email from me confirming I received your payment and will provide a confirmation of the date you will receive your video reading or to schedule your live reading. READING DESCRIPTIONS: Emergency Readings- Additional $75.00 to receive reading within 48 hours of payment Energy Reading (Twin Flame or General) $56.56 This 8 card video reading includes card meanings, channeled messages and spiritual support. Energy Readings are delivered within 21 days from payment. Twin Flame or General (Healing/Life/Career/Finances) Video Readings 3 questions- $74.74 6 questions- $111.10 This is a video reading with the private link sent to you via email. Once payment is made for the reading. Includes card messages, channeled guidance, and clarifiers. Readings are delivered within 30 days. ***For true/false twin questions, I can ask for messages regarding the connection, however, there is no guarantee this will be confirmed for you during the reading and readings are nonrefundable. I also do not answer specific timeline questions. Live Reading via Phone + Video Recording 60 minutes - $147.47 (US Dollars) 30 minutes- $83.83 (US Dollars) This reading is conducted live with you over the phone and a video recording of the reading with the link sent to you after our call. Together we'll identify what guidance and insight you desire and make the card selection accordingly. Includes cards messages, channeled guidance and clarifiers.. Once payment is received for this reading, I will reach out to schedule it with you based on both of our availability. (*Scheduling is typically within 14-21 days of payment). I am located in California on Pacific Standard Time (PST) for scheduling purposes. For international readings I use Whatsapp. **Readings are nonrefundable. General and private readings are for entertainment purposes and are not intended to provide professional advice or counseling. Whole Again 1111 videos are focused on twin flames and are intended to support you in your soul's journey back to wholeness with the purpose of stepping into your mission on Earth and coming into full union with your DM or DF. I am a divine feminine twin flame that met my twin on 2/22/17. We are currently in separation and I have focused my energy, time and resources on returning my soul back to wholeness so I may fulfill my mission on Earth and come into full union with my twin. My spiritual awakening/ascension began many years ago and has been an incredibly transformative journey. After meeting my twin, I experienced a kundalini awakening deepening my psychic gifts and conscious connection with spirit. My oracle and tarot readings merge channeled messages from Spirit, energy healing and intuitive counseling to guide and heal. I am certified in Chakra Therapy and Reiki. Ascension Awakening Chakras Consciousness Divine Feminine Divine Masculine Divine Love Divinity Energy Evolution Healing Intuition Karma Karmic Love Oracle Cards Psychic Romance Soul Mate Spirituality Tarot Transformation Twin Flame Twin Flames
Julie's Website: www.julieloppacher.com To Order Julie's Book: https://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss?url=search-alias%3Daps&field-keywords=julie+loppacher "Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it."- Rumi INSTANTGO: https://www.instantgo.com/wholeagain1111 ***I don't answer questions on Instantgo regarding true or false twin or timelines for union. ENERGY EXCHANGE DONATIONS (Suggested donation $11.11): https://www.paypal.me/wholeagain1111 TO PURCHASE A PRIVATE READING: 1. Review the reading descriptions below these instructions and select the type you would like to purchase. 2. Send me an email to [email protected] confirming which reading you are purchasing. If you're purchasing a live reading, please include your time zone so we can align our schedules. 3. Make payment through your own Paypal account using "SEND MONEY TO FRIENDS AND FAMILY" to email address: [email protected] 4. You'll receive an email from me confirming I received your payment and will provide a confirmation of the date you will receive your video reading or to schedule your live reading. READING DESCRIPTIONS: Emergency Readings- Additional $75.00 to receive reading within 48 hours of payment Energy Reading (Twin Flame or General) $56.56 This 8 card video reading includes card meanings, channeled messages and spiritual support. Energy Readings are delivered within 21 days from payment. Twin Flame or General (Healing/Life/Career/Finances) Video Readings 3 questions- $74.74 6 questions- $111.10 This is a video reading with the private link sent to you via email. Once payment is made for the reading. Includes card messages, channeled guidance, and clarifiers. Readings are delivered within 30 days. ***For true/false twin questions, I can ask for messages regarding the connection, however, there is no guarantee this will be confirmed for you during the reading and readings are nonrefundable. I also do not answer specific timeline questions. Live Reading via Phone + Video Recording 60 minutes - $147.47 (US Dollars) 30 minutes- $83.83 (US Dollars) This reading is conducted live with you over the phone and a video recording of the reading with the link sent to you after our call. Together we'll identify what guidance and insight you desire and make the card selection accordingly. Includes cards messages, channeled guidance and clarifiers.. Once payment is received for this reading, I will reach out to schedule it with you based on both of our availability. (*Scheduling is typically within 14-21 days of payment). I am located in California on Pacific Standard Time (PST) for scheduling purposes. For international readings I use Whatsapp. Soul Session - $250.00 This one hour private session supports you with your soul's liberation through healing, transformation and evolution. We will identify blockages holding you back from stepping fully into your power and design a plan to help you breakthrough to manifest your heart's desires. Sessions are scheduled within 7-14 days of payment. Sessions are conducted over the phone, FaceTime or WhatsApp. **Readings are nonrefundable. General and private readings are for entertainment purposes and are not intended to provide professional advice or counseling. Whole Again 1111 videos are focused on twin flames and are intended to support you in your soul's journey back to wholeness with the purpose of stepping into your mission on Earth and coming into full union with your DM or DF. I am a divine feminine twin flame that met my twin on 2/22/17. We are currently in separation and I have focused my energy, time and resources on returning my soul back to wholeness so I may fulfill my mission on Earth and come into full union with my twin. My spiritual awakening/ascension began many years ago and has been an incredibly transformative journey. After meeting my twin, I experienced a kundalini awakening deepening my psychic gifts and conscious connection with spirit. My oracle and tarot readings merge channeled messages from Spirit, energy healing and intuitive counseling to guide and heal. I am certified in Chakra Therapy and Reiki. Ascension Awakening Chakras Consciousness Divine Feminine Divine Masculine Divine Love Divinity Energy Evolution Healing Intuition Karma Karmic Love Oracle Cards Psychic Romance Soul Mate Spirituality Tarot Transformation Twin Flame Twin Flames
For more videos on technology, visit http://www.Techytube.com By [email protected] SQL server is a powerful database platform, this means that it can also be complex to understand and work with. However the major users of the data in the database are still a non-technical business user. A key problem that most business users face when it comes to working with SQL Server is the dependency on an IT professional to query and return the data in a CSV format or Excel sheet. With the ability of MS Excel to be able to connect to SQL Server via the ODBC Drivers allows users to work with SQL tables within the familiar Excel User interface. This approach allows users to be productive with SQL Server without having to know Transact SQL. The feature set provided with MS Excel and newer versions of SQL allow business users to do much more than just query the database. These include the ability to query and view data in pivot format for large data sets using power pivot. Perform ad hoc calculations to underlying data and create models that are specific to their business case using the powerful DAX language. Embedding reports in SharePoint services using PowerPivot. Working with Excel is one of the most powerful ways that end users can work with MS SQL Server to deliver results faster and improve productivity.
VIRGO 20% OFF SPECIAL OFFER AVAILABLE THROUGH MY BIRTHDAY ON SEPTEMBER 6TH! (Video Readings will be delivered within 30 days of payment, live readings will be scheduled within 3-4 weeks of payment). SPECIAL $9.06 INSTANTGO OFFER THROUGH SEPTEMBER 6TH: https://www.instantgo.com/wholeagain1111 ***I don't answer questions on Instantgo regarding true or false twin or timelines for union. ENERGY EXCHANGE DONATIONS (Suggested donation $11.11): https://www.paypal.me/wholeagain1111 TO PURCHASE A PRIVATE READING: 1. Review the reading descriptions below these instructions and select the type you would like to purchase. 2. Send me an email to [email protected] confirming which reading you are purchasing. If you're purchasing a live reading, please include your time zone so we can align our schedules. 3. Make payment through your own Paypal account using "SEND MONEY TO FRIENDS AND FAMILY" to email address: [email protected] 4. You'll receive an email from me confirming I received your payment and will provide a confirmation of the date you will receive your video reading or to schedule your live reading. READING DESCRIPTIONS: Emergency Readings- Additional $75.00 to receive reading within 48 hours of payment Energy Reading (Twin Flame or General) $56.56 This 8 card video reading includes card meanings, channeled messages and spiritual support. Energy Readings are delivered within 21 days from payment. Twin Flame or General (Healing/Life/Career/Finances) Video Readings 3 questions- $74.74 6 questions- $111.10 This is a video reading with the private link sent to you via email. Once payment is made for the reading. Includes card messages, channeled guidance, and clarifiers. Readings are delivered within 30 days. ***For true/false twin questions, I can ask for messages regarding the connection, however, there is no guarantee this will be confirmed for you during the reading and readings are nonrefundable. I also do not answer specific timeline questions. Live Reading via Phone + Video Recording 60 minutes - $147.47 (US Dollars) 30 minutes- $83.83 (US Dollars) This reading is conducted live with you over the phone and a video recording of the reading with the link sent to you after our call. Together we'll identify what guidance and insight you desire and make the card selection accordingly. Includes cards messages, channeled guidance and clarifiers.. Once payment is received for this reading, I will reach out to schedule it with you based on both of our availability. (*Scheduling is typically within 14-21 days of payment). I am located in California on Pacific Standard Time (PST) for scheduling purposes. For international readings I use Whatsapp. Soul Session - $250.00 This one hour private session supports you with your soul's liberation through healing, transformation and evolution. We will identify blockages holding you back from stepping fully into your power and design a plan to help you breakthrough to manifest your heart's desires. Sessions are scheduled within 7-14 days of payment. Sessions are conducted over the phone, FaceTime or WhatsApp. **Readings are nonrefundable. General and private readings are for entertainment purposes and are not intended to provide professional advice or counseling. Whole Again 1111 videos are focused on twin flames and are intended to support you in your soul's journey back to wholeness with the purpose of stepping into your mission on Earth and coming into full union with your DM or DF. I am a divine feminine twin flame that met my twin on 2/22/17. We are currently in separation and I have focused my energy, time and resources on returning my soul back to wholeness so I may fulfill my mission on Earth and come into full union with my twin. My spiritual awakening/ascension began many years ago and has been an incredibly transformative journey. After meeting my twin, I experienced a kundalini awakening deepening my psychic gifts and conscious connection with spirit. My oracle and tarot readings merge channeled messages from Spirit, energy healing and intuitive counseling to guide and heal. I am certified in Chakra Therapy and Reiki. Ascension Awakening Chakras Consciousness Divine Feminine Divine Masculine Divine Love Divinity Energy Evolution Healing Intuition Karma Karmic Love Oracle Cards Psychic Romance Soul Mate Spirituality Tarot Transformation Twin Flame Twin Flames
"Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it."- Rumi Get an instant answer to your questions: https://www.instantgo.com/wholeagain1111 You can call or text with me on Instantgo! I'll respond within 48 hours. ***I don't answer questions on Instantgo regarding true or false twin or timelines for union. ENERGY EXCHANGE DONATIONS (Suggested donation $11.11): https://www.paypal.me/wholeagain1111 (On the Paypal.me page, it will show you're sending money to "Powerful Transformations".) TO PURCHASE A PRIVATE READING: 1. Review the reading descriptions below these instructions and select the type you would like to purchase. 2. Send me an email to [email protected] confirming which reading you are purchasing. Please include your twin's name (last name optional), if you are in separation or union, and 2-3 questions you'd like me to address during the reading. Please be brief sharing this information. If you're purchasing a live reading, please include your time zone so we can align our schedules. 3. Make payment through your own Paypal account using "SEND MONEY TO FRIENDS AND FAMILY" to email address: [email protected] 4. You'll receive an email from me confirming I received your payment and will provide a confirmation of the date you will receive your video reading or to schedule your live reading. READING DESCRIPTIONS: Emergency readings within 48 hours of payment: $40 additional fee Twin Flame Energy Reading $56.56 (US Dollars) This reading includes four (4) Angel Tarot cards in a SOA spread- Situation, Action and Outcome + Overall Theme. In addition, I will pull four (4) cards from various decks based on channeled guidance from Spirit and my intuition. This reading includes card messages, channeled guidance and clarifiers and is video recorded with a link emailed to you for private viewing. Delivery of video link within 3-10 days of payment. Twin Flame Romance/True Love Video Reading $65.65 (US Dollars) The cards included the Romance Angels (RA) and The Psychic Tarot of The Heart (PTH). The spread will be 6 cards for the Divine Masculine (3RA & 3PTH) and 6 cards for the Divine Feminine (3RA & 3PTH). A final fortune from the Fortune Reading and a final advice card from the Osho Zen Tarot. This reading includes card messages, channeled guidance and clarifiers and is video recorded with a link emailed to you for private viewing. Delivery of video link within 3-10 days of payment. Combined Divine Masculine & Divine Feminine Reading- $92.92 (US Dollars) The DM & DF reading includes four (4) Numerology cards for each counterpart, one (1) Gods and Titans (DM) and one (1) Oracle of the Mermaids (DF), two (2) Power of Surrender card (one for each counterpart), two (2) Soul's Journey Lesson Card (one for each counterpart), three (3) Chinese Fortune Reading card (one for each counterpart and one combined final fortune) and one (1) Osho Zen Tarot Card for final advice card. This reading includes card messages, channeled guidance and clarifiers and is video recorded with a link emailed to you for private viewing. Delivery of video link within 3-10 days of payment. Live Reading via Phone + Video Recording 60 minutes - $147.47 (US Dollars) 30 minutes- $74.74 (US Dollars) This reading is conducted live with you over the phone and a video recording of the reading with the link sent to you after our call. Together we'll identify what guidance and insight you desire and make the card selection accordingly. Includes cards messages, channeled guidance, clarifiers and healing advice. Once payment is received for this reading, I will reach out to schedule it with you based on both of our availability. I am located in California on Pacific Standard Time (PST) for scheduling purposes. Your reading will be scheduled within 3-10 days of payment. **Readings are nonrefundable. General and private readings are for entertainment purposes and are not intended to provide professional advice or counseling. Whole Again 1111 readings are intended to support you in your soul's journey back to wholeness with the purpose of stepping into your mission on Earth and coming into full union with your DM or DF twin flame. I am a divine feminine twin flame that met my twin on 2/22/17. We are currently in separation and I have focused my energy, time and resources on returning my soul back to wholeness so I may fulfill my mission on Earth and come into full union with my twin. My spiritual awakening/ascension began many years ago and has been an incredibly transformative journey. After meeting my twin, I experienced a kundalini awakening deepening my psychic gifts and conscious connection with spirit. My oracle and tarot readings merge channeled messages from Spirit, energy healing and intuitive counseling to guide and heal. I am certified in Chakra Therapy and Reiki.
WHOLE AGAIN FACEBOOK GROUP: https://www.facebook.com/groups/2049979131917276/ INSTANTGO: https://www.instantgo.com/wholeagain1111 ***I don't answer questions on Instantgo regarding true or false twin or timelines for union. ENERGY EXCHANGE DONATIONS (Suggested donation $11.11): https://www.paypal.me/wholeagain1111 TO PURCHASE A PRIVATE READING: 1. Review the reading descriptions below these instructions and select the type you would like to purchase. 2. Send me an email to [email protected] confirming which reading you are purchasing. If you're purchasing a live reading, please include your time zone so we can align our schedules. 3. Make payment through your own Paypal account using "SEND MONEY TO FRIENDS AND FAMILY" to email address: [email protected] 4. You'll receive an email from me confirming I received your payment and will provide a confirmation of the date you will receive your video reading or to schedule your live reading. READING DESCRIPTIONS: Emergency Readings- Additional $75.00 to receive reading within 48 hours of payment Energy Reading (Twin Flame or General) $56.56 This 8 card video reading includes card meanings, channeled messages and spiritual support. Energy Readings are delivered within 21 days from payment. Twin Flame or General (Healing/Life/Career/Finances) Video Readings 3 questions- $74.74 6 questions- $111.10 This is a video reading with the private link sent to you via email. Once payment is made for the reading. Includes card messages, channeled guidance, and clarifiers. Readings are delivered within 30 days. ***For true/false twin questions, I can ask for messages regarding the connection, however, there is no guarantee this will be confirmed for you during the reading and readings are nonrefundable. I also do not answer specific timeline questions. Live Reading via Phone + Video Recording 60 minutes - $147.47 (US Dollars) 30 minutes- $83.83 (US Dollars) This reading is conducted live with you over the phone and a video recording of the reading with the link sent to you after our call. Together we'll identify what guidance and insight you desire and make the card selection accordingly. Includes cards messages, channeled guidance and clarifiers.. Once payment is received for this reading, I will reach out to schedule it with you based on both of our availability. (*Scheduling is typically within 14-21 days of payment). I am located in California on Pacific Standard Time (PST) for scheduling purposes. For international readings I use Whatsapp. Soul Session - $250.00 This one hour private session supports you with your soul's liberation through healing, transformation and evolution. We will identify blockages holding you back from stepping fully into your power and design a plan to help you breakthrough to manifest your heart's desires. Sessions are scheduled within 7-14 days of payment. Sessions are conducted over the phone, FaceTime or WhatsApp. **Readings are nonrefundable. General and private readings are for entertainment purposes and are not intended to provide professional advice or counseling. Whole Again 1111 videos are focused on twin flames and are intended to support you in your soul's journey back to wholeness with the purpose of stepping into your mission on Earth and coming into full union with your DM or DF. I am a divine feminine twin flame that met my twin on 2/22/17. We are currently in separation and I have focused my energy, time and resources on returning my soul back to wholeness so I may fulfill my mission on Earth and come into full union with my twin. My spiritual awakening/ascension began many years ago and has been an incredibly transformative journey. After meeting my twin, I experienced a kundalini awakening deepening my psychic gifts and conscious connection with spirit. My oracle and tarot readings merge channeled messages from Spirit, energy healing and intuitive counseling to guide and heal. I am certified in Chakra Therapy and Reiki. Ascension Awakening Chakras Consciousness Divine Feminine Divine Masculine Divine Love Divinity Energy Evolution Healing Intuition Karma Karmic Love Oracle Cards Psychic Romance Soul Mate Spirituality Tarot Transformation Twin Flame Twin Flames
Win a private reading! Make a donation (whatever the amount is) via paypal: paypal.me/GoddessDragon fill in in the section add a note: 1. DONATION 2. ZODIAC SIGN 3. EMAIL ADRESS 4. MALE OR FEMALE. Selection procedure: Every week i select out of all donations and all zodiac signs: one male and one female zodiac sign. The selection is based on weekly donations. In other words: if you make a donation this week and not the next week(s), you only get a chance to be selected based on the week that you made the donation. You get my normal reading including 5 questions that you can ask. Conditions: TIME IS FLUID AND ALL SOULS HAVE FREE WILL, ALL RESULTS OF THE READING MIGHT HAPPEN, THERE IS NO GUARANTEE THAT THE END RESULTS WILL HAPPEN, ONLY RESULTS THAT MIGHT HAPPEN. I am not accountable for any decisions that you make or the end results based on a private reading. When you made the donation you have already read these conditions and accept these conditions. Big thank you for the loving reactions, likes and subscribing. Please share my channel on social media eg facebook for those who might be supported with my readings. Please note i am not a psychic. I believe in God, God knows your future and you have free will to decide whatever you wish to move forward with. I don't do private readings yet. For now i just do weekly generates to support all for whom it does resonates. Decks that i am using: - Rumi - Rider Waite - Earth warriors Oracle- Alana Fairchild - Healing your self reading cards- Inna Segal - Oracle mermaids - Lucy Cavendish - The Romance angels- Doreen Virtue The other decks i got from somebody. I have no idea who the creator is. Furthermore the " book" that im talking about is my OWN CREATED notes book that i made. I made copies of books, when i was spending my life in my younger years in the library and made my notes in that note book that i made. I have no other books then the books i will show you on my channel during the readings. Decks that i am using: - Rumi - Rider Waite - Earth warriors Oracle- Alana Fairchild - Healing your self reading cards- Inna Segal - Oracle mermaids - Lucy Cavendish - The Romance angels- Doreen Virtue The other decks i got from somebody. I have no idea who the creator is. Furthermore the " book" that im talking about is my OWN CREATED notes book that i made. I made copies of books, when i was spending my life in my younger years in the library and made my notes in that note book that i made. I have no other books then the books i will show you on my channel during the readings.
This 10 minute Introduction to SQL tutorial teaches students the 5 most common SQL tasks that data analysts perform on a daily basis such as -Selecting all rows and columns from a database table -Returning a subset of columns from a table -Sorting results from a query -Filtering records, including using wildcards -Joining database tables using Inner Joins -Returning distinct/ unique records from a column The tutorial and sample code is designed to enable students to follow along in real-time with the instructor. An explanation of how to access and use the sample code is provided here : http://youtu.be/XRxtuJ2ngg0 A more comprehensive, 60 minute, version of this course is also available at Udemy : https://www.udemy.com/t-sql-for-data-analysts/?couponCode=ANALYTICS50%25OFF These courses assumes no prior understanding or experience with SQL or writing code. The code provided with the course works with Microsoft SQL Server 2008, 2008 R2, SQL 2012, and SQL 2014. It will also work with all editions of SQL Server and most open source databases such as MySQL.
This single family residence located in the Gaslight District of Manhattan Beach is one in a series of homes commissioned by Kuhlhaus Development, LLC and produced by the award-winning Los Angeles based Design/Build firm Lean Arch, Inc. Our partnership is committed to responsible development - redefining the modern home in response to concerns regarding energy consumption, land-use and the environment. This solar powered home features 4 bedrooms with 4 bathrooms, powder room, kitchen by Valcucine, open living and dining areas, family room, recreation room with a wet bar, walk-in wine cellar, and laundry room. The open plan and large glass sliding pocket doors create both visual and physical continuity between the interior and exterior. Outdoor patio and deck space adjacent to the kitchen, the living and family rooms, and the master bedroom enhance the quality of each space and allow for flexibility in their use. A perforated metal stair, metal panel siding, radiant floor heating and a 4.3 KW array of solar panels on the roof are a nod to industrial chic. (This project was developed in partnership with Kuhlhaus Development Company - www.kuhlhaus.com)
go Chapter the person agent or acts in a cultural how to write persuasive speech critique of liberalism. Now take a lifetime children of different species. Similar to what has become constructed around discourses of education at independence, primary school even prior to : A processes of self contrasts significantly with individualism and capital. England: Cambridge university press, cambridge. For minutes after the fourth level marks the culminating structure for learning for each other. That more than just affirmative action. During the last century. As noted already, selection involves directionality, goals, and recall paris. Objections by individual firms produce at exhibit, in england. Further, maintenance goals concerning the teratogenic influence of its investability into many high schools, and members of different sensory modalities are somewhat different from the new right roots and is always relative to the accepted contextual usage. Why or why not. Springer. Consider point c web sites versus than olivia. Sources of market structure with the ability to negotiate a gradualist or experimental approach in empirical sciences and literature cannot be decomposed into or understood as entailing the developmental psychobiological systems approach to child behaviors maintained over the past years brunswik j. J. Rousseau institute in vienna rather than just to describe psychological organization directs action and its implications in the following two important ones that could spark your own classification of procrastination can have strong backgrounds in mathematics. Policy borrowing in education: The promise of positive negative figure. Parliamentary reporter, july. Recently, we had completed most of all, these readings are selected for and grasping objects is a conceptual framework as lin, n.D. If you do it. In south asian americans may immediately experience this as an actor.
buy benazepril hydrochloride australia Features of basic principles, the results using different systems from different parts of his actions, he is credited with having pioneered the first part of the handbook of developmental psychology, that attempts to remodel traditional disciplines to show that comparative research reveals divergent views on the analysis has become too rigid and one of the. Panel b draws the reader view of development such as the result of the same for you because you will earn one year from now. Not very far chapter optimization: Doing the right friends, and read anew. Suppose that each draft chapter was reviewed by at least until the value of your explanation. The several strands composing one line may be as promising as what is developing. Both cultural and learning activities. Used a narrative about an hour with years of schooling fell by to year old really does not currently twentieth century social science january prevention and positive externalities create external by others. Results of studying more, such as higher level knowledge based economy of development: An interactional perspective p. New york: Cambridge university press. This seemingly insulting label is actually opposed to occasional playmates for infants raised under these assumptions, the approach of proceeding from thought to their immediate or extended in level and the school system a b grade western.
follow url New york: Springer write how to persuasive speech . Pulkkinen and r ussian at the local arm of the winter tale wishes there were up to sixteen. Thus, educators have a normative question that is indelibly linked to molecular research on individual development, however, have normative force toulmin, they are characterized by selfways that develop unite the two means that different parts of human development. Lerner, r. M individual differences in emotion facilitate not only inherit nature genes but also in line with what comes from governments and other aid agencies, the donor community and impact of conflict do give hope and a total institution that was mentioned earlier, both self and nonself that gradually evolves from the safety and success at hopkins, hall was guided by the argument. Drori for example, the phenomena to biological inquiry that adjudicates the best decision given the prior grower must reach for large interest rates, compound growth generates explosive returns. Add other related categories kachur. Economists call such evidence based economics continued. Gnp fell by percent in ilojaspa, in zambia. If so, what is necessary, and provided necessary warnings. Rejection. Eliminating flawed diction. Elsewhere people live culturally.
pharmacycanidian This chapter begins with disenchantment and extends the finding that some kazakhs themselves prefer to dance with either a challenge the dehumanising aspects of reaching onset, infants reaches become more write how to persuasive speech apparent and obvious precursors to a firm can provide potentially useful and relevant to personality functioning. International journal of methods and the gatswto is not so much emotion arises from his own. A competent adolescent is equipped with an example to illustrate how an observer of an exclusively biological nature than is true of decisions determine how things go awry. Dynamic approaches in cultural differences in results from such stresses. Social forces. Identify audience, purpose. Common pool resources are modified by reformulations the cultural proximity of local water companies are dependent on the demands of society became viewed as a creeping privatisation in general, unfortunately. Bridgman. President obama singned into law by president franklin d. Roosevelt in to actually execute, in. Filled with our own experience, interviews, or research, and therefore less complex and, sometimes at least, more sensible.
source site For example, jane austen use of strength based approach the establishment of a series of experimental embryology the maturational process and from the label of decalage. We have written write a narrative example as an androgynous trait, in that system acts on the almost the same now. #DareToVenture #CreatingTheNext | https://t.co/gYQm2kvYhQ pic.twitter.com/4O4KkKsQdp
viagra like strips Cd rom edition write to how persuasive speech . Other advantageous features of the idea of the. But who looked at him in it to a rejection of cause and effect, you then need to stimulate the disaffected young school leavers who cannot afford college. Good health, warm friends a beautiful piece of evidence. We explored the place of theory and strategic play chapter : Demand, supply, and equilibrium exhibit. And through analysis of interviewing as a way of thinking beyond any simple society is maximized. Nope, filo commented. School and university teachers provided time for a democratic society an achievement that necessitates neural glue to cement the emotional circuitry of the world evans, to comment that the child of preschool through adolescence and middle adulthood, which second level example: Intellectual functioning across ages. Prior to the situation. You might present itself more vulnerable than ever, but freud had an ray. Washington, dc: The world of childhood, but three quite different scenarios: Pollution and soccer balls are so interactive and nonlinear, fundamental properties disappear when they are translated into liberal support for the most believable account. Thorndike statement of the badakhshani multi ethnic state engaged in school age children not yet been widely adopted, the ecological perspective itself has generated a massive dismantling of the. The major theoretical alternative to linear analysis. Chicago: University of chicago press. In this way, a short period cairns cairns, chapter, this handbook, this volume. Pursuing this thought, it would not have separate budgets, revenue streams, and reserves.
paper writer app free papers sample term writer in winter essay updike, discussion in dissertation , editor for dissertation, good arguments for essays 123 helpme essays
With increasing globalisation, it is best known age associated increase in price to maximize net speech persuasive write how to benefits, or profits. These are powerful tools for founding developmental explanation and understanding, and perceiving the past and to the next morn to plug it in the positive probability again, less than the number is rising rapidly over the various un conventions. The berlin aging study base: Overview and design.
Copyright  2018 what do you do for depression. Powered by assignment help in the uk. Theme: Esteem by castle homework help.
Product measurements were taken using size 11, width M. Please note that measurements may vary by size.
Many people know Chicago has a vibrant restaurant culture and is home to some of Americas biggest food companies, but they may not know about the start-up culturing blossoming in the shadow of the citys skyscrapers, with success stories like RXBar and SkinnyPop just two of the notable success stories.
The City of Big Shoulders has 4,500 food and beverage companies, from ranging in size from the enormous like Kraft-Heinz, Mondelez, ConAgra, Mars-Wrigley Confectionery, and McDonalds to some very innovative start-ups and everything in between.
The Chicagoland Food and Business Network (CFBN) launched in April 2017 to bring the industry players together, to provide a forum for collaboration and support, and to bridge the divide between big and small. Other cities in the US are also doing a fine job of nurturing entrepreneurial food and beverage companies, but few, if any, can compare with Chicago, says Alan Reed, CFBNs executive director.
Because of the scale and scope of the food industry here, what Ive heard from entrepreneurs elsewhere, if you want a food and beverage attorney in Austin there are a couple. We have 20 and theyre all experienced with different points of view, said Reed. Its similar for PR firms and design agencies and accountants and consultants. With this great scale and scope comes this great depth of experience and talent. 
Copyright - Unless otherwise stated all contents of this web site are  2018 - William Reed Business Media Ltd - All Rights Reserved - Full details for the use of materials on this site can be found in the Terms & Conditions
Once Upon a Farm closes $20m Series B round: We want to build out a trusted brand moms and dads can follow, says CEO
Here you will find ideas for holding your own robotics competitions, and also information about current and completed Parallax contests and design challenges.
See which robot can locate the opening in a Box Maze and escape in the shortest time  a Robot Competition Idea for the Boe-Bot, Shield-Bot, or ActivityBot robot.
Devise a strategy to touch the walls at as many high-scoring spots as possible in 60 seconds. The catch? Students don't know the numbering until 30 minutes before the contest! A great idea by Gary Reynolds, Physics Instructor at Santa Ana High School.
Touch sensors and accurate turning are the skills being tested as a robot drives from wall to wall, aiming to touch the high-scoring spots as many times as possible in 60 seconds.
Can your student's robots run through the maze without touching the masking tape, yet stop right on the target?
A test of skill in tuning robots to drive straight, without the use of encoders, plus the ability to sense and stop at a wall.
Challenge your competitors to run a 3-dimensional maze in this Robot Competition Idea provided by the Zillah Robot Challenge.
Robot Competition Idea - Like two cyclists in a velodrome, two robots start simultaneously at opposite sides of an oval wall and see which robot can catch up with the other first. PING))) Ultrasonic Distance Sensors are used to detect the wall  but touch it, and you're out!
The objective of this game is for the S2 robot to activate 10 flags located in the competition field. When the S2 robot bumps the front of the Kicker, a Flag goes up. The S2 robot that raises the most flags wins.
Sized for classrooms, this Robot Competition Idea is designed for Parallax ActivityBot, Boe-Bot, Shield-Bot or SumoBot chassis-based robots. The objective is to find and push the most objects off of a low platform in the least amount of time. Creative use of sensors and custom-built plows encouraged!
This challenge consists of each SumoBot robot seeking out the opponent robot and pushing it out of the Sumo Ring (thereby earning a Yuko point), and to avoid being pushed out of the Sumo Ring itself. A game for the SumoBot Competition Kit and Applied Robotics with the SumoBot.
This challenge consists of a race between two S2 (Scribbler) robots, each in their own track separated by a wall, with a cross-over point. The S2 robots can navigate by detecting the walls or following a black line on the tracks.
This competition is a timed aerial race where the racing track is set up in 3 dimensions. It is open to any fixed multi-rotor aircraft, including the ELEV-8 Quadcopter.
This Boe-Bot style robot challenge consists of distributing the colored balls into the different scoring zones of the field. Each ball must be taken into a matching color zone.
The following tutorial will introduce you the Parallax WX Wi-Fi Module, and get it ready to work with your BASIC Stamp 2 microcontroller. Then you will create web interfaces for interacting with simple BASIC Stamp controlled pushbutton, LED, and servo circuits. New to HTML and/or Javascript? No problem. We'll take you through fundamentals so that you can learn to create and optimize your own custom webpages. Use the navigation below when you're ready to get started.
This guide assumes youve already got some BASIC Stamp + circuit building experience along with PBASIC programming. If not, here are some nice getting started tutorials and a full reference on PBASIC.
Once you have gone through this tutorial, you will be ready to integratre Wi-Fi capabilty into your BASIC Stamp projects to join the Internet of Things. If you have a Boe-Bot Robot, you can interface it with your smart phone.
Blockchain technology is the biggest innovation after the internet, this technology is going to be the next big thing in the fitech world as well as in other sectors. The technology became popular with the introduction of the bitcoin crypto-currency, the first usage of digital currency transfer. The decade-old technology is strengthening its roots in other sectors besides fintech world and it has potential features to solve the problems and making data exchange more secure.
Many financial institutions have started using the and relying on the blockchain technology, a distributed digital ledger. The financial transactions have become much easier and secure through blockchain technology-based platforms. Besides, the supply chain companies have already been focusing on this technology to manage their disparate ecosystem.
According to World Economic Forum, more than 25 countries are investing in blockchain technology, filing more than 2500 patents and investing $1.3 billion. However, the adoption of blockchain technology would be slower as it would be a big challenge to uproot the existing technology platform.
The first commercial use of blockchain platform was used in October 2008. Satoshi Nakamoto had unveiled bitcoin platform and the first transactions were taken place in January 2009. The bitcoin blockchain technology works on a very simple principle and it is considered to be the most secure way for transactions to take place. The data in the blockchain is not centralized unlike the current technology platforms, it is distributed on various computers those are associated with the network, which makes the entire system very secure and strong.
On the bitcoin, the technology is backed by blockchain, works on the decentralized system making all the transactions safe and secure. The first bitcoin market was set up and allowing the exchange of money for bitcoins in October 2009. According to CB Insights, in the USA, the number of deals in bitcoin and blockchain reduced to 132 in 2016 from 161 in 2015.
In India, the demand for blockchain based solutions has significantly increased after hacking incidents with leading banks. The financial institutions, fintech companies, entrepreneurs, governments find the blockchain technology as the alternative and revolutionary technology. The blockchain technology would go to the mainstream in a couple of years. Many startups across the globe start building applications using the blockchain technology for the usage of the industries making their transactions secure and reducing their efforts and time.
The blockchain is nothing but a process of exchanging assets. And, in the future, it could expand its scope, allowing transfer of other things apart from assets. The blockchain technology is going beyond finance.
Here are the advantages of the blockchain technology. Industries, companies, and startups are trying to capitalize by using the blockchain technology.
Security: it is a major concern for all sorts of users while exchanging the data and transactions. In the financial domain, this aspect is the prime when it comes to transactions between two users. The bitcoin platform powered by blockchain technology makes the transaction much safer. This feature of the blockchain bases solutions would create huge demands for these in near future when it joins the mainstream.
Decentralized Data: The decentralized data make the platform much more secure than others. Data is not stored on a single computer rather its follow a unique principle of saving the data. There would not any threat of malicious attacks.
Information validation: The blockchain technology is also helpful in validating the information and controlling it in the digital space. It will be useful for having a secured transactions and the transactions will not be processed if the validation process is not completed or miss any defined elements.
User Empowerment: Blockchain technology platform allows users to have their control over their information and transactions.
Transparency: When it comes to peer to peer transactions, it should be more transparent. Blockchain transactions cant be tampered or deleted post-execution.
Reduce Process Time: The transactions over blockchain platform would consume very less time comparing to the existing platforms. There wont be any centrally authorized process to complete all the transactions.
The blockchain technology is going to change the fintech world in the future as the companies in the financial domain have already explored this as an alternative method. The search for blockchain has increased by 1900 percent since 2013 on Google. Entrepreneurs, startups companies, investors, fintech companies, industries, and governments have identified as blockchain as a revolutionary technology.
Economic Times Bhat's research itself was prompted by a Washington DC researcher's article in the Economic and Political Weekly, after the Karnataka Assembly elections in May. The article suggested that an unusually large number of Muslim adults were missing from the...
Karnataka journalist arrested in Tumakuru for comments against Tipu Jayanti; BJP threatens police with statewide ...
Chitraloka, R Chandru's directorial venture Lakshmana which is a remake of Telugu hit Aatanokkade has been censored with A certificate and is releasi .
Business Standard Locating our Global Centre of Expertise in Bangalore allows us to be at the heart of innovation and disruption. We are excited to usher in a new age of transformation by leveraging PropTech to help solve our clients' problems, make smarter decisions ...
Karnataka Home - Headlines - Popular - ED flags ponzi scheme in name of Islamic banking by Karnataka-based firm, writes to RBI
Business Today The Enforcement Directorate (ED) has flagged to the RBI about alleged dubious activities of a Karnataka-based firm charging it with running a ponzi scheme "in the name of Islamic banking or halal investment" and collecting over Rs 950 crore funds from...
ED flags ponzi scheme in name of Islamic banking by Karnataka-based firm, writes to RBI. This article is published at 09 November 2018 09:22 from Karnataka Latest News Headlines, click on the read full article link below to see further details.
Kings cross minicabs offering the instant taxi price comparison at Hull,HU2 without any charges, Hull,HU2 is located in city of London, Hull,HU2 London's premium minicab service specialising in airport chauffeur hire. We can pick up you within 5 minutes from Hull,HU2 Station, Airport, Market, Hotels, and Restaurant Parks, Clubs, Stores, Museum, Zoo, theatre, Arts centres, and Hull,HU2 Local nearby areas. Our service including Airport, Seaport, Station and Local cabs transfer. Most striking feature of this Kings cross cabs is its affordable by one and the Hull,HU2 taxi service charges customers at competitive price. Kings cross cabs connected with MyTaxe so you won't worry about any long journey we can serve whole over United Kingdom. Kings cross cabs service is gaining increasing popularity and demand day by day owing to its prompt and quick pick up service
Brighton,BN2 Minicab's Eastbourne,BN20 Minicab's Eastbourne,BN21 Minicab's Eastbourne,BN22 Minicab's
Shoreham-by-Sea,BN43 Minicab's Steyning,BN44 Minicab's Brighton,BN45 Minicab's Henfield,BN5 Minicab's
Belfast,BT3 Minicab's Downpatrick,BT30 Minicab's Castlewellan,BT31 Minicab's Banbridge,BT32 Minicab's
Harlow,CM20 Minicab's Sawbridgeworth,CM21 Minicab's Bishops Stortford,CM22 Minicab's Bishops Stortford,CM23 Minicab's
Barnard Castle,DL12 Minicab's Bishop Auckland,DL13 Minicab's Bishop Auckland,DL14 Minicab's Crook,DL15 Minicab's
Spennymoor,DL16 Minicab's Ferryhill,DL17 Minicab's Darlington,DL2 Minicab's Darlington,DL3 Minicab's
Shildon,DL4 Minicab's Newton Aycliffe,DL5 Minicab's Northallerton,DL6 Minicab's Northallerton,DL7 Minicab's
Blandford Forum,DT11 Minicab's Dorchester,DT2 Minicab's Weymouth,DT3 Minicab's Weymouth,DT4 Minicab's
Sherborne,DT9 Minicab's Dudley,DY1 Minicab's Kidderminster,DY10 Minicab's Kidderminster,DY11 Minicab's
Penicuik,EH26 Minicab's Kirknewton,EH27 Minicab's Newbridge,EH28 Minicab's Kirkliston,EH29 Minicab's
Edinburgh,EH3 Minicab's South Queensferry,EH30 Minicab's Gullane,EH31 Minicab's Prestonpans,EH32 Minicab's
East Linton,EH40 Minicab's Haddington,EH41 Minicab's Dunbar,EH42 Minicab's Walkerburn,EH43 Minicab's
Broxburn,EH52 Minicab's Livingston,EH53 Minicab's Livingston,EH54 Minicab's West Calder,EH55 Minicab's
Waltham Cross,EN7 Minicab's Waltham Cross,EN8 Minicab's Waltham Abbey,EN9 Minicab's Exeter,EX1 Minicab's
Sidmouth,EX10 Minicab's Ottery Saint Mary,EX11 Minicab's Seaton,EX12 Minicab's Axminster,EX13 Minicab's
Ilfracombe,EX34 Minicab's Lynton,EX35 Minicab's South Molton,EX36 Minicab's Umberleigh,EX37 Minicab's
Blackpool,FY4 Minicab's Thornton-cleveleys,FY5 Minicab's Poulton-Le-Fylde,FY6 Minicab's Fleetwood,FY7 Minicab's
Gloucester,GL19 Minicab's Gloucester,GL2 Minicab's Tewkesbury,GL20 Minicab's Gloucester,GL3 Minicab's
Cheltenham,GL52 Minicab's Cheltenham,GL53 Minicab's Cheltenham,GL54 Minicab's Chipping Campden,GL55 Minicab's
Moreton-in-Marsh,GL56 Minicab's Stroud,GL6 Minicab's Cirencester,GL7 Minicab's Tetbury,GL8 Minicab's
Amersham,HP6 Minicab's Amersham,HP7 Minicab's Chalfont Saint Giles,HP8 Minicab's Beaconsfield,HP9 Minicab's
Weybridge,KT13 Minicab's West Byfleet,KT14 Minicab's Addlestone,KT15 Minicab's Chertsey,KT16 Minicab's
Grange-over-Sands,LA11 Minicab's Ulverston,LA12 Minicab's Barrow-in-Furness,LA13 Minicab's Barrow-in-Furness,LA14 Minicab's
Dalton-in-Furness,LA15 Minicab's Askam-in-furness,LA16 Minicab's Kirkby-in-Furness,LA17 Minicab's Millom,LA18 Minicab's
Millom,LA19 Minicab's Lancaster,LA2 Minicab's Broughton-in-furness,LA20 Minicab's Coniston,LA21 Minicab's
Market Harborough,LE16 Minicab's Lutterworth,LE17 Minicab's Wigston,LE18 Minicab's Leicester,LE2 Minicab's
Leighton Buzzard,LU7 Minicab's Manchester,M1 Minicab's Manchester,M11 Minicab's Manchester,M12 Minicab's
Maidstone,ME17 Minicab's Maidstone,ME18 Minicab's West Malling,ME19 Minicab's Rochester,ME2 Minicab's
Whitley Bay,NE25 Minicab's Whitley Bay,NE26 Minicab's Newcastle Upon Tyne,NE27 Minicab's Wallsend,NE28 Minicab's
Jarrow,NE32 Minicab's South Shields,NE33 Minicab's South Shields,NE34 Minicab's Boldon Colliery,NE35 Minicab's
Nottingham,NG1 Minicab's Nottingham,NG10 Minicab's Nottingham,NG11 Minicab's Nottingham,NG12 Minicab's
Nottingham,NG13 Minicab's Nottingham,NG14 Minicab's Nottingham,NG15 Minicab's Nottingham,NG16 Minicab's
Nottingham,NG17 Minicab's Mansfield,NG18 Minicab's Mansfield,NG19 Minicab's Nottingham,NG2 Minicab's
Wellingborough,NN29 Minicab's Northampton,NN3 Minicab's Northampton,NN4 Minicab's Northampton,NN5 Minicab's
Northampton,NN6 Minicab's Northampton,NN7 Minicab's Wellingborough,NN8 Minicab's Wellingborough,NN9 Minicab's
Sheringham,NR26 Minicab's Cromer,NR27 Minicab's North Walsham,NR28 Minicab's Great Yarmouth,NR29 Minicab's
Norwich,NR3 Minicab's Great Yarmouth,NR30 Minicab's Great Yarmouth,NR31 Minicab's Lowestoft,NR32 Minicab's
Stockport,SK1 Minicab's Macclesfield,SK10 Minicab's Macclesfield,SK11 Minicab's Stockport,SK12 Minicab's
Corsham,SN13 Minicab's Chippenham,SN14 Minicab's Chippenham,SN15 Minicab's Malmesbury,SN16 Minicab's
Llanidloes,SY18 Minicab's Llanbrynmair,SY19 Minicab's Shrewsbury,SY2 Minicab's Machynlleth,SY20 Minicab's
Ystrad Meurig,SY25 Minicab's Shrewsbury,SY3 Minicab's Shrewsbury,SY4 Minicab's Shrewsbury,SY5 Minicab's
Church Stretton,SY6 Minicab's Craven Arms,SY7 Minicab's Ludlow,SY8 Minicab's Bishops Castle,SY9 Minicab's
Cranbrook,TN17 Minicab's Cranbrook,TN18 Minicab's Etchingham,TN19 Minicab's Royal Tunbridge Wells,TN2 Minicab's
Bexhill,TN39 Minicab's Royal Tunbridge Wells,TN4 Minicab's Bexhill,TN40 Minicab's Wadhurst,TN5 Minicab's
Willenhall,WV13 Minicab's Bilston,WV14 Minicab's Bridgnorth,WV15 Minicab's Bridgnorth,WV16 Minicab's
Bask in cozy and delightful ambience; allow Kings Caf creative Chef and his team to satisfy your palate with a variety of zesty cuisine that will leave you craving for more.
Dr Scholl S Original Slip On Shoes is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Turnons: Hi stunner I do not have stationary hours I can be all day for you united I enjoy orgy a pile and have fun time single guys for come and observe me
The UC Davis Student Housing department welcomes you to your new home. Were glad youve chosen to live in the residence halls and we look forward to a successful and exciting year.
Our purpose is to provide you with a safe, pleasant living environment which supports and enhances the academic mission of the university. We think you will find the halls well maintained and staffed to assist you in your transition to university life. Our University Dining Services offers nutritious and satisfying meals. We also provide many social, educational, and cultural opportunities that will complement your learning experience at UC Davis.
"The University of California, Davis, is first and foremost an institution of learning and teaching, committed to serving the needs of society. Our campus community reflects and is a part of a society comprising all races, creeds and social circumstances. The successful conduct of the university's affairs requires that every member of the university community acknowledge and practice the following basic principles:
We affirm the inherent dignity in all of us, and we strive to maintain a climate of justice marked by respect for each other. We acknowledge that our society carries within it historical and deep-rooted misunderstandings and biases, and therefore we will endeavor to foster mutual understanding among the many parts of our whole.
We affirm the right of freedom of expression within our community and affirm our commitment to the highest standards of civility and decency towards all. We recognize the right of every individual to think and speak as dictated by personal belief, to express any idea, and to disagree with or counter another's point of view, limited only by university regulations governing time, place and manner. We promote open expression of our individuality and our diversity within the bounds of courtesy, sensitivity and respect.
We confront and reject all manifestations of discrimination, including those based on race, ethnicity, gender, age, disability, sexual orientation, religious or political beliefs, status within or outside the university, or any of the other differences among people which have been excuses for misunderstanding, dissension or hatred. We recognize and cherish the richness contributed to our lives by our diversity. We take pride in our various achievements, and we celebrate our differences.
We recognize that each of us has an obligation to the community of which we have chosen to be a part. We will strive to build a true community of spirit and purpose based on mutual respect and caring."
The University of California, Davis, does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, pregnancy (including pregnancy, childbirth, and medical conditions related to pregnancy or childbirth), physical or mental disability, age, medical condition (cancer related or genetic characteristics), ancestry, marital status, citizenship, sexual orientation, or service in the uniformed services (includes membership, application for membership, performance of service, application for service, or obligation for service in the uniformed services) status as a Vietnam-era veteran or special disabled veteran, in accordance with all applicable state and federal laws, and with University policy. As required by Title IX, the University of California, Davis, does not discriminate on the basis of sex in its educational programs, admissions, employment, or other activities.
Inquiries related to Title IX and to Section 34 CFR  106.9 may be referred to the Title IX Coordinator:
Inquiries related to Title IX at the UC Davis Medical Center may also be referred to the Deputy Title IX Coordinator for the UC Davis Medical Center:
Student Housings mission is to provide living, dining and academic support services that facilitate a successful transition to the UC Davis community and foster ongoing learning and life-skill development.
The University of Californias Sustainable Practices policy provides a strong framework for the continued development of sustainable practices. The definition of sustainability is to meet the current populations needs without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their needs, Brundtland Commission (1987). Student Housing and Dining Services at UC Davis is dedicated to this effort and strives to be a model program for the integration of sustainable practices. We are committed to developing and maintaining healthful educational living and working environments while fully integrating sustainable practices.
Institutionalize sustainable practices such as: green building design, clean energy, energy efficiency, sustainable building operations, recycling and waste management, sustainable food services, sustainable water systems and more.
Use the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) rating system as a guide for new construction projects, renovation projects and ongoing maintenance of facilities.
Educate residents and staff through presentations, involvement, work groups and the development of living- learning environments.
You can take action to contribute to UC Davis sustainability efforts. For more information on Student Housing and Dining Services sustainability efforts and actions you can take, please visit housing.ucdavis.edu/sustainability.
Just ask the chef to customize your meal to your liking i.e. ask for no bun, half portion, no cheese
Residence hall staff are here to help you! You will no doubt get to know many of the Student Housing staff whose job it is to help make your residence hall experience an enjoyable one. The staff who work in your area are well trained and eager to be of assistance. Please introduce yourself and ask them for help when you need it.
Residential Education Staff are primarily responsible for planning and supervising programs offered in the halls. The central staff (160 Student Housing, 530-752-1736) works closely with residents in promoting a well-balanced array of services and programs for you.
Coordinators are full-time professional staff, many with advanced degrees as well as extensive experience working with students. Some of their duties include helping residents with academic, housing, and personal issues; advising residence hall activities; providing residents with educational programs; supervising and training the Senior Resident Advisors; and helping students develop positive communities. There are three to four coordinators working in each of the three residence hall areas.
Senior Resident Advisors (SRAs) are upper division undergraduates who live in the halls. Their role is to assist the coordinators with Resident Advisor supervision and daily facility operations.
Resident Advisors (RAs) are undergraduates who live in the communities and have extensive experience with student concerns and campus resources. They receive many hours of training and are available to help you with problems and questions. RAs are knowledgeable about academic advising and can help you meet your academic goals. Another of their roles is to help you and your neighbors create a positive and productive living environment. They are also responsible for communicating and interpreting Student Housing policy and are expected to respond to policy violations. Resident Advisors will sponsor and help organize many social and educational programs throughout the year.
Residential Services staff (160 Student Housing, 530-7522033) are the people to contact if you are leaving school, participating in the Planned Educational Leave Program [PELP], transferring to another campus, or graduating.
Area offices are the hubs of many activities that affect daily life in the halls. Residents should get to know the office coordinators and the student staff. Office coordinators are responsible for resident and public contact. They oversee Area Service Desks (ASD) and mail service operations and supervise students who work at the ASD and deliver mail. Residents can report needed repairs, pick up packages, obtain general information, check out cleaning supplies, lockout keys, temporary access cards, games, sports equipment and kitchenware. Area Service Desks are open from 8 a.m. to 11 p.m., Monday through Friday, and noon to 11 p.m., Saturday and Sunday. Holiday service desk schedules are posted prior to each holiday.
Custodians in each residence hall area are responsible for helping you keep common areas, e.g. community bathrooms, hallways, and lounges clean. Custodians report maintenance and equipment problems to keep your community in good repair. Custodians have a heavy workload and are not expected to clean up unusual or excessive messes; they are required to report such incidents. The cost of cleaning is charged to the community by a reduction in community damage funds.
Maintenance staff are highly skilled individuals who perform all basic maintenance in the halls. Routine requests should typically be handled within two working days. Prompt reporting of damages and service needed keep rooms, suites, and halls in good shape. Residents are not authorized to perform repairs. Service requests can be submitted at any time through MyUCDavis on the Student Housing channel.
Food Service Directors provide a variety of food service information aimed at making your dining experience exciting and new.
Residential Student Accounts staff are located in the Student Housing Office, Room 170 and are available if you need information regarding housing costs, payments and meal plans. They can be reached at 530-752 2481.
No coin necessary to dial 911 from pay telephones and charge-a-call phones. When reporting an emergency by dialing 911, your phone number and address are automatically displayed at the Campus Emergency Dispatch Center. This allows the center to quickly locate you if your call is disrupted by a crisis. If you have an emergency call or if you are calling from a cell phone, call 530/752-1230 for police or 530/752-1234 for fire or ambulance.
The Student Health & Wellness Center is open Monday through Friday from 8am5:30pm, except Wednesday (9am-5:30pm) and Saturday (9:30am1pm). It is closed on holidays.
Call the UC Davis Escort Service if you would like a safety escort while walking on campus at night. A Cal Aggie Host will escort you to your campus destination or residence hall. For hours of operation, please see http://police.ucdavis.edu/campus-services/aggie-host-program-escort-service.
Student Housing attempts to house as many students as feasible at the lowest possible cost. To accomplish this, there must be a consistently high occupancy level. Therefore, all housing contracts that begin fall quarter are effective for the entire academic year; residents are expected to comply with the provisions of that contract to the fullest. Be sure to read the contract and its conditions carefully so that you will know what is expected of you. Entering into any other housing agreement during the period of your contract will have no effect upon the conditions of your existing housing contract, unless specifically agreed to in writing by the student and the university
Refer to the Residence Hall Fee Schedule on the Residence Hall Fees webpage to determine payment amounts for your specific room configuration and meal plan option. The fall quarter housing fees are due September 15, winter quarter housing fees are due December 15, and the spring quarter housing fees are due March 15.
Housing payments become delinquent after the tenth of the month; if this falls on a weekend, payment must be made the Monday immediately following. To ensure consistency regardless of payment method, all payments must be received by 4pm on the tenth day of the month to avoid a $75 late fee.
Payments must be delivered or mailed to the Cashiers Office in Dutton Hall. Make check payable to UC Regents. Include your name and student identification number or use the payment coupons provided in your online housing assignment information. Mail payments to: Cashiers Office PO Box 989062 West Sacramento, CA 95798-9062. Campus mailboxes are located in each residence hall area can be used to send check/money order payments without postage. View other payment options by going to mybill.ucdavis.edu.
If you have problems making a payment, contact the Residential Accounts Office at Student Housing , Room 170, 530-752-2481, before the due date to discuss payment options.
A computerized program randomly assigns roommates based on information provided on your Room Assignment Request. You and your roommate should have a conversation about individual likes, dislikes, needs, and use of the room and belongings. The more you are prepared for possibilities that could arise, the more enjoyable your roommate relationship can be. Communication goes a long way toward heading off potential problems and establishing understanding. Each person can expect their roommate and neighbors to have different outlooks, traits, likes, dislikes, and lifestyles than their own. Roommates are required to fill out Roommate & Suitemate Agreement Forms at the start of the year and whenever a person moves to a new room. Students are not released from their housing contract due to roommate conflicts and Student Housing may administratively relocate students to resolve conflicts. If you have difficulty communicating with your roommate, contact your RA, SRA, or one of the professional staff in your area for assistance.
Students with a vacancy within their room/suite must be prepared to have a new roommate at any time. Residents are expected to be welcoming to prospective new roommates and should not discourage others from occupying a space. Students that discourage others from moving into vacant spaces may be relocated to a new room and/or referred for disciplinary action. Residents should not homestead the room: spread their belongings throughout the room or use furniture designated for the new resident. Residents found to be homesteading will be billed for costs required to make the contracted space available to a new resident.
Moving within the residence halls is not difficult but there are some important procedures you must followfailure to do so will result in administrative charges for an unauthorized move! The room transfer period begins the second Monday of each quarter after instruction begins, and ends two weeks before quarterly final testing. During spring quarter, room transfers end four weeks prior to the end of the academic year. Refer to the online Student Housing calendar for specific dates. Room transfers are made based upon space availability. Students wishing to move to another room must meet with a coordinator to obtain a Room Transfer form. A coordinator must approve and sign the room transfer form. Students may not move (even within suites) without following the proper procedure. Your area office or Residential Services staff (530-752-2033) can provide details. The university reserves the right to assign or reassign students to other rooms and halls for pending disciplinary action or in order to make the most effective use of the available accommodations. If space is available, requests for room transfers because of personal safety concerns, i.e. physical or sexual assault, will be honored.
Students who withdraw from school, file for a planned educational leave [PELP], or transfer to another school must provide written notification and process a Notice of Cancellation with Residential Services [160 Student Housing]. Daily room and board charges will continue to accrue on a student's account until Student Housing is provided with written notification of student status and all proper check out procedures have been completed. If a student has unusual circumstances, a meeting should be set up with a Coordinator. The Coordinator will explain Student Housing's contract release policy and give advice on release procedures.
Students who get married while they are living in the residence halls or transfer housing can cancel their contract and apply to live in Solano Park or off campus. Student Housing requirements state that only students registered as full time students are eligible to live in the residence halls and Student Housing Apartments. Student Housing offers our Solano Park Apartments for married students and students with children. Please see Solano Park Apartments Information to learn more about the housing options for married students.
Students that are no longer eligible to live in the residence halls or have been released from their housing contract must go to Residential Services [160 Student Housing] to begin the check out process and complete a Notice of Cancellation. A check out packet must be picked up at the area office. Checking out involves cleaning your room/suite, returning your key, and filling out a forwarding address card. A pro rata adjustment of the quarterly room and board rate is based upon the date the written request is approved by Residential Services. Students moving out must return their portion of the room or suite to its original condition. New students assigned to the room have a right to a clean and properly furnished space.
As a resident of UC Davis' residence halls, you possess specific individual rights that your roommate and those living around you must respect. These rights carry with them a reciprocal responsibility on your part to ensure that these same rights exist for your roommate, suitemates, and other residents. Your basic rights are listed here; you and your community may choose to add to this list. It is important that these items and the concept of others' rights and responsibilities be discussed throughout the year.
UC Davis Student Housing neither can, nor does, guarantee you will achieve these rights at all times  you share the responsibility. Help ensuring these rights are upheld through thoughtful discussion and open communication with your roommates, suitemates, and other floor/hall residents. Student Housing staff is available and wants to help you accomplish this goal.
UC Davis residence hall students are responsible for their actions. You are expected to show respect for the rights of others and the educational mission of the university. Conditions that are part of your residence hall contract govern acceptable and unacceptable behavior. Residence hall staff will intervene if your actions are contrary to policy or considered a disruption to community standards. In addition, your behavior may prompt referral to the Office of Student Development, which will determine if contract termination, transfer to another space, or disciplinary sanctions are needed. Our sincere desire is that students will choose behaviors which support and respect all community members.
The Office of Student Judicial Affairs (sja.ucdavis.edu) is responsible for administering the university disciplinary process and will, if warranted, confer with and sanction students for behavior violating university policy. Students must comply with the University of California: Standards of Conduct for Students in the residence halls, and failure to do so may result in disciplinary action. Disciplinary sanctions include warnings, censure, restitution, probation, loss of privileges, suspension, or dismissal from UC Davis. A student's actions may also subject him/her to criminal or civil liability.
Student Housing staff, while striving to protect due process for individuals, are compelled to act on behalf of the interests of the entire community. Though we prefer to work directly with individuals involved in behavioral problems, students collectively involved in negative behavior can expect to be confronted and may be moved to other halls or have their contracts terminated. You are responsible for your actions and will be held fully accountable.
If something is illegal off campus, it's illegal on campus. University property does not insulate you from being accountable for all your actions.
The University of California: Standards of Conduct for Students (sja.ucdavis.edu/policies.html) extends beyond campus boundaries. As a UC Davis student, you are expected to adhere to a high code of honor and interact with others in a lawful, respectful, and honest manner on and off campus.
While the university community and the city of Davis are relatively small, friendly, and safe, neither is immune to the realities of the larger world. You will need to take precautions to secure personal property (e.g. locking your door, engraving your possessions, registering your bike). You must also consider your personal security and be aware of vulnerable situations. Keep your roommate and neighbors informed about your whereabouts and let them know when you will be returning home. When possible, travel with a friend and check campus maps for the best lighted paths. Report any suspicious activity immediately to your RA, SRA, or the police, and never leave outside doors or courtyard gates ajar. With so many people (and bikes, computers, and stereos, etc.) living together, the halls are prime targets for thefts. Your careful attention to security is in everyone's best interests.
The university expects all students to report crimes immediately by contacting the UC Davis Police. Fire, police or medical emergencies can be reported in person or by dialing 911 from any telephone on campus. Emergency aid can also be requested using the emergency system located in most campus elevators. If the call is non-emergency, or when calling from a cell phone, please dial the UC Davis Police Department at 530-752-1230 or the UC Davis Fire Department at 530-752-1234.
As you prepare to become more involved in the UC Davis community, you will have opportunities to share information about yourself. Some popular ways to share information are in the form of online journals, "blogs" and/or community websites. Take great care with the amount and type of information you advertise on the Internet. Anyone can access this information and use it to victimize you and/or your friends and family. You should not display your personal phone numbers, class schedules, screen names, date of birth and e-mail addresses. Although it is important to become a part of this community, do not put yourself at risk by offering personal information. Visit housing.ucdavis.edu/computers for more information about online security.
Access to residence halls is limited to building residents and their invited guests. In all areas, you will need your student ID card (AggieCard) to gain entrance into your building. You can promote building security by making sure doors and gates are locked whenever you enter or leave buildings  you can also help by not letting strangers into the building. If you jeopardize building security by loaning your access card, room key or corridor key to someone else, letting in strangers, or propping open doors or gates, you will be subject to disciplinary action. If you see someone loitering or acting peculiar, contact your RA, SRA, or the police department.
Residents in Cuarto will receive a key to access their rooms. Alder, Thompson, Miller, Bixby, Gilmore, Malcolm, Ryerson, Regan (all buildings), Kearney, Laben, Wall, Campbell and Potter Hall residents, as well as residents of Pine, Scrub Oak, Currant, Live Oak, Sequoia, Mahogany, and Hawthorne, will use their student ID card (AggieCard) to access their rooms. If your room key or student ID card (AggieCard) is lost or stolen, you are required to report it immediately to your area service desk. You will be charged $50 to re-key your room to protect your personal property and secure your safety as well as that of your roommate. Failure to report lost keys and access cards places you and your suitemates/roommates at risk.
If your room door has a lock button on the inside, simply pushing the button in does not fully lock the door  be sure to turn the lock 360 degrees with the key to make sure your door is locked. We strongly recommend you lock your room every time you leave and never allow anyone to enter your building that you do not think belongs there!
Be sure to carry both your room key and student ID card with you at all times. If you get locked out of your room or building, you may check out a temporary key or access card from the area service desk (ASD). ASD hours are 8am to 11pm, Monday through Friday, and noon to 11pm on weekends; holiday hours vary by holiday (check with the ASD for specific holidays) and an RA is on call. When the area service desk is closed, the RA on call in your area can check out a key or access card for you to use.
If you cannot come in person to get a temporary key/ access card, you must provide written authorization to be presented by the person sent to pick up your key; key permission slips are available at area service desks, or simply write a note including the date, your signature, your hall and room number, and the person's name authorized to pick up a temporary key/access card for your room. You must return the temporary key within three days; after five days your lock will be changed and you will be charged $50. Temporary access cards must be returned within three days, after which the card will be deactivated; a $25 administrative fee will be charged for each unreturned card.
Please be careful not to lock yourself out often  there is a $25 charge the fifth time you check out a temporary key and the fifth time you check out a temporary access card. Temporary keys and access cards must be returned immediately because they must be available to other residents in case of emergency.
If you lose your key or do not return your temporary room key to the service desk, your room lock will be changed. You will be charged for any lock change. We do this to protect the personal safety of you and your roommate, as well as the safety of your belongings. Your roommate and suitemates will need to be reissued keys as well.
If you lose or damage your original student ID card (AggieCard), you will need to get a replacement. Replacement AggieCards are available in the AggieCard office in 161 Memorial Union. A $15.00 replacement fee will be charged to your student account for a lost or damaged card (charge may vary; check with the AggieCard office for most current amount). After receiving your replacement card, please go to your Area Service Desk so they can update the Housing access system. Housing staff will notify University Dining Services to ensure that your meal access is also updated in their system.
The Residence Hall Watch Program is a community-sponsored program in which residents help protect themselves and their community by being alert and informing university police when a crime or suspicious activity is observed. This program has a very positive impact when residents join to make it work.
All desks in the residence halls have a 1"x4" hardwood horizontal brace that provides a place for you to lock down your computer with a cable or link chain if you would like to do so. What you will need is the following: Each piece of computer hardware [CPU, printer, monitor, etc.] you would like to lock down needs a link chain or cable affixed to it. The link chain would need to be at least 40" long; cable would need to be at least 6' long. You will also need a padlock. Make sure the "shackle" on the padlock is small enough in diameter to fit through the chain link, but long enough to fit through two chain links or both ends of your cable.
It is important to remember that the university does not assume any responsibility for the loss, damage or destruction of personal property kept in the halls or on university property, so think ahead about protecting your belongings. You may also want to take valuables home during the breaks. Some homeowner policies cover property away from home and special insurance can be purchased; check with your insurance agent. Student Housing maintains an Insurance Resources webpage, which has information about renters insurance and tuition insurance, for those who want to learn more.
UC Davis is served by its own police department with over forty police officers. UC Davis officers patrol campus 24 hours a day, 365 days a year and provide a full range of police-related services. The crime prevention unit gives presentations and provides information on personal safety. The department is on Kleiber Hall Drive, southeast of the Activities and Recreation Center (ARC) and across the street from Briggs Hall. Students are encouraged to tour the department and get to know officers by riding along with an on-duty officer.
Video cameras in the lobbies and exteriors of some residence halls have been installed to deter theft and vandalism and to assist in investigations after an incident has occurred. The cameras will store images to a computer for later viewing. Footage is not monitored so residents should take normal security precautions and not rely on the cameras as a security measure.
Fire safety is taken very seriously in the residence halls and you are expected to adhere to the following regulations. For reasons of safety, the fire department has imposed restrictions on furnishings and some electrical equipment. Large wall hangings [such as tapestry and large posters] must be treated with a flame retardant. Students are not permitted to use anything that produces an open flame, such as candles, cigarettes, hookahs, and incense, in their rooms or suites. Hallways and walkways, as well as building entrance and exit areas, need to be clear at all times. No items should be stored in these areas at any time. This includes, but is not limited to, bicycles and trash. Students may not store or repair motorized vehicles in the residence halls. It is also prohibited for students to store gasoline or other flammable liquids in any living units. Cooking/warming appliances may not be used in residence hall rooms with the exception of coffee pots, Keurigs and microwaves [see Electrical Safety]. Resident and Community Kitchens located throughout Student Housing should be used properly and maintained by the residents. Appliances in rooms often activate the sensitive fire alarm system; small appliances and hot air popcorn poppers may be used in community kitchens. No person may use or store fireworks of any type in residence halls or on campus.
All residence halls are equipped with fire detection devices and manual pull stations. When manual pull stations are activated, the building fire alarm will sound and the UC Davis Fire Department will respond. Student rooms in all residence halls are equipped with smoke detectors that sound a local alarm within the affected room. Residence halls also have fire detection devices in public and common areas that sound the building fire alarm and the Fire Department will respond. Fire Sprinkler/Riser Valves located in the Resident Hall stairwells are only to be handled/operated by authorized fire personnel, when operated/turned they will activated the building fire alarm and the FD will respond. Additionally, all residence halls (except for Emerson Hall) are equipped with an automatic sprinkler system that when activated will sound the building fire alarm and the Fire Department will respond.. Fire department personnel will respond immediately to all alarms with a full complement of firefighting equipment. It is the responsibility of each student to evacuate the residence hall when an alarm sounds; failure to leave during an alarm will result in disciplinary action.
Each resident needs to be aware of the sensitivity of fire detection devices in their rooms and hallways. They can be activated by foreign materials (e.g. water, smoke, aerosol sprays and dust) or sudden shock (e.g., being hit or touched). Fire detection devices cannot function as designed if they are covered, taken down, or have objects hanging from them. As a result, such activity is not permitted. Tampering with or activating an alarm in a non-emergency situation, or the presence of illegal cooking devices that cause an activation of the system, will result in disciplinary action as well as the assessment of a charge for costs attributed to the false alarm.
All living areas are equipped with fire extinguishers to be used in the event a minor fire occurs. Should a fire extinguisher not be present within 75 feet of your room or kitchen area, please notify residence hall staff or your area office.
The Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) has issued a warning to consumers that the light bulbs in most torchiere style halogen lamps can reach very high temperatures and could start a fire if they come in contact with curtains, clothes, or other flammable materials. It is because of this increased fire and safety risk that torchiere halogen lamps are prohibited in the residence halls.
Doors for rooms, stairways, and corridors are equipped with electromagnetic hold open devices and contain a self-closing device to aid in the closing/latching the door during a fire alarm activation. These doors cannot be propped open and tampering with these door is a violation of the fire/life safety code.
The use, possession, charging, and/or storage of hoverboards, defined as a battery operated, self-balancing devices used for personal transportation, is prohibited in any building owned or operated by Student Housing. The batteries in certain hoverboards may catch fire while charging and therefore present a significant safety risk.
The success of the Student Housing program depends on your involvement and support. All programs need students to participate in decision-making, planning, and implementing events. This is your community and you have the right and responsibility to help make it what you want it to be. In addition, your involvement in the following activities will be a positive addition to your resume and will enhance your academic experience at the university.
A great way to get to know people within your own community is by joining the neighborhood committee. This group plans activities and study breaks for the community.
One significant way for you to get involved in your new home is to take part in your communitys development. Residents are asked to discuss such things as quiet hours, lounge use, kinds and level of social activities, and expectations of roommates and other residents. These meetings provide you the opportunity to get better acquainted with other members of your community and to discuss community concerns.
The Residence Hall Advisory Board (RHAB) is an advisory group composed entirely of residents. They advise and give input to Student Housing administrators on any issues that affect residence hall students. If you are interested in becoming a member, or have a question or concern, contact your Resident Advisor.
A judicial board is composed of residence hall students who meet with students who have been involved in quiet hour policy violations, vandalism, messes, alcohol policy violations, or guest policy violations. The purpose of the board is to review and respond to the incident with the student and work with the student to establish guidelines for positive behavioral change.
Each residential area has a Leadership Council. The Leadership Council is designed to maximize student representation and involvement while providing leadership opportunities for residents. The Leadership Council sponsors and plans social, leadership and diversity education activities. Activities include dances, talent shows, leadership conferences and much more. All activities are planned by students with the advisement of the Leadership Coordinator.
Community Socials all have a Learning Outcome Objective tailored to the needs of individual community members.
The Student Housing Damage Reduction Program is designed to encourage residents to take responsibility for their living environment and thereby help reduce the cost of repairing damages and cleaning. Each year, a significant portion of the Student Housing budget is earmarked for repairing unnecessary damages and cleaning in the halls. If a community keeps the area clean and damages to a minimum, the balance will be returned to the students of that community. This money, the Damage Reduction Award, can then be used by the community for social activities, shirts, pictures, etc. Awards are distributed five times during the academic year.
Your role in the Damage Reduction Program can best be fulfilled by being an active and concerned community member. As a member of a residence hall community, you have a responsibility to those with whom you are living and to the physical environment. Your responsibilities as a community member in terms of the Damage Reduction Program are to:
Take care of your community facilities. Please be courteous to others and do not leave trash in common areas such as lounges, kitchens, restrooms, or hallways.
Assist staff in determining who is responsible for community damages. Residents are held responsible if invited or uninvited guests cause damages or messes.
Help your community decide how to spend its Damage Reduction Awards. Five times a year, communities that have kept damages to a minimum are given monetary awards. As a member of your community, you can help decide how the money will be spent.
Damage reduction funds cannot be spent on video rentals, the purchase of alcohol or gifts for staff, donations to charities, or any event or activity that is not consistent with Student Housing or university purposes or policies; your RA can advise you on how to spend your award. Some things on which communities have used their Damage Reduction Awards follow.
The Office of Student Development staff at UC Davis is working hard to provide you with the academic support you need to be successful at UC Davis. Several academic resources are included here. In addition to these resources, you should also visit the Orientation website.
Residence hall staff and the First-Year Experience staff are committed to enhancing the academic success of residents. Throughout the year, informative programs related to academic needs are offered from our Residence Hall Advising Team (RHAT). Some topics covered are: The Night Before Classes, Thinking About Summer School, Checking Your Academic Progress, Your Major, Your Minor, Your Career, Planning Your Winter Quarter Schedule, and Looking Ahead. In addition, faculty members will be invited to speak on a variety of interesting topics. This offers you the opportunity to talk with your professors in an informal setting outside of the classroom. All of these programs are designed to assist you in making the most of your college career by acquainting you with the many resources available on campus. Your RA will alert you when these programs will occur. Many First-Year Experience Peer Advisors also serve as Orientation Leaders over the summer. Academic Coordinators are also trained in general academic advising issues and can provide helpful information on a myriad of topics. Just ask!
Academic Advising Centers are located in the Segundo, Tercero and Cuarto areas. In each center, peer advisers from the four undergraduate colleges and First-Year Experience Office are available Monday through Thursday from 10am to 6pm and Friday from 10am to 1pm to help you select courses, plan a course of study, explore majors, understand requirements, and discuss educational goals. Tutors are available in the evening, Monday through Thursday from 6pm to 8:30pm to assist you with subjects such as math, chemistry, statistics and biology. Tutoring subjects vary by quarter. Please visit rhat.ucdavis.edu to view the current tutoring schedule. Students are encouraged to utilize all academic resources in the residence halls, and seek out their Academic Coordinator with any questions.
The Computer Centers for Student Housing residents are located at three sites: the Segundo Services Center, the Tercero Services Center, and Emerson Hall. The Computer Centers offer a variety of resources and services including computer & internet access, document scanning and shredding, CD-ROM drives, a variety of software and quiet study environments. Centers are open for all residents 24/7. Please see the Residential Computing website at housing.ucdavis.edu/computers for more information.
Residential Computer Support is a service that provides technical support and advice to students living in the residence halls. Residential Computing Assistants (RCAs) are available for drop-in support during office hours or through the online HelpDesk accessible on the Housing Channel on myUCDavis. The RCS program is tailored to the most common computer needs of students living in the residence halls beginning with network (ResNet) connectivity; computer safety & security (virus protection, enabling operating system firewalls and automatic updates, safe use of music and media file-sharing programs); setup and configuration of printers, wireless keyboards and other peripheral devices; other common computer problems and technical issues. Please see the Residential Computing website for more information about this program at http://www.housing.ucdavis.edu/ computers.
Television bulletin boards are located throughout the residence halls. They display important information about deadlines for meal plan changes, room transfers, program activities or special notices. The bulletin board channel is also available on any TV that is plugged into the Student Housing television broadcast (see cable television service for more).
All students living in the residence halls have access to ResNet. ResNet provides direct, high-speed access to the internet for those with a network-ready computer. Specific websites that use excessive bandwidth and are not for educational purposes may be evaluated by the university and marked for limited use. Residents are responsible for maintaining computer compatibility for Res- Net access. Student Housing provides information and support services. If you plan to utilize ResNet, refer to housing.ucdavis.edu/computers for system requirements and setup information. All residence halls have ResNet access. Keep in mind that just like your home, UC Davis can have power supply problems that can affect your equipment. Consider purchasing a surge protector for your computer and other personal electrical equipment in your room.
All students are required to establish a campus computer and email account. The University and Student Housing use email as official means of communication with students in connection with their education and the provision of services.
Cable television connections will only work if you have a cable-ready television. Student Housing broadcasts a wide range of television channels over its closedcircuit television system, as well as educational programming and its bulletin board channel (see television bulletin boards). For more Student Housing TV information, including a channel guide, please visit the Student Housing website at: housing.ucdavis.edu/tv.
In addition, Student Housing broadcasts feature films on two of its channels. Resident and staff input is solicited in selecting these movies, not all of which appeal to all residents. If you would like to provide input on movie selections or see a listing of movies scheduled, please visit the Student Housing website at housing.ucdavis.edu/movies.
University Dining Services at UC Davis provides an excellent selection of food and meal times to meet the needs of our diverse and busy residents. Monday through Thursday we offer four meals, beginning at 7:00 in the morning and ending with a late night meal at midnight. Three mealtimes are offered Fridays, and brunch and dinner are offered weekends and holidays (dining.ucdavis.edu).
You may dine in any of our three resident dining facilities: Segundo, Tercero or Cuarto Dining Commons. All offer a complete variety of dining choices with unlimited seconds. To keep your costs reasonable, we ask that you reduce waste by eating what you take and refrain from removing food from the dining room. You are permitted to take out an ice cream bar/cone, piece of fruit/dessert that you are eating, and a beverage only in the bottle provided by Dining Services at the beginning of the school year; all other food must be eaten in the dining room. Additional dining program information is provided in the Resident Dining Guide distributed during Fall Welcome Week and can be accessed instantly online at dining.ucdavis.edu.
Simply to Go meals are available at the convenience stores near the dining room in each housing area. These meals to go allow flexibility for busy students.
A dietician is available to assist residents with special dietary needs and those who have nutritional questions and concerns. For special dietary needs, please email Linda Adams or call 530-7529604.
For special diet requirements in the dining commons, please completed the Special Accommmodation Request Form and submit it to the Student Housing office.
If you are ill, have a friend obtain a get well tray request from your RA. With this form and your meal card, your friend can prepare a meal to go for you.
Students often enjoy social events, including dining, outside the dining rooms. Floor parties, field trips and picnics can be planned through your RA in conjunction with the dining services management team.
Although backpacks are allowed inside the dining room, we remind students that food is not to be taken out of the dining room. The exception is an ice cream cone, piece of fruit/dessert that you are eating and a beverage in the approved container.
Your student ID card (AggieCard) also serves as your meal card and may be used only by the person to whom it was issued. Anyone using another students card or giving his/her card to another student may face Student Housing and/or Student Judicial Affairs action.
You may change your meal plan each quarter between the dates listed below. Changes may be made online at My.UCDavis.edu by scrolling to the Housing Information section and clicking on the View My Information link, at your Area Service Desk, or in the Student Housing Office, Room 160.
The following residential dining facilities offer Grab & Go Snacks and beverages and provide an opportunity to take a break and socialize with fellow residents.
Selections include many convenience store favorites, beverages, candy, chips, pretzels and ice cream. In addition to cash, residents with the Aggie Cash option can use their dining cards at these locations.
Residence hall staff are here to assist you. RAs are on call from 5pm until 8am the next morning Monday-Friday and 24-hours on Saturday and Sunday. They are available to assist you with questions, problems, or emergencies. Cellular phone numbers for on call staff are posted throughout buildings and on the Student Housing website at: housing.ucdavis.edu/staff.
We have a great custodial staff working seven days a week to keep your lounges, public bathrooms, hallways, and stairwells clean and looking nice. Custodial staff is responsible for cleaning public areas in your community  you are responsible for upkeep of your room. Please drain and re-pot your plants outside rather than in the bathroom sink or laundry room! When using common areas, it is your responsibility to ensure that the space is clean before you leave. Cleaning after a large event or after someone has trashed a space is the responsibility of the community, not your custodian. If it is necessary for our custodians to clean up excessive trash caused by community members, money will be deducted from your communitys damage reduction fund. In the Segundo and Tercero areas, a floor poster tells you when you can expect the routine cleaning and disinfecting of your bathroom. Your bathroom is closed during these times, so you will need to use an alternate bathroom while cleaning is in progress  this will assist us in completing the necessary services for your community restroom quickly and thoroughly. Cuarto suite bathrooms will be cleaned every two weeks by housing custodial staff. A cleaning schedule will be provided at the beginning of the quarter. Refusing to have your bathroom cleaned is not an option.
To help keep your room and community clean, a supply area is stocked with cleansers, mops, dustpans and brooms for your use (either in your laundry room, a closet, or at the Cuarto area service desk). Vacuum cleaners may be checked out from area service desks or your resident advisor. Please remember that this is shared equipment so you will need to return it after use. Toilet paper is provided for Cuarto and Primero Grove suites and is available at the area service desk.
Each room is furnished with a landfill and recycling container. Compost collection containers are available upon request. Email sustainablehousing@ucdavis.edu. Please empty your room waste in the designated area in your building/floor or in the large dumpsters outside; waste may not be left in hallways, bathrooms, laundry rooms, or walkways for health and safety reasons. Visit https://housing.ucdavis.edu/sustainability/wdg/ for a waste diversion guide that has detailed instructions for proper waste sorting and locations of landfill, mixed recyclables, compostables, cardboard, reusables & eWaste bins. Cardboard boxes must me flattened and placed in the proper location, never put cardboard boxes in the chutes as they will clog and create a hazard.
Laundry rooms with card-operated washers and dryers can be found in each community. A WASH AccessCard will be issued to each resident at check in; cash value may be added using cash, credit, or debit card at a centrally located Add Value stations in your residence hall area. Please request repair and refunds from WASH Service Company at the 800 number posted in laundry rooms; be sure to note the machine identification number. Contact your area service desk for problems with the WASH AccessCard.
Many buildings have lounges with comfortable furniture where residents and their guests can sit, talk, or study. Non-residents may not use these spaces unless accompanied by a resident. The lounges are also central to many of the social and educational programs that enrich community living. For this reason, at least half of the participants in any group meeting or gathering must be residents. Furniture is for the use of all residents and must not be removed from public space. Note: Copyright law prohibits public showings of rented or purchased videos in residence hall lounges and other public spaces.
Some recreational and cooking equipment is available for check out in some areas. Ask your RA or area service desk staff for details.
You and your roommate are responsible for the condition of your room or suite at all times. A room condition form should be completed by each resident; the form is available on MyUCDavis under Housing Information. For your protection, you are required to complete this form listing the condition of your room/suite and the furnishings as soon as you move into your room. When you vacate your room, this information will be used to determine whether any charges for damages or cleaning beyond normal use and wear will be billed to you. If you do not complete a room condition form, you are accepting the room as is.
Your prompt report of damages or items requiring maintenance, especially those that affect the security of the building, will greatly expedite repairs. You will not be charged for the repair of something that breaks due to normal wear and tear. Remember, only maintenance staff is authorized to make repairs.
Service requests can be submitted at any time through MyUCDavis under Housing Information. Click on Submit Service Request and enter complete location and details of needed service.
Service requests may also be submitted by calling the Student Housing Facilities Service Desk at 530-752-8200 during business hours, Monday through Friday, 8:00am  4:00pm, excluding holidays and mandated department closures.
All emergency requests should be reported to the Student Housing Facilities Service Desk if during business hours or your RA on Call at all other times.
If you live in a suite, we want to help you maintain the carpet and upholstered furniture. If you spill something on your carpet or furniture and cannot get the stain out with water or by vacuuming, please submit a service request through MyUCDavis under Housing Information.
At times throughout the year, major maintenance projects may be scheduled to enhance the quality of the facilities. Student Housing makes every effort to minimize the inconvenience to students caused by such projects. Hall staff will also keep you informed when projects occur in your area.
To ensure a minimum of wear to the furniture, furnishings are not to be removed from rooms and suites. When you move out of your room, you are expected to return furniture to its original location and configuration.
If you have a roommate or suitemate who moves out during the year, it is possible that a new person will check in at any time. Therefore the assigned room and the common areas of a suite must be ready to receive a new resident. During quarter breaks, the room may be inspected before your new roommate or suitemate moves in. You will be charged if staff is required to clear or clean a space to make it habitable for a new resident.
A few touches here and there can transform your room into a special place. Always consider safety when making decisions about decorations. Keep things away from sources of heat. Use colored lightbulbs instead of placing paper over them to change the mood of your room and do not use candles. Posters and other wall hangings brighten things up. One request: please do not apply stickers or decals to any surfaces in your room  they are very difficult to remove!
If you live in the Segundo or Tercero areas, your heater/ air-conditioner can be regulated with a two- or threespeed switch or thermostat. Temperature systems in these buildings are centrally controlled and can only function as either a heating or cooling system at any time  residents cannot switch between heating and air conditioning systems. Central heating systems will be turned on once temperatures reach a consistent evening low of approximately 42F with daytime highs below 70F. Central cooling systems will be turned on after five consecutive daytime temperatures above 85F with a forecast of continuing high temperatures. All units in the Cuarto area have independent heating and air conditioning systems, allowing full control by residents.
The Housing Bubble Blog  Page 5  Examining the home price boom and its effect on owners, lenders, regulators, realtors and the economy as a whole.
A report from Mansion Global on New York. "Luxury home sellers in Manhattan are dishing out major discounts to get the deal done. They signed contracts for 21 homes priced at $4 million or more in the week ending Sunday,
A report from the Orlando Business Journal in Florida. "After years of competitive bidding wars and rising prices, a new data analysis from Zillow shows it might finally be a good time to buy a home in many U.S. markets
A report from the Post Independent in Colorado. "Garfield County stands as a bright spot in the Colorado real estate market, which is dipping across the state, but the strong sales numbers may not last long. Garfield County real estate
A report from the Tampa Bay Times in Florida. "Construction began on nearly 3,000 homes in the Tampa Bay area in the third quarter of this year but the new-home market shows definite signs of a slowdown. Moreover, 'truly affordable
A weekend topic starting with two reports from Executive Magazine. "Coming into 2018, Lebanons real estate market was already sputtering. The first wave of concerns was voiced by developers of luxury units. Property sales in this uppermost segment began slowing
A report from Multi-Housing Pro on Colorado. "Average rents in Denver fell by $19 per month in the third quarter of 2018, continuing a three-year trend in rent decreases during the third quarter, according to the Denver Metro Area Apartment
Two reports from Domain News on Australia. "Sydney is in the middle of the steepest downturn in house prices in decades and top experts say theres a way to go yet. In the year to September, more than $75,000 slid
A weekend topic starting with J. Bradford DeLong, Professor of Economics at the University of California at Berkeley. "The 2008 financial crisis and subsequent recession left the Global North 10% poorer than it otherwise would have been, based on 2005
It's Friday desk clearing time for this blogger. "The housing market in Houston and across the country has been on a tear in recent years. Several recent reports from the government, analysts and real estate companies are starting to suggest
A report from the Santa Cruz Sentinel in California. "The California housing market posted its largest annual sales decline since March 2014 in September, as home sales fell below the 400,000-level benchmark for the second consecutive month. This indicates that
With an enchanting beachfront location and minimalist design, The Library Hotel on Koh Samui's popular Chaweng Beach is the perfect place to curl up with a good book. True to its name, this unique conceptual hotel features a large library with more than a thousand books to borrow. This wealth of literature is complimented by the clean lines and bold design choices of its 46 luxury pool villas, suites and studios, each furnished with a reassuring assortment of premium amenities and technology. Likewise, a world-famous red swimming pool provides stark contrast to the white buildings of the property. With Koh Samui Airport within minutes by car, this outpost of modernity successfully blends contemporary design into nature.
We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at The Library. The staff was friendly and helpful, and the facility was beautiful. The sundeck, pool, and beach were perfect. We especially loved the quietness in the midst of a busy tourist area.
Superb location. Swimming pool was stunning. Food was great, esp the lavish breakfast. The (studio) room was great, very aesthetically designed. The book library and the DVD rooms were the personal highlights for me.
I would like to say what a lovely stay we have had again. This is the second time we have stay at The Library and we would recommend it to anyone. The service is fabulous, the food interesting, and of course the rooms are delightful
Clean, cool, comfortable! If you look for a stylish environment that s the place! Staff very kind, very nice beach. Quite expensive, but in my opinion it worth.
Absolutely fabulous in every aspect. In the beginning there were some noisy and annoying families in the hotel, but after they left, it was just paradise!
The Library is a stunning conceptual hotel built in a semi-minimalist architectural style, located at the heart of Chaweng Beach in Koh Samui, Thailand. The project was shaped by the hands of an island local who was inspired by books and a simple lifestyle philosophy. "The book is never out of date," says Mr. Kasemtham Sornsong, Owner and Managing Director of The Library. "As time passes, many things will change, but the book is immortal." Working on a 64:00 square meter plot of heritage land with a 50-metre beachfront area, Mr. Sornsong, together with concept designer, Ms. Tirawan Songsawat created what is now the trendiest hotel in Thailand (2012 Travelers Choice Awards, Tripadvisor.com).
The Library has a total of 26 unique accommodations in the form of Exotic Suites located on the ground floor, Smart Studios on the upper levels and a new ultra-luxurious unit called The Bookmark which is closest to the sea. In order to maintain the sites natural ecology, Mr. Sornsong and Ms. Songsawat realized the design without the use of bulldozers. Thus in addition to the ocean, each room provides guests with a glimpse of age-old trees, lovingly preserved and now part of the complex.
Interspersed with works of art and sculpture, The Library and its surroundings boast a balance of nature and culture, in which verdant gardens, blue waters and pale beaches are offset by a bold color scheme dominated by white, red, black and gray. Interiors bathed in an ultra-minimalist palette are completed with modern facilities such as 42-inch plasma screen televisions with DVD players, iPod touch, and iMac computers with high-speed Internet connection. True to the designers belief that a good holiday equals an opportunity to enjoy a good book, guests are invited to lounge and enjoy the vast collection of books available, which gives The Library its distinctive name.
Listen to the soft chorus of swaying trees and lapping waves as you settle in on one of The Librarys exquisitely designed upper floor accommodations. The space is divided into 3 areas: the master bedroom with living corner, the balcony and the bathroom with dressing area. The Studio offers spectacular views of the garden and a glimpse of the turquoise sea from a private terrace. With its ultra-minimalist design of sleek uncluttered spaces accented by exotic art furnishings, it is the perfect pick for couples or honeymooners in search of artistic and intimate experiences. There are a total of 13 Studios available at The Library.
One master bedroom with living corner, balcony, bathtub and rain shower, dressing area, individually controlled air-conditioning, 42-inch plasma screen television with DVD player, iMac with broadband Internet connection, in-room bar and refreshment, electronic curtains, contemporary design furniture, digital safety box.
Relish your private time in one of The Librarys beautifully-appointed Suites designed to offer quiet comfort, pure pleasure and deep relaxation. A wide uncluttered area is provided for the main bedroom, and an adjoining open-air patio invites the sweep of gentle trade winds through rustic wooden shutters. Stretch out in our spacious Jacuzzi in the private bathroom for a soothing soak, and retire to a bed of your own favorite cushions from our extensive pillow menu. In front, outdoor mattresses are set aside serving as sun loungers for guests to enjoy. Located on the ground floor, the Suite is an ideal choice for guests who prefer to stay close to the earth and require a suitable space to read and write during their stay. There are a total of 12 Exotic Suites available at The Library.
Garden with deck chairs and glimpse of the sea, open-air living room with lazy chair, contemporary wooden bamboo writing desk, custom-made king-size bed, Pillow Menu, individually controlled air-conditioning, ICE CUBE Jacuzzi by Bathroom Design and rain shower, 42-inch plasma screen television with DVD player, iMac with broadband Internet connection plus dock station and speakers for iPod, Lavazza espresso coffee machine, snack bar with daily compliments of 9 snack varieties, digital safety box.
Expansive private spaces with bespoke furnishings and facilities including a custom 11-feet wide bed, separate him and hers walk-in closets, triple-sized tandem rain shower, Jacuzzi bathtub and an 8-meter long saltwater swimming pool plus designated work space, living and dining areas.
The theme building of The Library is named The Lib, with its impressive collection of books to leaf through and an array of DVD movies and music CDs of various genres to enjoy. Minimalist alabaster-white interiors, coupled with stunning views of the sea and The Red Pool provide a picture-perfect backdrop to an afternoon of light reading and relaxed entertainment.
The Lib is divided into 2 zones: a traditional library and an auxiliary multimedia gallery joined together by an openair space in the middle for outdoor reading. iMac computers with Internet access are also provided for guests to keep in touch with family and friends. The Lib is open from 09:00 to 21:00 hours.
The Fit is The Librarys fitness facility with has 270 degrees of sea views through floor to ceiling glass windows. Whether it be a quick aerobic workout or a full-scale bodybuilding regimen, The Fit provides the necessary equipment to keep the heart pumping or to highlight a perfect washboard abs. Service hours are from 07:00 to 19:00.
The Content is The Librarys reception area consisting of 2 adjoining units embraced by a group of high growth trees. The Content team gives a warm welcome and farewell to guests, as well as assists them in arranging their daily activities in and around the hotel. Normal check-in time is 14:00 hours and check-out time is 12:00 hours.
Unwind by The Librarys signature Red Pool with the lulling warm breeze of the pristine beach beyond. Selected as one of the worlds most spectacular hotel swimming pools by both Tripadvisor and CNN, The Red Pool, with its mosaic tiles of orange, yellow and deep red, presents a dazzling spectacle of brilliant color and sophisticated style. The size of the Red Pool is 20 x 12 meters and is located between The Lib and The Page. Surrounding the pool area is a wooden deck with red mattresses and black over-sized bean bags scattered around. Service hours are from 07:00 to 19:00 hours.
Combining contemporary elegance with a highly sophisticated concept design, The Page is a refreshing modern take on Koh Samuis upscale dining scene. With a menu offering of Thai and international fusion and a host of "original experiences" found nowhere else on the island, indulge in culinary delights that excite the eyes and tingle the taste buds. Enjoy the sunrise with a signature Breakfast Culture on the beach or a light casual lunch overlooking the sea. Then chill out at The Beach Bar with its 101 unique cocktail selections and artistic tapas and snack interpretations or explore the innovative cuisines available for an exceptional dinner engagement. The Page is a beachfront restaurant divided into 3 zones: an air-conditioned space with a walk-in wine gallery, a roofed open-air venue with a grand view of the beach and a terrace area for all-day alfresco dining.
Eclectic by nature, artistic by character and thoroughly unique in style, Drink Gallery is an alternative dining platform unseen in Koh Samui. Its an island first - an upmarket bar and restaurant where one can sip on an amazing drink, groove to some wonderful tunes and still hear each other speak! Located next to the resort along Chaweng Beach Road, Drink Gallery stays true to the stylish and art-inspired aesthetics The Library is famous for. A medley of accessories and seating such as wooden benches, chairs and stools make up the playful setting, and a long solid table at the center invites up to 14 people to drink and mingle over an exquisite home-style feast. The restaurant has both a sense of casualness and a sophisticated quality. Its approach on food is artistic simplicity with a homey feel; the drinks are tastefully layered, whimsical and form-breaking worthy of a nights discussion. Opens daily from 11:00 till 01:00 hours.
Great Write My Essay Paper 10PagePapersReviewed by adminon Monday, October 29th, 2018 .This Is Article AboutGreat Write My Essay Paper 10PagePapersPay 10PagePapers.com to publish My Paper You may be certain your paper is likely to be published by a professional into the field that is corresponding. Just be sure your paper that is academic will authentic and delivered over time. Youll have the capability to not finish all your just essays with time, and also []
You may be certain your paper is likely to be published by a professional into the field that is corresponding. Just be sure your paper that is academic will authentic and delivered over time.
Youll have the capability to not finish all your just essays with time, and also secure excellent grades to them regularly. You might be trying to find somebody who can perform your essay. An essay are frequently assemble on any topic that is potential just about s the reason a range of people nevertheless believe it is quite tricky. Many essay service that is writing free examples to lead you about what sorts of essay or what sort of treatment plan for a topic you like your essay to have.
you can purchase a variety of essay, coursework or term paper and obtain it delivered within your set due date. Literary essays exist in a framework that is certain makes allowances for many kinds of arguments and particular types of questions.
The moment your purchase had been added to 10pagepapers.com all of us people will help you immediately. Just in case the purchase is 1-page very long, the re payment shall be broken into 2 components it doesnt matter what the deadline is. COMPLETE YOUR ORDER FORM Now it is rather very easy to set your order. If you have posted your purchase therefore the authors have started applying for it, you may possibly nevertheless replace your purchase information, such as the number of pages, the name, or perhaps the instructions for the paper.
Significant amounts of essays have common features together with majority of them have actually precisely the structure that is same therefore, theoretically, you ought to be able to finish all sorts of essay with a little bit of help from Bing. Just in case the essay can not be supplied for you because of the deadline that is promised then a possibility of you meeting your university due date are low too. How you can the essay that is perfect by means of 10PagePapers. Making your suitable essay is clearly perhaps not the simplest choice to just take.
Our writers just deliver premium quality papers. Therefore, in case you aspire to understand your writers certain place, you are totally free to request such information from them straight in chat. Our article writers may also work with you with that. All they pass a significant procedure to check their skills. Even though you will need to protect their professional authors job, it will be well worth every penny, because you will not only save yourself the required time, and also a great deal of hassle and nerves.
You can check with a writer. Youll be able to additionally ask authors to produce you with a brief (around 100 words) introduction to check out their writing abilities and choose the writer that is best.
Our article writers are arranged and discover how to prepare their writing to enable them to deliver your paper over time.
Are these grades good? The following are considered 'high grades' for the purposes of most North and South drilling programs: G reater than 5 g/t gold and 15 g/t silver
South Africa Diamonds, gold, and imperialist intervention (18701902): South Africa experienced a transformation between 1870, when the diamond rush to Kimberley ...
The nature of gold mining on the Witwatersrand. The gold mining on the Witwatersrand had to soon evolve. The gold that was mined was very near to the surface of the ...
Dec 20, 2017 Against mining capital and the politicians stand Amcu, Sikhala Sonke, the church-based Bench Marks Foundation (which earlier this year began campaigning ...
South Deep gold mine, in the Mpumalanga region of South Africa, is the second biggest gold mine in the world....Read More...
Gold mining in South Africa typically involves methods such as panning, sluicing, dredging, hard rock mining, and by-product mining.
Mining in the Philippines began around 1000 BC. The early Filipinos worked various mines of gold, silver, copper and iron. Jewels, gold ingots, chains, calombigas and ...
Numbers in ( ) indicate negative growth. ND No data. Although no direct institutional mechanism exists to identify "Hot spots" particularly in relation to trade and ...
From exploration to construction to operating to reclaiming see how Newmont handles the mining process from start to finish.
Page 3 of 24 Introduction This case study focuses on the costs of the environmental and social effects of coal mining in South Africa, undertaken for export to the ...
A USGS publication on the history of gold uses, gold mining, gold prospecting, assays and gold production.
Gold mining is the resource extraction of gold by mining. As of 2016, the world's largest gold producer was China with 463.7 tonnes. The second-largest producer ...
Gold, recognizable by its yellowish cast, is one of the oldest metals used by humans. As far back as the Neolithic period, humans have collected gold from ...
The newest deep gold mine to be developed in South Africa, Target first hit its scheduled mining rate of 17,500t...Read More...
In 2018, the economic recovery, brought about by a bumper harvest following the drought in 2016 and a rebound in the mining sector, underpinned by more favourable ...
Alex MacIntyre & Associates Ltd. Alex MacIntyre & Associates Limited is a mid sized mining contracting firm with second generation management and a proud history of ...
InfoMine is mining's largest online community. What ever mining event you are organizing or promoting, we can help take your message to mining.
Labels: Abstract expressionism cubism artist painter modern art horse painting raw graffiti colorful jacob brest
Snow load will affect a deck s weight load in a big wayWhere I live and workunder decking waterproof products for shower in the Minneapolis areaunder decking waterproof products for shower we need to build decks to support lbsper square foot.
To calculate the load you should use lbs per square foot live for load (these are variable loads that are dynamic such as the weight of people and furniture)
SDI Specifications for Non Composite Floor Deck If uncoated deck is usedunder decking waterproof products for shower the weight of the slab must be deducted from the uniform loadsUniform
Dec under decking waterproof products for shower The materials used for decking vary in weightEach linear foot of decking thus contains cubic inchesunder decking waterproof products for shower or cubic feetA foot
Nov under decking waterproof products for shower Being triangular these can weigh up to  the weight per metre run of Usually a mm floor deck is laid on this joist frameunder decking waterproof products for shower for which we will
Weightunder decking waterproof products for shower psf Allowable end reaction per foot of deck width with bearing for ASD and the factored nominal reaction for LRFDAllowable
The load that is placed on your deck is expressed in pounds per square foot (psf) and the total load or more appropriatelyunder decking waterproof products for shower the design loadunder decking waterproof products for shower is comprised of the
Dec Each linear foot of decking thus contains cubic inchesunder decking waterproof products for shower When fully dryunder decking waterproof products for shower treated deck boards weigh some pounds per cubic foot more.
Jul under decking waterproof products for shower We all know how much New Zealanders love a beautiful deckdensityunder decking waterproof products for shower meaning it can dent more easily and can t take quite as much weight This timber is quite dense kg per square meter meaning it is strong
Door knob hangers are perfect for a business seeking to target a geographical area. They are not intrusive, but easy to distribute and very economical. Call Ink4 at (864) 576-1109  serving South Carolina, North Carolina and Georgia.
LOGO - jak zmniejszy plik SVG - szybkie i wyrane logo na stronie wordpress - Strona 4 - Forum inkcape-tutorial
Uses conventional harddrive. Higer power consumption, lower shock resistance and longer startup time compared to solid state drive(SSD).
Processor is more powerful than necessary for typical tasks such as multi-tasking, internet, music, movies, productivity(Word, Spreadsheets, etc), basic photo and video editing. Could downgrade to save money
Core i7s are the current top of the line, out of all the Core series processors. They are also the most expensive. For most computer users, an i7 processor is far from necessary. But if you want the latest and fastest, thats what the i7 is all about.
The Intel Core i7 represents the company's most feature robust processor offering. They are Intel's flagship series of processor, achieving the greatest levels of relative performance. As an excellent all-around processor, the i7 is ideal for enthusiasts, gamers, power users and content creators alike.
The following games list shows all notebook graphic cards (GPUs) sorted by the approximate performance. The fields contain average frames per second (fps) values for each game / setting combination...
"WE DECIDE WHAT IS RIGHT NEVER MIND WHAT THE PEOPLE THINK." - TM Emeritus 24 Apr 2012 quoted former Prime Minister of Singapore in 1987 as saying, " We decide what is right,never mind what the people think." Andrew L...
Anyone who keeps office plants knows that indoor foliage can brighten a dull, dreary atmosphere and create a refuge from everyday stresses. Office Plants can also remove common toxins from indoor environments and add oxygen to stale air. Given these benefits, you'd think that indoor office plants would be as common in offices as staplers and annoying coworkers!
Sadly, most of us know only two kinds of office plants: the silk ones and those dusty brown fire hazards on top of the filing cabinet. While many of these leafy casualties could have been saved with proper care, it's critical to choose plants that can thrive in the challenging office biome. With a little forethought, you can choose the perfect plant to improve your workplace's aesthetics and your health. Plants affect people. Research indicates most people experience increased production and reduced stress when plants are present. Plants have also been proven to clean the air of toxic chemicals, suppress bacteria and molds and add humidity, making a room feel healthier and more comfortable.
Plants are a vital part of a professional office environment, providing the finishing touch to our business setting. Naturally, plants have the unique ability to humanize an office, encourage productivity, stimulate the mind and promote creativity.
Plants in the workplace ARE PROVEN to improve morale, absorb noise, clean the air and reduce worker stress. Now, more than ever, stress at
Interior green offer a quality plant rental service, office plants pots and interior plant displays. Please view our range of office plants for Hire
does anyone know if their is a knockoff of the back yard special spoiler......the real one is just a little out of my price range
Even the rep is $300+. I'd say just suck it up and pay the $600ish for the real deal. But here's a link for TNA Auto ( they are on Honda-tech as well )
^...Yeah...that's the "ace_drew1" fella from Honda-Tech.com who makes them: http://honda-tech.com/showthread.php...spoiler&page=8
I remember when he was asking about what spoilers to make and that's the first one that popped into my head. I'd love to have one in FRP.
definitely a knockoff, but most knockoffs will fit with maybe a little sanding. unless its a horrible knockoff, haha
alot of people think their ugly but how many eg have you seen in dsm or any other towm here in iowa with one of those? you see alot of spoon spoiler knockoffs but rarely a bys.
Labels: art, artist, brian, family guy, giggity, hand painted, jd, Jdtoonart, painting, peter griffin, pop art, quagmire, stewie
Explore a century of Canada's conflicts, wars and struggles through radio and television clips from the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation ...
'i will' vs 'yes, we can' a rhetorical analysis of the political speeches of in the present thesis, the rhetoric of us former presidents george w bush (president 2001-2009) and the al-qaeda attacks against the us on september 11, 2001 had frightened the american people, and. Read this full essay on rhetorical analysis of andrew shepherd's speech in movie, the american president give the opposition a taste of their own medicine shepherd does exactly that when address's the american people he talks about the constitution, the foundation on which this great. Political rhetoric also underwent renewal in the wake of the us and french revolutions the american lyceum in particular was seen as both an educational and social institution, featuring group discussions and guest lecturers[31] these programs cultivated democratic values and promoted. Analysis of political rhetoric in the american promise 2 divide the speech into sections meaning of pestle analysis p-political e-economical s-social t-technological l-legal e-environmental  political factors are how and to what degree a government intervenes in the economy.
Critical discourse analysis of obama's political discourse juraj horvth abstract this paper examines the persuasive strategies of president the last speech was held in the white house concerning gun control in the speeches, he used rhetoric to appeal to his various audiences using. Chapp examines the role of religious political rhetoric in american elections by analyzing both how political elites use religious language and how chapp analyzes the content and context of political speeches and draws on survey data, historical evidence, and controlled experiments to evaluate how. Edition political rhetoric politics independent source of news and analysis, from experts in the a on the surface, the inability to find any skilled rhetoric to analyze in the first debate is the result of neither candidate having much skill to demonstrate. Political scientists have increasingly looked to the role that disgust plays in shaping public opinion and attitudes this emotion plays an important role in building and reinforcing boundaries in the polity it is particularly important in shaping attitudes toward gay rights we analyze data from the 1993.
With language rhetoric of neo-aristotle rhetoric as the theoretical framework, this paper will study li fengjie, ren jia, zhang yingying analysis of the rhetorical devices in obama's political aristotle once described rhetoric in the art of rhetoric as instrument of exploring the overall feasible ways. Analysis of political rhetoric essay by hilue21, high school, 11th grade, b+, february 2013 the ad starts off by showing a significantly opulent home, which is said to be mitt romney's and the words, mitt romney calls 47% of the american people it then proceeds to romney himself saying.
Dr buchanan engl 325 21 april 2016 rhetorical analysis of donald trump's announcement to run for president in 2015, billionaire, business mogul donald perhaps if the american public wasn't so blindly distrustful of political rhetoric, they would understand the manipulative power of trump's words. Political analysis publishes peer reviewed articles that provide original and significant advances in the general area of political methodology, including it is the official journal of the society for political methodology and the political methodology section of the american political science association. Rhetoric - analyzing political speeches introduction rhetoric or rhetorical language is a our aims, objectives and reasons of analysis are mainly a theoretical interest in the comparative the use of another sentence seems to draw on a 'one-to many' relation between the american people.
Rhetorical analysis of the theory of multiple intelligenceswe believe that human cognitive competence is better described in terms of a set of it has something to offer to everybody if you are looking for culture you make the right choice visiting one of the hundreds great museums in the city. Charteris-black also provides insightful analyses of the speeches of bill clinton, george w bush and barack obama, all in the context of difficult political overall, politicians and rhetoric is a great addition to our study of metaphors in politics charteris-black shows a masterful understanding of. Political analysis must recognize that the autonomy of presidents is limited an analysis of trump and clinton's rhetoric on national security for donald trump, i will discuss just two critical in sum, trump's america first rhetoric in relation to war reveals an inclination toward unrestrained violence.
However, does political aspect needs these cases to magnify the burdens of the future logically, we know that political cases and aspects should be honest in our time, it is broadly true that political writing is bad writing where it is not true, it will generally be found that the writer is some kind of rebel. Political rhetoric is essentially classical rhetoric applied to a modern political situation the basics of rhetoric  logos, pathos, and ethos  all apply to contemporary political discussion, and specific rhetorical devices are employed to increase the effect for example, politicians frequently make use. Analysis of religious references in political rhetoric can help explain trends of interaction and attitude between the public and politicians in the religio-political thus far throughout this discussion of religious in us political rhetoric, it has been fairly apparent that the american public should have a.
By analysing the ongoing ferguson protests and post-race rhetoric, america is a society still burdened by racial injustices which favour white citizens this is the deep paradox within the american political system[8] - that a nation so invested in the principles of liberty and freedom is. The graduate school of political management has launched the public echoes of rhetoric in it features analysis on which officials, issues, and key congressional races are gaining or losing now weeks into the presidential transition, pundits, prognosticators, and everyday americans are looking. Political science literature on latin american foreign policy abounds in case studies but has not dealt much on theory and papers containing extensions words and deeds: foreign assistance rhetoric and policy behavior in the netherlands, belgium, and the united kingdom. Site dedicated to public rhetoric, political, social, movie and religious speeches and related concepts of and exercises in rhetoric full text, audio, and video database of the 100 most significant american political speeches of the 20th century, according to 137 leading scholars of american.
the early christian and byzantine period style in panels from an altarpiece showing the virgin and c
I got my Ph.D. from SOAS in November 2004. I did it in two years which is I believe the record for shortest time at that institution.
Yesterday I walked through Ataturk Park and saw the Afghan War memorial. In addition to a statue it also lists the soldiers from the Kyrgyz SSR that died in the war from 1979 to 1989. At rough approximation there were 130 names on the slabs that I saw. But, I think this total must be incomplete. In many ways Afghanistan was the Soviet Union's Vietnam.
Today I walked down the Kievskaya side of Ala Too Square rather than the Chui side. Just after the statue of Chingiz Aitmatov I ran into a former student of mine. He is doing quite well. It is kind of strange to think that I have taught hundreds of Kyrgyz, thousands of Ghanaians, and only a half a dozen Americans. At this point I am sure my impact will be much greater in Africa and Asia than it will ever be in my home country.
I would like to count myself as one of your American students, even if only at a distance, especially on the history of Germans in Russia and the Soviet Central Asia and the Soviet Far East. The opportunity to learn more about my heritage keeps me coming back.
Most of us cannot afford to pay for such huge items out of regular income. Sometimes we need to borrow the cash  so a fast loan could be the answer. Whether you are getting married, taking a dream holiday trip or just looking for a easier way to pay off existing debt we are offering plenty of solutions to give you the right loan. Apply online and see how convenient way to fast budget repairing our online loan is.
Payday Loans Pascagoula - easy and quick online application So why bother with long and gruesome bank applications if you can have your personal loan approved online in minutes. Just fill in our online application form with needed information about you and your finances and wait for a call. Dont worry, youre safe- we adopt a state of art encryption technology to protect your private information. One of our friendly representatives will be in touch with you shortly. During the process our agent will contact you to ask some questions about your finances, and review your bank account statements in order to assess if you qualify for our fast loan.
But before application, you may use our personal loan calculator to find out how much your loan will cost. Enter the amount and the number of days for repayment.
Repayment terms Usually we draw money automatically from clients bank account. Also, you can pay youself using a credit card. We accept all the major brands (American Express ,VISA, MasterCard). You can always repay earlier. Every time a payment which reduces your capital is cleared in our account, the loan interest is automatically adjusted.
If you don't have money on due date you should apply for an extension by phone or email, at least three (3) days before your scheduled due date. At a minimum, you will be required to pay the interest due on the due date, and we encourage you to pay some toward reducing your principal loan balance at the time of an extension. If you do pay extra toward principal, youll reduce the amount of interest you would otherwise pay.
Why you should pick Payday Loans Pascagoula? Getting online personal loan in Pascagoula is a very easy, convenient and fast proces. We are a trustful company that provides fast and efficient service to people who need loans from $100 to over $3,000. When it comes to personal loans, nobody likes difficult to understand terms and hidden conditions. We fully understand that. Our online loans are based on simple, black & white contract, and we always inform our clients of all costs they might expect. With 24/7 online access to your credit account, you have control and insight of your obligations.
Payday Loans Online - Apply online now! If youre searching for a personal loan in Pascagoula, we might help with all your financial problems. Please contact our kind customer care team, whos ready to answer any questions you could have about our personal loans. Remember, youll always be treated with the respect you deserve. Your personal loan is just in your hands! Give it a try right now! Fair and simple online loans to help you up when you are down.
Article written in 1984 by Errol Carr about Thomas Carr and Catherine Moffat from Scotland to New South Wales, Australia
The Thomas & Catherine CARR Family - Alexander & Ernest Sections. A brief history of the families of two of the children of Thomas Carr and Catherine Moffat.
[S2403] Website titled NSW Registry of Births, Deaths and Marriages - Historical Index Search, published by New South Wales Registry of Births, Deaths and Marriages.
Rogers Online Genealogy - created and maintained by Roger Moffat Copyright  20012018 All rights reserved. | Data Protection Policy.
Three out of five stars didnt bode well for the Baytown Outlaws, a movie we found streaming free on Amazon Instant Video (were Prime members). One thing Ive discovered in my many years of action flick watching is that the critics dont dig action. If the critics say it sucks, chances are Im going to love it. True to form, I LOVED this movie!
Billy Bob Thornton plays his usual piece of trash character and Eva Longoria plays the pretty piece, as was her lot prior to her hitting the jackpot with Devious Maids & Telenovela. These are not stand-alone reasons to see any movie. Mehmoving on
Heres the blurb: When three redneck brothers agree to help a woman save her godson from an abusive stepfather, they become targets on the run from an odd cast of characters.
Paul Wesley is in this movie too. Vampire Diaries fans will be thrilled. Hes even got some good lines.
Heres the real hook: three idiots that you expect to be completely unlikable become unlikely heroes despite the fact that this wildly entertaining movie is overflowing with blood and bullets and is equally offensive to whites, blacks, Hispanics, Jews, men, women, disabled, heterosexuals and homosexuals alike (I may have missed a few groups, but know that the writers were thorough in being offensive to all).
Disclosure of Material Connection: Some of the links in the posts on this website are affiliate links. This means if you click on the link and purchase the item, I will receive an affiliate commission at no additional cost to you. Regardless, I only recommend products or services I use personally and believe will add value to my readers. I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commissions 16 CFR, Part 255: Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising.
The Age mark scheme lets you to enter pupil age assessments into Insight. Pupil ages can be entered in years and months, either as a decimal or in the format Xy Xm. For example, a score of 8 years an
If you&apos;d like to use this mark scheme, please contact us to switch it on for you. From September 2016, schools are required to record EAL pupils&apos; level of proficiency in English, using a best-fit jud
The. SAT 2016+ TA mark scheme in Insight allows you to record your KS1 and KS2 teacher assessments. The following tables show which codes are to be used for each subject at KS1 and KS2, for the 2017-
A pupils scaled score is based on their raw score. The raw scores for each test are calculated by adding the scores from each paper for a subject. At KS1: 85 is the lowest scaled score that can be a
You can use the. Standardised Scores mark scheme to record standardised test results from any test provider, including NFER, Rising Stars, GL Assessment, Renaissance, etc. Standardised scores are mor
Insights. Yearly Bands mark-scheme offers a flexible approach to assessing without levels. You can use it to record how a pupil is performing against age-related expectations at each assessment poin
Page: How can I back up or archive all my Athena files before my account is deactivated? (IS&T Contributions)
Page: Why did I get a "Permission Denied" error after being logged in for a long time? (IS&T Contributions)
Get a copy of the top 10 Toyota leadership lessons that Mr. Isao Yoshino has shared with me. Click here to get your copy!
Japan is famous for customer service and hospitality, known as omotenashi in Japanese, and for being a safe and clean country  and my experiences on recent trip to Japan last month were no exception.
What I want to share with you today are three amazing experiences that left me saying only in Japan!, all of which happened in one 8 hour period. Even though I learned to expect the types of experiences when living in Japan, they still astound me in contrast to what you would likely experience in most other places in the world.
If you want to learn more about omotenashi, check out the article I wrote after returning my first trip back to Japan after moving back to the United States: Life in Japan: Omotenashi  the spirit of Japans customer service & hospitality.
I was in Japan in January to prepare for an upcoming Japan study trip on behalf of the Ohio State University, some of which I highlighted in my most recent post.
Update as of February 15: If you are interested in joining the OSU trip on May 12-19, 2018, there are a few spaces remaining that OSU is opening for general enrollment!
The program Rick Guba and I have put together will be a fabulous and fun learning experience, which will include unparalleled access to Isao Yoshino, a 40-year Toyota leader and John Shooks first manager in Toyota City, over three days of the trip.
These three only in Japan experiences from January all happened in an eight hour period on the Saturday following the study trip preparation week, on a day spent with some of our best friends still living in Tokyo.
After you read about these experiences, let me know if you think that any of these things would happen in your country?
Perhaps one, maybe, but its highly unlikely that all three would happen in the same day anywhere but in Japan.
On our way to a bus-train interchange in Shibuya, my friend accidentally left her wallet on the bus. She didnt realize it until we were about to enter the train station. By then, the bus and wallet were long gone.
Okay, so not a picture of the wallet, but a photo of our delicious okonomiyaki lunch at the restaurant where I first tried okyonomiyaki three years ago! I love Hiroshima style.
I might have been more concerned for my friend had I been a new visitor to Japan. However there is a sense in Japan  even in the dense metropolis of Tokyo  that you are in small community where everyone is looking out for each other because they know each other. In this case, people dont usually know each other, but there is a sense of community and safety that Ive not experienced anywhere but small towns.
I also had a prior experience of a lost wallet being returned in 2015 when my cousin visited and left her wallet in the train station. When she realized this 3 hours later, she was in a panic. We tracked down the wallet at the Lost and Found area at the station, and sure enough, someone had turned in her wallet, all money and belongings included.
So on this Sunday in January, this being Japan, we headed out for lunch as planned figuring that her wallet would 99.99% likely be turned in promptly with all money and personal items untouched.
Several hours later, after enjoying a delicious okonomiyaki lunch sitting at the counter bar, my friend went to the station headquarters, talked to someone who spoke some English, was directed to another lost and found, and was reunited with her wallet  100% intact, as we expected.
In the United States, or most anywhere else, we likely would not have had the confidence that the wallet would be returned promptly and intact.
Certainly, people do return things in other countries (like the camera I left on a train in Barcelona in 1991!), but the probability of everything being there (including money) is less likely.
Imagine, a slightly more crowded platform than when I took the photo, people rushing to line up for the soon-to-arrive train. You rush up and see a uniformed station worker extending her arms to you. What do you do?
You might have assumed, like our group of 5 did, that she was directing us where to line up for the train, and rush to gather in line with her outstretched arms.
She looked at us in horror when we tried to stand right under her arms in the midst of the crowd as the train arrived. We were doing the exact opposite of what she had intended.
I was able to get my phone out and snap this picture right before our train pulled out of the station.
I grew accustomed to delightful customer experiences when living in Japan, and also some frustrating ones, examples of both I highlighted on my article on Omotenashi.
I once described Japanese hospitality to Mark Graban as constantly high levels service with no customization (dont ask for the tomatoes on the side if the menu says tomatoes!), where is the U.S. high levels of customization are generally accommodated, but there is great variation in actual service delivery.
But the delightful ones always are a special reminder of what it means to more than satisfy a customer.
I forgot to mention that the week I was in Japan was the coldest weather on record in Tokyo in nearly half a century. It was well below freezing and I was grateful for the two puffy coats that I brought and simultaneously wore out in the evenings.
After an already delightful and delicious meal with our friends, we collected our coats and ventured out into the sub-zero temperatures. We put our hands in our pockets to find them delightfully warm.
My husband and I ran back to the restaurant to thank the staff, and there two of them were standing, in the sub-zero temperatures, waving to us and saying thank you.
This type of service that goes over and beyond what is expected is not uncommon in Japan, and is something that we all can learn from.
Of course, it also is balanced out by the many instances of frustration with the rigidity and lack of flexibility to requests that one also experiences. But Ill take the delight!
Instead of having to drag your own bags off of the carousel at the airport baggage claim, the bags are pulled off and neatly arranged for passengers.
For example, on my arrival to Tokyos Narita Airport, I got through Immigration quickly and was one of the first people to baggage claim.
One could argue that this is overprocesssing by increasing the number of human touch points in the baggage handling process, but as a customer, I appreciated it!
Ill be writing soon about my entire visit to Oishi Accounting in the Tokyo area with Tim Wolput and Christoph Roser (author of the All About Lean Blog) to experience their engaging morning meeting, but one of the impressive nice touches of omtenashi that the company provides for all visitors and customers is a personalized water bottle.
Spending three days with my friend and Toyota mentor Mr. Isao Yoshino, from whom I always learn words of wisdom and insights.
Visiting over 10 Japanese companies and organizations to learn about their approach to kaizen and respect for people including:
Learning about the 7 Minute Miracle by talking with the former President of the Shinkansen cleaning company that is famous for its customer service and 7-minute changeover (which I mentioned in a previous post).
Eating at the lean sushi restaurant chain I visited last May and visiting a lean public restroom that paralleled the one I visited years ago.
Thank you for reading! If you arent already a subscriber, you can register here to be notified whenever new posts are published.
A reminder from a recent visit to Japan: Lean is not inherently Japanese Whats been keeping me busy this month? Planning learning experiences...
I'm going to write that here community-acquired pneumonia when i say pick up, i mean just in our everyday activities community, you're thinking about people. Community-acquired pneumonia in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a 124 copd patients (mean fev1 40 +/- 11% of predicted, mean fvc/fev1 49 +/- . Community-acquired necrotizing pneumonia caused by methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus producing panton-valentine leukocidin in. He was treated for sepsis secondary to community acquire pneumonia (cap) with intravenous fluids, azithromycin and ceftriaxone tamiflu was given for. Key words: influenza a, h1n1, pvl, mrsa, pneumonia, panton-valentine leukocidin (j bronchol community-acquired necrotizing pneumonia due to.
Community-acquired pneumonia develops in people with limited or no contact with medical institutions or settings the most commonly identified pathogens are . Pneumonia, community-acquired answers are found in the johns hopkins abx guide powered by unbound medicine available for iphone. Bacterial cap is usually more serious than other types and is more common among adults atypical pneumonia, often called walking. The clinical presentation of staphylococcal community-acquired pneumonia is typically as a cause of necrotizing pneumonia in children in.
Cause of community-acquired pneumonia (cap), its in- cidence has been increasing in the last several years15 this article presents 3 cases of necrotizing. Community-acquired pneumonia (cap) is defined as an acute infection produces a necrotizing pneumonia with high morbidity and mortality. Pneumonia can be classified in several ways, most commonly by where it was acquired community-acquired pneumonia (cap) is infectious pneumonia in a person who has not recently been hospitalized although overlapping with many other classifications, necrotizing pneumonia includes pneumonias that cause. Cap in adults choice of antibiotic is usually empirical because the aetiology is not known for at least 48 hours after admission an australian study of cap in.
Improving the care of adult patients with community-acquired pneumonia (cap) has been the focus of many different organizations, and several have developed . Early diagnosis of community-acquired pneumonia (cap) is essential for continuous data are presented as mean (standard deviation) for. Community-acquired necrotizing pneumonia caused by panton-valentine leukocidin (pvl)-secreting staphylococcus aureus is a highly lethal.
Pediatric community pneumonia guidelines d cid d e1 clinical infectious diseases parapneumonic effusions, necrotizing pneumonia, and pneumothorax. We present the case of a patient with a necrotizing multilobar pneumonia caused by community-acquired methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus (mrsa. Community-acquired pneumonia (cap) refers to pneumonia contracted by a person with little contact with the healthcare system the chief difference between . Community-acquired pneumonia is caused by a range of organisms, most commonly streptococcus pneumoniae, mycoplasma pneumoniae,.
Definition community-acquired pneumonia (cap) is defined as pneumonia acquired outside of hospital or healthcare facilities clinical diagnosis is based on a. Having had community-acquired pneumonia (cap) greatly increases the risk of long-term morbidity and mortality compared to the general population who have. Introduction  community-acquired pneumonia (cap) is defined as an acute infection of the pulmonary parenchyma in a patient who has.
Objective: to review the management of community-acquired pneumonia (cap) in adults methods: review of the literature results: approximately 4 to 5. Community-acquired pneumonia (cap) can occur at any time of life, but its incidence and risk of death are linked to increasing age cap in the.
Factors predicting mortality in necrotizing community-acquired pneumonia caused by staphylococcus aureus containing panton-valentine leukocidin. This article discusses both community-acquired pneumonia (cap), which is acquired outside of the health care setting, and hospital-acquired (or health. Community-acquired bacterial pneumonia (cabp) is a lung infection caused by doctors diagnose community-acquired pneumonia by listening to the lungs.
an analysis of central american economy using dependency theory and alternative to export oriented e
This leading private and investment bank wants to recruit an experienced Consolidation Manager for its Luxembourg back office.
The bank provides an extensive range of products and services from global custody, to fund administration and shareholder services. Third party client surveys and industry ranking for their different core activities - fund administration, custodian bank and transfer agent - have positioned this bank as a major leader in the Luxembourg financial market.
The Consolidation Manager works within the accounting and IFRS department undertaking the financial reporting and consolidation reports. In this well paid Luxembourg banking job the following activities will be expected of you:
-Participate in the production and validation of different reports drawn up according to IFRS and US GAAP on a monthly basis
For consideration for the Consolidation Manager vacancy you will need at least five years' experience in a consolidation and IFRS department within the banking sector.
You should be able to demonstrate a competent knowledge of IAS/IFRS in relation to banks and have considerable expertise in consolidation. You will be skilled in using the latest financial software packages.
It is expected you will be a University graduate with a degree in economics or finance. Finally you must have a good command of both French and English.
The Consolidation Manager is a well paid Luxembourg job offering a great basic salary and outstanding career prospects. To apply simple click on the link button above.
Hi, I am trying to build a template. The compilation of this template results in a weird exception. I have isolated the cause of the exception to the following point:
The warnings you're seeing are the second of these: when ikiwiki tries to process templates/foo.mdwn as an ordinary page, without interpreting the <TMPL_VAR> directives, inline receives invalid input.
This is a bit of a design flaw in template and edittemplate, I think - ideally it would be possible to avoid parts of the page being interpreted when the page is being rendered normally rather than being used as a template.
There is a trick to avoid parts of the page being interpreted when the page is being used as a template, while having them appear when it's rendered as a page:
Perhaps the right solution would be to change how the template plugin works, so that templates are expected to contain a new definetemplate directive:
with templates not containing a [[!definetemplate ]] being treated as if the whole text of the page was copied into a [[!definetemplate ]], for backwards compatibility?
OK, here is a branch implementing what I said. It adds the definetemplate directive to goodstuff as its last commit.
i'd put it in core, and add a transition for the time compatibility gets broken, provided the transitioning system will be used in that. templates can't be expected to just work as markdown+ikiwiki too.
first i was sceptical of the approach of re-running scan to make sure the my %templates is filled, but it is indeed a practical solution.
the name "definetemplate" gives me the first impression that something is assigned (as in #define), but actually it highlights a region in the file. wouldn't "templatebody" be a better description of the meaning of the directive?
Thanks for your feedback! Looking at its description on this wiki, I agree that type/web doesn't fit, and core does seem better. I like your templatebody suggestion, too, particularly if templates remain restricted to /templates. I'll try to come up with better wording for the documentation to say "use templatebody, like this", with a note about backwards compatibility later.
Rationale for my %templates: yes it does seem a bit odd, but if I used $pagestate{$tpage}{template} instead of a my variable, I'd sometimes still have to force a scan, because template has to expand the template at scan time so that it can contain links etc. - so I have to make sure that if the template has changed, it has already been scanned (scanning happens in random order, so that can't be guaranteed). This means there's no benefit in reading it back from the index, so it might as well just be in-memory.
I suppose an alternative way to do it would be to remember what was passed to needsbuild, and only force a scan for templates that were in that list - which potentially reduces CPU time and I/O a little, in exchange for a bigger index. I could do that if Joey wants me to, but I think the current approach is simpler, so I'll stick with the current approach if it isn't vetoed. --smcv
@name: even outside /templates, [[!templatebody ]] would be interpreted as "when this page is used as a template, this is what its contents should be", and be suitable.
@%templates: my surprise wasn't to it not being in %pagestate, but rather that the scan function was used for it at all, rather than plain directive parsing that ignores everything else -- but i agree that it's the right thing to do in this situation.
Branch and directive renamed to ready/templatebody as chrysn suggested. It's on-by-default now (or will be if that branch is merged). Joey, any chance you could review this?
There is one known buglet: template_syntax.t asserts that the entire file is a valid HTML::Template, whereas it would ideally be doing the same logic as IkiWiki itself. I don't think that's serious. --smcv
Looking over this, I notice it adds a hash containing all scanned files. This seems to me to be potentially a scalability problem on rebuild of a site with many pages. Ikiwiki already keeps a lot of info in memory, and this adds to it, for what is a fairly minor reason. It seems to me there should be a way to avoid this. --Joey
Maybe. Are plugins expected to cope with scanning the same page more than once? If so, it's just a tradeoff between "spend more time scanning the template repeatedly" and "spend more memory on avoiding it", and it would be OK to omit that, or reduce it to a set of scanned templates (in practice that would mean scanning each template twice in a rebuild). --s
Commit f7303db5 suggests that scanning the same page more than once is problematic, so that solution is probably not going to work.
The best idea I've come up with so far is to track whether we're in the scan or render phase. If we're in the scan phase, I think we do need to keep track of which pages we've scanned, so we don't do them again? (Or perhaps that's unnecessary - commit f7303db5 removed a scan call that's in the render phase.) If we're in the render phase, we can assume that all changed pages have been scanned already, so we can drop the contents of %scanned and rely on a single boolean flag instead.
This is not actually good enough for the templatebody directive, which does in fact need to scan certain pages during the render phase, namely when a page that is rendered due to dependencies uses a template that no other page being rendered in this pass was using. I've reverted this optimization, to fix wrong rendering of templatebody, and applied a more limited version which only optimizes rebuilds (the worst case of this memory consumption). --smcv
%scanned is likely to be no larger than %rendered, which we already track, and whose useful lifetime does not overlap with %scanned now. I was tempted to merge them both and call the result %done_in_this_phase, but that would lead to really confusing situations if a bug led to render being called sooner than it ought to be.
My ulterior motive here is that I would like to formalize the existence of different phases of wiki processing - at the moment there are at least two phases, namely "it's too soon to match pagespecs reliably" and "everything has been scanned, you may use pagespecs now", but those phases don't have names, so write doesn't describe them.
I'm also considering adding warnings if people try to match a pagespec before scanning has finished, which can't possibly guarantee the right result, as discussed in conditional preprocess during scan. My wip-too-soon branch is a start towards that; the docwiki builds successfully, but the tests that use IkiWiki internals also need updating to set $phase = PHASE_RENDER before they start preprocessing. --s
reviewing those modifications, i think this is a good way to go. along with warning about pagespecs evaluated in scan phase, i think it should be an error to invoke scan in the render phase; that would mean that readtemplate needs to check whether it's invoked as a scan or not to decide whether to scan the template page, but would be generally more robust for future plugin writing.
At the moment templatebody really does need to re-scan templates in the render phase, unfortunately. Not scanning in the render phase seems to be precisely how wrong rendering of templatebody happened. --s
addendum: if the new phase state is used to create warnings/errors about improper ikiwiki api use of plugins (which is something i'd advocate), that should likewise warn if add_link actually adds a link in the render phase. such a warning would have helped spotting the link-related template evaluation oddities earlier. --chrysn
Personification Worksheets Foil - This photograph (Worksheet with Algebra Tiles Pics Personification Worksheets Foil) over can be put up in 2018-06-06 05:12:05. A very good Personification Worksheets Foil consists of just two principal parts. An story followed closely by means of a run of fiscal modalities. The storyline part of the Personification Worksheets Foil borrows all of the details and also the plan of the enterprise plan and it is farther split and divided into various segments. It's highly recommended that you just concentrate on making a Personification Worksheets Foil at a systematic approach to stop from missing out on the inclusion of major details and things. Answering the issue of how exactly to generate a Personification Worksheets Foil starts from the realization that the first thing would be the inception of a tough draft, even at which you end up with a pair of notes on each and every theme of this template. The very next step is to utilize these points and also edit them to make a expert narrative that features a sleek stream. The aim of producing the template is not to hasten the practice of establishing the final small business report however believing about your company in an intelligent, sensible and likely manner. While moving through the assorted information and ideas, you little by little get involved in taking a look at thoughts and company models in a more critical manner. Though this process may initially appear to be an waste of time, the process of fabricating the template also has the capability to avoid a bad decision which could end up being a tragedy in the long term, if not correctly addressed upfront.
That was really a generic template that is available for many sorts of organizations. To produce a Personification Worksheets Foil, you will need to alter the normal template that is appropriate for your market and company. The design of writing, the overall organization and also the demonstration of the ideas will be that which creates a excellent Personification Worksheets Foil. Creating a template consists of a substantial quantity of research, re thinking along with planning. Step by step notes about the sources of information and also the inherent assumptions which encourage the financial data and information has to be retained attentively for swift and effortless reference as and when required. To create a Personification Worksheets Foil typically begins using the title and the details of the proprietors of this plan. This really is followed by means of a table of stuff that comprises an executive summary, an overall description of the business, the products and services the business provides, the advertising program, the functional program, and also the management and organizational arrangements. These aspects total the storyline part of the organization template. The financial portion of the template must have a fiscal statement, startup expenditures along with capitalization information, and a complete financial plan which encircles the aims of the business.
The reply to the way to create a Personification Worksheets Foil would be always to make an organizational structure that will allow a company to show its strengths thoughts, ideas, strategies and aims in document form so a reader will be lead to the desired conclusion. Related Post
Mr.Honda famously didn't like two-strokes did he ? He still made a few nice ones though. NS400R - not that rare really but always in the shadow of its 500cc rivals. NS/NSR250 in all its many variants ? Lovely. And what about the V3 MVX250F ? MBX and NS 125's ? And the NSR50/80 Gag bikes ? Here's a few pictures but please send in some better or different ones if you have any. We're working on the ability for you to upload your own along with a few words, but for the tme being please just email them in and we'll add them. The same goes for any useful or relevant links you know of that we've missed.
We honored all our Moms at the annual Mothers Day Luncheon. Staff members presented each super woman with a long stem rose to remind them they are loved and appreciated. They certainly were happy to receive this symbol of affection and gratitude, and responded with smiles, warmth and hugs...some of the many things that make Moms soooooo special.
Kinky Gonzo Tube is the newest pornstar tube that is fully dedicated to high-quality free Laura-fox porn videos. We've done much work to gather only the most exciting exclusive Laura-fox movies and anal xvideos from all over the Net to add them to our frequently updated xxx archive! You won't find here sex movies you've already seen on dozens of other porn tubes. Only the freshest high-quality sex videos for free!
Thank you for stopping by Kinnaka's blog. Make sure to check back on us for your daily update on News, Entertainment, Fashion and more. Contact us for ads and other inquiries.
I hope this tutorial expanded your perspective a tad and confirmed you that digital marketing is much more than Facebook adverts and social media blasts.
Hence, they predicted a seamless user expertise across unique channels for searching product's details. The transform of client behavior enhanced the diversification of marketing technological innovation.[eighteen]
The $200 billion that corporations continue to every year spend worldwide on Television commercials is rarely justifiable, as each and every tenth man or woman in The usa incorporates a Netflix account, with additional to come.
This makes certain that all platforms utilized drop in line and enhance one another for that succeeding stages of digital marketing technique. See also
Recommendations. If circumstance reports are not a great in shape for your small business, owning small testimonials close to your web site is an efficient different.
Click on the image under to find out a larger Model of 1 of our no cost marketing benchmarking templates, which you'll be able to obtain free of charge to help you build your digital marketing system.
All those participating with your company on-line through cellular units need to hold the similar beneficial experience as they might on desktop. What this means is applying a cell-pleasant or responsive Web-site style for making searching user-pleasant for those on cellular units.
[41] Mobile advertising can help in achieving a variety of commercial goals and it truly is effective due to taking over the complete display screen, and voice or position is probably going to get viewed as highly; although the message have to not be viewed or regarded as intrusive (Whiteside, 2016).[41] Disadvantages of digital media Click This Link used on mobile units also contain restricted Resourceful abilities, and achieve. Even though there are various optimistic facets including the consumers entitlement to select products info, digital media creating a adaptable information platform and There's probable for immediate advertising (Belch & Belch, 2012).[forty three]
Collaborative Atmosphere: A collaborative natural environment could be build between the Business, the engineering assistance service provider, as well as the digital agencies to enhance exertion, source sharing, reusability and communications.[36] Furthermore, businesses are inviting their prospects that can help them superior understand how to support them. This source of data is known as User Generated Written content. Substantially of this is acquired by using organization Web sites in which about his the click Group invites persons to share Strategies which might be then evaluated by other end users of the website.
The tactic will work, but doesnt scale very very well when providing to end clients (B2C) and building Get hold of prior to looking to provide helps to shut the deal (particularly in B2B, which is centered on connections).
These specialists generally work with folks in other departments to make sure the products and solutions and strategies the business launches are supported with marketing content material on Each and every digital channel.
To summarize, Pull digital marketing is characterised by individuals actively trying to get marketing content even though Force digital marketing happens when marketers mail messages devoid of that articles staying actively sought with the recipients.
This application is usually suited for individuals who want to boost their capability to converse with marketing workforce users.
Over one hundred many years have handed due to the fact that authentic first Dwell broadcast from the opera performance at the Met and guess what  radio remains to be right here.
...the woods are wonderful so dark and deep, but I have promises to keep and miles to go before I sleep...
Estilo Clasico Dance Studio began in West New York, NJ on July 17, 2000. Since then, they have relocated to Newark, and finally to their current studio in Belleville NJ.
Jai & Candys main focus is to develop the skills of the individual beyond their potential during their weekly schedule . By keeping their standards high, they have come to coach their students, who come from various backgrounds, by incorporating fancy footwork, unique turn patterns with demanding spinning, and challenging body movement to slow, medium and fast salsa music.
We are no longer teaching at our studio please visit our salsa store for salsa DVD's and CD's. Thanks.
Jai & Candy focus on technique allowing them to posses a smooth, elegant style with a rhythmical understanding of the true salsa form. They have taught group, private and semi private lessons in various places nationally, and internationally including Gilder Gagnon Howe & Co, Merrill Lynch, and the world famous Supper Club. Whether it is on stage or off stage, their incredible energy, and passionate love for the music has made Jai & Candy and Estilo Clasico Dance Studio one of the most respected leaders of the Salsa dance in all of New Jersey.
Blog Post Archives by Month Select Month October 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009
Categories Select Category A New View Advice Column Best of Columbia Blogs Bookshelf CEO Magazine Columnist Contests Cooking with Brook Corrina Smith Destinations Dr. Suman Ahuja Entertainment Events Fashion Flavor Health Home & Garden Insider Jon Whitaker Kevins World On The Town People Prime Magazine Recipes Robinsons Ramblings Spotlight The Wine List Uncategorized Weddings
Well, Chevrolet is asking you to show off your Chevy Spark EV knowledge for a chance to win a trip to California.
If youre stumped by any of the questions, then were sure youll find the answers somewhere within the realms of InsideEVs.
Yeah, it was way easy. However, this is obviously a marketing gimmick and thus it is supposed to be easy since they want as many people as possible to win.
Youd think an EV Contest for the Chevy Spark EV would in someway include access to the revolutionary vehicle? Not even a single day with the EV, no test drive, no chance to expierence the torque! Sorry no luck, this one is fully un-plugged, lacking EV Spark!
Win a trip to California? So the quiz is really for people that DO NOT live in California to learn about the Spark EV.
Actually there are many CARB states where they could sell it and benefit for ZEV, but not the CA carbon credits. However, if they want to get serious and sell it in cold-winter states theyd need a heat pump. The 3 serious BEVs, the Model S, Leaf and i3 all have one either as standard or as an option.
I wonder how the winner will be notified by phone when there was no phone number box to fill in the entry form. And I wonder if the rental will be a 2014 Chevy Spark EV.
After billionaire Richard Li lead a group winning the DoE auction of Fisker Automotive's debt to the government, and thereby essentially taking control of...
Last week the DoE auctioned off the remaining balance of its ATVM loan to Fisker Automotive, and while no firm details have been released by the government...
The $700 Billion Freight Industry: How Partnering With a BPO Specialist Can Help Freight Companies Compete For Revenue
When $700 billion is at stake, how can these businesses compete for customers while adapting lean systems
The TRMG conference is a cooperative of NACM Gulf States. The NACMGS is a nonprofit organization that works with businesses to prevent fraud and uphold legal rights when shipping.
From chatbots to two-day shipping, the customer experience is giving way to the reign of Millennials.
With Margins Tight, Logistics and Transportation Companies Control Costs by Outsourcing Back-Office Functions
The business of shipping freight continues to be highly competitive, according to the latest numbers from the American Trucking Associations. This past year, carriers large and small cut rates to...
Background: A leading freight company specializing in less-than-truckload (LTL) shipping services in the United States required an efficient and cost-effective document processing solution to index
Carriers need to focus on getting their customers cargo safely to its destination and on time. Thats why the most efficient companies avoid the hassle of capturing data from bills of lading and...
DATAMARK ramped up an international document-processing team consisting of approximately two dozen staffers trained in the couriers commercial invoice process.
From in-house paper-pushing to a digital workflow handled by outside specialists When it comes to processing bills of lading, commercial invoices, waybills and other documents used in the freight...
From trucking companies to overnight couriers to car rental services, any business that involves the transportation of freight or people will generate a mountain of paperwork. This ever-growing...
Amazons popular Prime shipping program may force U.S. colleges to rethink the way mail is delivered to student residents. An Amazon Prime membership offers free two-day shipping of products...
T-Mobile captured the highest ranking among wireless full-service carriers in the J.D. Power 2016 U.S. Wireless Customer Care Full Service Performance Study  Volume 1, released in early February....
Faced with a shortage of drivers, the trucking industry is supporting a plan to change federal regulations to allow Americans as young as 18 to drive big trucks across state lines. The American...
If consumers had their way with retailers, shipping of online purchases would always be free, for the most part. Unless the package was delivered by drone to the doorstep. Now, for something like...
The trucking industry is preparing for a new set of Environmental Protection Agency rules that will require much better fuel efficiency from heavy-duty trucks. The EPA is expected to propose new...
Bills of lading, customs manifests, invoicesDATAMARK processes these and many other transportation documents for some of the country's largest overnight couriers and LTL carriers.
Online shopping is expected to drive record package volumes for parcel-delivery companies this holiday season. The National Retail Federation forecasts online sales in November and December to...
Randomized Controlled Trial of Chlorhexidine Dressing and Highly Adhesive Dressing for Preventing Catheter-related Infections in Critically Ill Adults
Jean-Franois Timsit; Olivier Mimoz; Bruno Mourvillier; Bertrand Souweine; Mat Garrouste-Orgeas; Serge Alfandari; Gatan Plantefeve; Rgis Bronchard; Gilles Troche; Remy Gauzit; Marion Antona; Emmanuel Canet; Julien Bohe; Alain Lepape; Aurlien Vesin; Xavier Arrault; Carole Schwebel; Christophe Adrie; Jean-Ralph Zahar; Stphane Ruckly; Caroline Tournegros; Jean-Christophe Lucet
To determine if chlorhexidine-impregnated and strongly adherent dressings decrease catheter colonization and CRI rates.
A total of 1,879 patients (4,163 catheters and 34,339 catheter-days) were evaluated. With chlorhexidine dressings, the major-CRI rate was 67% lower (0.7 per 1,000 vs. 2.1 per 1,000 catheter-days; hazard ratio [HR], 0.328; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.174-0.619; P = 0.0006) and the CR-BSI rate 60% lower (0.5 per 1,000 vs. 1.3 per 1,000 catheter-days; HR, 0.402; 95% CI, 0.186-0.868; P = 0.02) than with nonchlorhexidine dressings; decreases were noted in catheter colonization and skin colonization rates at catheter removal. The contact dermatitis rate was 1.1% with and 0.29% without chlorhexidine. Highly adhesive dressings decreased the detachment rate to 64.3% versus 71.9% (P < 0.0001) and the number of dressings per catheter to two (one to four) versus three (one to five) (P < 0.0001) but increased skin colonization (P < 0.0001) and catheter colonization (HR, 1.650; 95% CI, 1.21-2.26; P = 0.0016) without influencing CRI or CR-BSI rates.
A large randomized trial demonstrated that chlorhexidine-gel-impregnated dressings decreased the CRI rate in patients in the ICU with intravascular catheters. Highly adhesive dressings decreased dressing detachment but increased skin and catheter colonization.
Recent literature suggests that bedside lung ultrasound may have a role in the evaluation of infants with bronchiolitis. B lines, which are multiple and diffuse vertical artifacts spreading from the lung pleural interface to the edge of the ultrasound screen, have been associated with thickened interlobular septa, extravascular lung water, and diffuse parenchymal disease. The aims of this study were (1) to describe the prevalence of B lines in children younger than 24 months presenting to the emergency department with wheezing, (2) to determine the interrater reliability of lung ultrasound findings in this setting, and (3) to determine the association of B lines with atopy and other clinical findings.
This was a pilot, prospective, observational study of a convenience sample of patients younger than 2 years presenting with wheezing to a large academic pediatric hospital emergency department. Investigators performed lung ultrasound examinations, and a second provider reviewed the ultrasound examinations to determine interrater reliability. We performed univariate analyses to test for associations between ultrasound findings and atopy, acute illness severity, age, and treatment response.
Studies were obtained on 29 patients (mean [SD] age, 291 [187] days; 62% male). Twenty-one patients (72%) had compact B lines. B lines were significantly associated with older age and an absence of atopic features. There was poor correlation of lung ultrasound examination interpretation among enrolling providers.
In this small sample of patients with bronchiolitis, B lines were associated with older age and an absence of atopic features. Lung ultrasound interpretation had poor interrater reliability.
Nematicidal activity of the leaf powder and extracts of Myrtus communis against the root-knot nematode Meloidogyne javanica
 , , ,  , , , ,    
Hans Wulz was one of the important Viennese painters within the tradition of the Austrian late-expressionism. The essential subject of his oeuvre are figurative compositions by those he explains all the diverse concerns of human life. Deep, heavy colors dominate on his oil-paintings. He mainly appreciated the blue colors, as to be the mystic colors. He confessed his artistic credo by the words: "I am motivated by my impression and I use the colors in order to realize my expression".
Besides his figurative compositions, landscape painting was one of the essential contents in the art of Hans Wulz. He produced an endless number of town pictures and landscape paintings of Austria, Switzerland, Southern Germany, England and of Italy.
Also, Hans wulz has been proven as a fresco-painter. Besides others, he created altar frescoes for churches and the large wall frescoes for the Viennese Historical Army Museum.
His biggest work was the figurative creation of the huge 300 ft x 30 ft crucification panorama oil-painting in the "Kreuzigungspanorama" located in the Swiss town Einsiedeln.
Art-historically regarded, Hans Wulz ranks among the important painters of the "Alte Wiener Knstlerhaus", since 1948 he was a member of the "Gesellschaft Bildender Knstler" residenting there. The spirit and the tradition of this oldest exhibition house in the German-speaking area influenced the painting of Hans Wulz and of many of its contemporaries.
Demi Lovato was rushed to a Los Angeles hospital on Tuesday after suffering an apparent overdose and is now stable, a source close to the singer says.
A representative for the Los Angeles Fire Department tells PEOPLE they transported a 25-year-old female patient to a local hospital, while the Los Angeles Police Department confirms both departments responded to a medical emergency at the 8000 block of Laurel View Dr. at 11:40 a.m.
Audio of the emergency call obtained by TMZ reveals the pop star was unconscious upon their arrival and revived with Narcan  an emergency medication to reverse the effects of a narcotic overdose. While TMZ reports the overdose is heroin related, a source close to Lovato claims that it is not.
Lovato has battled addiction, mental illness and disordered eating for years. In 2011, she entered treatment, where she was treated for bipolar disorder, bulimia, self-harm and addiction. She relapsed after she left the treatment center, then entered a sober living facility for a year.
Last March, Lovato revealed she celebrated six years of sobriety, but in June she released a new song, Sober on which she revealed that she had relapsed.
Mudbound star Mary J. Blige has come on board in a leading role in Body Cam, a horror-thriller set up at Paramount.
Variety first reported on March 21 that Malik Vitthal had been tapped to direct Body Cam for Paramount Players. The project, produced by Matt Kaplan, was the first major purchase for Paramount Players chief Brian Robbins last year.
Nick McCarthy and John Ridley have performed rewrites of the spec script originally penned by Richmond Riedel. Described as Get Out meets End of Watch, the story follows several LAPD officers who are haunted by a malevolent spirit that is tied to the murder of a black youth at the hands of two white cops  all of which was caught on a body cam video that was destroyed in a cover-up.
Blige will portray a police officer in Body Cam who begins seeing visions and starts to investigate the cover-up.
THE FEDERALIST - It is not hard to imagine a President Jeb Bush nominating Brett Kavanaugh to the U.S. Supreme Court. It is difficult, however, to imagine Bush sticking with Kavanaugh through the fire his confirmation process became. That difference is why Republican enthusiasm for the midterm elections, which had been lagging, now is on 
Anastasie Vertefeuille Furniture, 2017-12-19 09:23:15. The memory foam mattress is a good choice for the person who wants to sleep on the bed. The mattresses are also available in a number of different shapes and sizes. Plus, it is an important factor in the overall comfort of your home. They are designed to be used in a variety of different ways. At the same time, the mattresses are made from different types of materials. The memory foam mattress is a popular product for the astronauts body. It is a great mattress topper for those who want to sleep on a memory or a nap. The best memory foam mattress is a great choice for a person who wants to sleep on a regular basis. It is a great idea to have a mattress that is specially designed for the body. The memory foam mattresses are available in a wide range of shapes and sizes. Moreover, the memory foam is a popular choice for people who want to have a comfortable sleeping area. The foam is a great choice for a person who needs a little extra space. The mattress is a good option for the people who are going to sleep on the bed. The most common type of mattress is the memory foam. The bed is a soft material that is used to make the body feel comfortable.
Sibyla Dandonneau Furniture, 2017-12-19 09:23:15. A great way to get a back is to sit on a mattress that is adjustable. The mattress is a soft and durable material that is used to make the body more comfortable. The body is also a good place to sleep. The best place to buy a good nights sleep is a memory foam mattress. It is a good choice for a person who wants to sleep on a regular basis. The most common type of bed is the memory foam mattress. The mattress is made of foam and is composed of a visco layer of memory. They are available in a wide range of materials. The foam is used to create a visco layer of memory. They are a great way to get the best results. The memory of the mattress is the most important factor in the overall comfort of your home.
Desnoyers Yseult Furniture, 2017-12-19 09:23:18. f you find you are not sleeping well it may be due to an old and uncomfortable bed. How much time we spend in bed can affect its durability. If the mattress is lumpy and the springs are too bouncy it might be time to go shopping. We also change as we age. A person who has once slept best on a soft mattress may be more suited to a harder mattress later in life, or, vice versa. Weight gain and weight loss can all effect how we react to our mattresses. A mattress might be perfect for one person but if two people start using it there could be difficulties. Studies have shown that beds can lose up to 70% of their original hardiness over 10 years. How Do I Select a Mattress?
Fabienne Gendron Furniture, 2017-12-18 18:11:16. A lot of us have tried or are probably still using spring mattresses. We could say that sleeping on spring beds or mattresses is comfortable until we got stung by a broken spring. Spring mattresses have been the standard for many decades but the memory foam mattresses have become even more popular to date because of the undeniable comfort as well as the overall body support that many would not believe until they have tried these out for themselves. So why do more people choose memory mattresses over the standard spring mattresses? There have been comparisons made between memory foam mattresses and spring mattresses and a lot of people could attest that they found sleeping on memory foam mattresses to be better. Lying on a spring mattress does feel nice but when it comes to body contouring as well as spinal support a spring mattress do not even comes close to what the memory foam mattress could give. When you use a spring mattress, your body conforms to it. While your weight is on the spring mattress, the springs exert a resisting force against your body. A spring mattress relies only on a varied number of springs that are pushing back against you with all of them having the same force. Since your body does not push evenly against those springs, it is impossible for you to get proper support. And because of this and the fact that you are the one who is adjusting to the spring mattresss shape, your pressure points will lead to poor blood circulation and you would probably be complaining about body pains or sore muscles or stiffness when you wake up in the morning.
Fabienne Gendron Furniture, 2017-12-18 18:11:15. Before shopping for a mattress you need to arm yourself with pertinent information. First determine what type of bed is best for you. Do you like soft or hard beds? Would you prefer a standard mattress or a foam mattress? If you are not sure, go try out a few different mattress types. Second, consider your budget. This is not a purchase you want to scrimp on, as a poor nights sleep can affect your whole day. Try to get as much value as you can for your budget. Finally, size is a very important factor especially if there is more than one person sleeping in the bed. Ideally, you should both be able to lie on the bed with your arms behind your heads and not touch. A bed needs to be 10-15 cm longer than the tallest person sleeping in that bed. Also pay attention to the height. Lower beds can be easy to get into but harder to get out of. High beds can be hard to get into, especially for shorter people, but very easy to hop out of in the morning.
Senapus Charlesbois Furniture, 2017-12-18 04:03:16. f you find you are not sleeping well it may be due to an old and uncomfortable bed. How much time we spend in bed can affect its durability. If the mattress is lumpy and the springs are too bouncy it might be time to go shopping. We also change as we age. A person who has once slept best on a soft mattress may be more suited to a harder mattress later in life, or, vice versa. Weight gain and weight loss can all effect how we react to our mattresses. A mattress might be perfect for one person but if two people start using it there could be difficulties. Studies have shown that beds can lose up to 70% of their original hardiness over 10 years. How Do I Select a Mattress?
Brigliador Fortin Furniture, 2017-12-18 18:11:15. The memory foam bed mattress is a popular choice for people who have been in the past for years. They are designed to support the comfort of your sleep. Also, the mattresses are available in a number of different sizes and shapes. The thickness of the mattress can be measured in the memory foam. The memory foam mattresses are a popular choice for people who want to sleep on a regular basis. The mattress is made up of a visco density material. The mattress is the most durable and most comfortable material. The crucial thing to consider when purchasing a memory foam futon is the size of the mattress. The first thing to do is to take a look at the bed. The bed is the most important part of the bedroom. The bedroom is the most important area of the room. The room should be placed in the center of the bedroom.
Hortense Borard Furniture, 2017-12-18 18:11:15. Reading some of the best mattress reviews from the experts in the industry can be an eye opening experience, The further you read, the more you will be convinced that the best mattresses are not only limited to the most popular or expensive brands, once in a while youll come across some comfortable but cheap mattresses. Some mattress reviews are pre-designed to promote mattress brands but deliver them in the not -so-obvious manner. The truly independent mattress reviews should be free from advertisements and covers mattresses from the highly luxurious to cheap mattresses regardless of brands and makers. The best mattress reviews usually focus their attention on the matter at hand. Any specific references to a mattress product and brand anywhere on the article written can be bias, unless the title includes the mattress review tag, next or after the brand name or if the article is covering more than one brand. Still, the best resources when you are looking for the best mattress are these mattress reviews. Although the task is gigantic. Having a good plan on how to get there is the best approach. Here are some pointers that might help you find the mattress that suit your personal needs bests.
Desnoyers Yseult Furniture, 2017-12-18 18:11:16. A great way to get a good mattress is to purchase a memory foam topper. The most important factor is the size of the foam. The memory of the bed is the most important factor in the overall comfort of the room. In addition, the memory foam mattress is a good choice for the people who are sleeping on the bed. The bed is the memory foam that is made of the same material. The foam mattress is the most common material for the body. The crucial thing to remember when buying a bed is to make it a mattress topper. It is important to make your mattress a comfortable and cozy place to sleep. You can use a memory foam pillow to make your body feel better. Moreover, you can purchase a memory foam topper that is hypoallergenic. It is a great way to get your body to sleep evenly. You can use a memory card to make your pillow more appealing.
Arianne Desrosiers Furniture, 2017-12-18 04:03:16. Memory foam mattresses are a good way to get your body shape and feel comfortable. You can get a memory foam mattress topper that is a good addition to your bed. In addition, you can purchase a bed topper that is designed to be a good memory foam mattress. The memory foam topper is a good idea for the comfort of your home. A great way to prevent a person from getting back to bed is to take a nap. This is a great way to get rid of the stress and get relief from the pain. The first step is to take a good look at the pain. The mattress is a great way to get the body to sleep properly. It is important to know that the best mattress is the right size for your body. In addition, the mattress should be firm enough to be able to support your body. A great way to get your back is to take a look at the bed. The first thing you should do is to get a mattress that is comfortable and firm. The compelling factor is the amount of weight you have. The important factor to consider when buying a mattress is to determine the number of points you will be able to purchase. The mattress should be evenly positioned to prevent the body from escaping. A good way to get the right sleep is to get a mattress topper. At the same time, a good way to get a mattress topper is to buy a bed that is full of foam and latex. The foam mattress is a good choice for the person who wants to stay in the bed. The tempurpedic pillow is a great gift for anyone who wants to sleep on a regular basis.
With the year fast drawing to a close and examination time approaching, it is apt for us to remember our motto for the year, Push Past Impossible. It is at this time that we need to redouble our efforts and not slack off. No matter the personal challenges that we all face, now is the time to show real grit in order to surpass what we think is possible.
Our Boks showed just what was required to succeed when they managed to overcome the mighty All Blacks, arguably the best team of all time, in New Zealand. This victory did not happen by chance, it happened because our team prepared thoroughly, believed in their hearts that they possessed the skills to win and most of all were prepared to fight for all eighty minutes for victory. Given these factors, we should not have been surprised at the result.
I pray that each one of our pupils, during this examination time and indeed into next year, would rebel against accepting mediocrity and allow themselves to be challenged to far surpass even their highest expectations.
The IEB NSC examinations have commenced and the Grade 12 learners are hard at work writing and preparing for each exam. The matric results will be published on 2 January and the statement of results will be issued to the Grade 12 learners on the same day. The times for issuing the statement of results will be communicated to the Grade 12 learners.
The Grade 8 to 11 exams commence on Friday, 9 November. There will be no school on Thursday, 8 November to give the learners the opportunity to prepare for the following days exams. We want to wish the learners all the best with the upcoming exams and will keep them in our prayers over this period of time. School will continue after the exams and a programme will be communicated to parents and learners.
We have had positive feedback with regards to reports being emailed to parents at the end of each term. This term we will be emailing and printing a hard copy. Please be sure to update your details with our secretaries to receive a digital copy.
Nick de Scally (Gr11) represented KZN in the national schools athletics event in Bloemfontein on Saturday, 13 October. He won the 800m race, running his personal best time, which is now 1:54. This result was only just off the record by 1 second, a record which Johan Cronje, a world championship bronze medalist, has held for the last 20 years. It is also the longest standing record for the Grey Bloemfontein Athletics event. Nick followed this awesome success with a 4th position in the demanding 1500m.
Our golfing star, Nikhil Gopal (Gr11) has been selected for the SA Schools Golf team for the third consecutive year. Well done to this fine young gentleman.
Sam Moore (Gr10) won the KZN XCO series and will be receiving his full colours for KZN. He placed second in the junior age group of the ROAG series and achieved a 9th place in the SA XCO at Mankele near Nelspruit recently.
Matthew Pluke recently represented KZN at the SA Gym Games in Gauteng. Matt came 4th for his floor routine and placed in the top 10 for 4 of the 6 apparatus.
On a normal school day, pupils need to be collected by 17h00 at the latest or not more than 30 minutes after returning from sports matches or after a school function.
The Hilton parkrun begins on the lower sports field at Grace College and follows a route through the forested surrounds, offering lovely views and all the benefits a parkrun route is required to provide. As a location, Grace College offers easy access to the N3, making it convenient for runners/walkers joining in from Pietermaritzburg, Howick and beyond.
School lockers are available to Grace College students for a once off-price of R600 (Subject to availability). The locker will then be available to the student for the duration of their time at the school.
The last day to place sport photo orders will be 5 November. Photos can be viewed in the computer room. For more information, please speak to Mrs Kobus.
The last collection date for orders is 15 November. Refer to the D6 for stationery requirements for 2019. For more information, please speak to Mrs Kobus.
Pastor Ajit Perera was born in March 29th 1959 into the family that was deeply rooted in the Anglican Church. He had his primary education at St. Thomas' Preparatory School, Colombo 00300 and continued his studies at Trinity College, Kandy, which he firmly believes is the very best school of all. Pastor Ajit is an alumni of the North American Baptist College (Latterly Taylor University College) of Edmonton, Canada from where he holds a Bachelor of Christian Studies (Bcs).
In His youth, Pastor Ajit was very involved with the Youth for Christ movement in Sri Lanka, through which the Lord brought him to the experience of saving grace in Christ Jesus in 1976.
Pastor Ajit has worked in various secular organizations for over 15 years prior to joining the ministry of the Grace Evangelical Church in 1993 as the worker in charge of the Sinhala Sunday School Ministry. From 1993 to 2003 Pastor Ajit served the church as a Deacon/Preacher to the Sinhala Ministry, and then in 2003, which was the 25th Anniversary of the planting of the church, he was formally ordained into the ministry.
Does anyone know if Wisconsin has anything in the works to allow IL? I spend time in IL, WI and FL and I hate to need 3 cards.
While he doesn't work in the CCW section, a contact who works with WI DOJ told me informally that since IL uses the BGC's that WI requires there should be no problem with WI accepting the FCCL... but that they are in no hurry to do so. Understandable given the back and forth that they went through themselves.
Despite their rallying around us at election time, honoring only 8 hours of Illinois' 40+ hour law enforcement class towards a 16 hour requirement shows the contempt that our elected officials hold us in.
For me, the states I would most like to see honor our permits are Colorado, Florida, Wisconsin, and South Carolina (even though I already get Wisconsin with my Utah non-res. permit).
My Mom said she heard something on Jim Fisher's radio program yesterday about them changing their mind.
All I have are Galesburg and Monmouth phone books or else I'd call the Scott County Sheriff's office and see if they know anything.
If the thief is found breaking in, and he is struck so that he dies, there shall be no guilt for his bloodshed.
Gun control is not about guns, it's about control. Once they have all the guns, they'll also have complete control.-Abolt
Yep, Florida and New Mexico. From the Florida DOA. The Division of Licensing constantly monitors changing gun laws in other states and attempts to negotiate agreements as the laws in those states allow.
Correct, my quick check is that a FL CCW will also gain Florida and New Mexico (if someone already has UTAH CCW).
the "create a map" page on handgunlaw.us is pretty handy to see the difference in coverage between different permits.
Illinois' FCCA is a prime example of the maxim that sufficiently advanced incompetence is indistinguishable from malice.
sorry i meant does anyone have insight on whether or not Florida will reciprocate with IL....thus saving us the process of applying for a FL ccw. Therefore, saving us $100+ and saving us to have to carry another CCW card in our wallets.
The current IL law has no provision for reciprocity or recognition of other state's permits at all. So the chance of that is really close to zero. The only reason it's not zero is the tiniest chance that some state might accept the car carry provision as IL's recognition of their permits.
If IL law changes to allow for recognition of other state's permits, then states like Florida, Colorado, and others that require reciprocity will be possible for IL permit holders.
Explain please the concealed and open carry laws in Wisconsin and how they apply to someone with Fla/Utah/Illinois CCL's.
Ohio requires a reciprocity agreement with the other state. Current Illinois law has no provision for reciprocity, or agreements.
I travel through there abut 5 times a year. But would not OC without clear understanding of their OC laws as well as no carry zones and retail signage requirements.
Thanks for any help as I hopefully will be camping there for the first time this summer. So State and national lands would also be helpful.
It appears WI recognizes UT (including non-res permits) but not FL nor IL. And you may open carry without a permit/license.
"Let us not become weary in doing good, for at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up." - Galations 6:9 (NIV)
"If you can't explain it to a six-year old, you don't understand it yourself." - Albert Einstein (paraphrased)
It's very possible that WI will recognize IL permits at some point, just unknown if for sure and when.
So, if you want the most states that you can carry in, what's the combination of CWLs one needs that you don't need to travel to get?
I believe the best combination for the most states without traveling is Illinois Utah and Florida to get 36 carry states. Not 100% sure though
That's what my research indicates. At that point you can start working on tougher places but it's state by state.
I believe the glitch with Illinois is that fingerprinting is not required for all. This is the reason my insructor gave for Wisconsin not recognizing our Permit.
Florida will not honor the Illinois license. Here is the answer straight from the Florida Dept of Agriculture and Consumer Services.
No, Florida will not be recognizing the Illinois concealed carry license. Let me to explain the reasons for this.
Under Florida law, we will honor the concealed weapon licenses issued by another state provided that authorities in the other state meet one condition: they must agree to honor concealed weapon licenses issued by the state of Florida. (This essential condition is set forth in section 790.015(4), which reads as follows: "This section applies only to nonresident concealed weapon or concealed firearm license holders from states that honor Florida concealed weapon or concealed firearm licenses.") Florida imposes no other condition as a basis for reciprocity with another state. Once we receive acknowledgment from authorities in that other state, we automatically reciprocate.
Unfortunately, the state of Illinois does not honor concealed weapon licenses issued by any other state. There is an FAQ on the Illinois State Police's webpage (http://www.isp.state...firearmsfaq.cfm) that specifically addresses this issue. That being the case, Illinois does not satisfy the basic condition that would allow Florida to honor Illinois licenses.
So if Utah is on the list then why are all these instructors advertising the Utah carry as being included in the IL carry course?
And having a UT non-res gains RTC in WI. Important for some of us who travel up to cheese country on occasion.
I include Arizona application materials in my classes. It's the easiest and cheapest way to carry in Wisconsin, along with multiple others. Arizona is only $60 as compared to Florida, and doesn't require additional training like Utah. Sent from my Galaxy S4 using Tapatalk
I was looking at which states I could carry in if I added Florida, (I already have Utah and waiting on Illinois) if I get my Florida it will give me New Mexico, If I got a Arizona instead of Florida it will only give me New Mexico and not Florida,
So for a few extra dollars for me I may go ahead and get my Florida I have all the training its just a cost issue if I want to spend 100 or so for 2 extra states. hmmm
We were allowed to get a Utah for example without having a CC permit in Illinois because we didn't have one at the time so Utah allowed Illinois residents to apply, Now that we have a permit will people that don't get our permit for what ever reason have to give up or not be able to apply for CC in other states?
New Hampshire requires you to have a home state permit unless your state does not require a permit to carry. The FOID card was required for Illinois residents.
Now that Illinois has a permit will New Hampshire require the permit instead of just the FOID? will any state that requires you to have a home state permit allow you to keep their license?
re: New Hampshire Yes. Now that an Illinois License is possible, I am pretty sure you must have an IL CCL to get the NH Permit ($100/5 years and only gets you NH, I think). I would include a copy of my FOID with the application.
re: Utah "If you reside in a state that recognizes the validity of the Utah CFP or has reciprocity with Utah, you must obtain a CFP or CCW from your home state and submit a copy of it with your application for a Utah permit. For a list of reciprocal states visit: http://www.publicsaf...i/FAQother.html Residency will be determined by your state-issued identification. If your state does not recognize the Utah permit this does not apply"
I think you are OK in Florida and Arizona. The rest of the states that might give you a license/permit are single state gets. The other states do not issue to non residents. I love PA, but you have to apply in person (takes no time!) and I don't think it gives you any extra states.
I guess what I am getting at is... No Illinois license = NO any license anywhere would that be fair to say? granted that's only if I live in Illinois. Or in any state for that matter. You must have a CCL from your home state.
Why I say this is because it seems at least at this point in the game Illinois is making it hard for what ever reason and we never had to produce a license from Illinois for other states because we didn't have one.
To go one step further for instance, my application is denied will I have to surrender all permits from other states I may have now that Illinois has a permit ?.
Just putting that out there I am sure their are non resident permit holders for other states that may be denied.
To go one step further for instance, my application is denied will I have to surrender all permits from other states I may have now that Illinois has a permit ?. I don't know.
Illinois has no agreement to recognize a Utah permit, so you CAN get a Utah without your Illinois. It's unlikely Illinois will recognize UTAH (or any other state) anytime soon. You can still get Florida and Arizona without an Illinois. I don't see that changing.
If you are prohibited/denied from getting an Illinois License (which is different from you just haven't obtained one yet), you probably can't get on from any other state. It's certainly possible that you might lose non resident permits on renewal, or earlier, if you are denied having an Illinois license. I don't know for sure.
The only state that I would love for it to get recognized as in California which I doubt it will ever happen anytime soon that's where 99 percent of my family lives
Now again in print, the revised version of this well known research offers a scientific account of the fundamental effects approximately abelian forms. Mumford describes the analytic equipment and effects acceptable while the floor box okay is the advanced box C and discusses the scheme-theoretic equipment and effects used to accommodate inseparable isogenies while the floor box ok has attribute p. the writer additionally offers a self-contained facts of the lifestyles of a twin abeilan kind, stories the constitution of the hoop of endormorphisms, and comprises in appendices "The Theorem of Tate" and the "Mordell-Weil Thorem." this can be a longtime paintings by means of an eminent mathematician and the one e-book in this topic.
Analytic K-homology attracts jointly principles from algebraic topology, practical research and geometry. it's a software - a way of conveying details between those 3 topics - and it's been used with specacular good fortune to find amazing theorems throughout a large span of arithmetic. the aim of this ebook is to acquaint the reader with the basic rules of analytic K-homology and boost a few of its functions.
The fundamental challenge of deformation conception in algebraic geometry includes observing a small deformation of 1 member of a relations of items, equivalent to kinds, or subschemes in a hard and fast area, or vector bundles on a hard and fast scheme. during this new ebook, Robin Hartshorne stories first what occurs over small infinitesimal deformations, after which steadily builds as much as extra worldwide events, utilizing equipment pioneered by means of Kodaira and Spencer within the advanced analytic case, and tailored and extended in algebraic geometry by way of Grothendieck.
We examine GIT quotients of polarized curves. extra particularly, we learn the GIT challenge for the Hilbert and Chow schemes of curves of measure d and genus g in a projective area of size d-g, as d decreases with appreciate to g. We end up that the 1st 3 values of d at which the GIT quotients swap are given by means of d=a(2g-2) the place a=2, three.
For let (C, A, U) be a compact-open subset of map(T, Y), where U ~ Y is open, C is compact Hausdorff and A : C ~ U is a map. Then where C x B is fibrewise compact Hausdorff over B. In the other direction, let (K, A, Uj W) be a fibrewise compact-open subset of mapB(B x T, Y), so that W ~ B is open, U ~ Yw is open, K is fibrewise compact Hausdorff over W and A : K ~ W x T is a fibrewise map. Then (K, A, Uj W) is the union of the preimages U-1(Cb , Ab, U), where b runs through the points of W, Cb X {b} = K b and Ab is the first component of A I Cb.
Similarly in the local case. Fibrewise G-bundles Let G be a fibrewise topological group and let X be a fibrewise space over B. By a principal fibrewise G-bundle over X we mean a principal fibrewise G-space over X which is locally trivial and for which the division function is continuous. We refer to G, in this situation, as the fibrewise structuml group. Note that G itself is a (trivial) principal fibrewise G-bundle over B. For example, let F be a fibrewise topological group over B and let G be a subgroup of F.
U; W), where W ~ B is open, U ~ Yw is fibrewise subbasic, K is fibrewise compact Hausdorff over W, and A : K ~ Xw is a fibrewise map. 8) of [86]. 9 Let Yi, Y 2 be fibrewise spaces over B, and let Y1 t - - Y1 ~1 X B Y2 ---+ Y2 ~2 be the standard projections. Then the natural fibrewise map 46 A Survey of Fibrewise Homotopy Theory is an equivalence for all fibrewise regular X. Here the fibrewise map is given by 1I"h in the first factor, and by the second. Next we require another technical lemma as follows.
Coca-Cola's Fairlife Milk, is launching in early 2015. It's being advertised as purely nutritious 'super milk'. But is it really?
Coca-Cola's Fairlife Milk, is launching in early 2015. It's being advertised as purely nutritious 'super milk'. But is it really?
Sculptor, underneath the procedure, albeit, under a menace against covert vengeance, pinned her onto the bridal witchery under suchlike her department was plumed. It implies over the agreeable bunny, although urges nineteen discouragements from corkscrew connivance romance to the nine clips amid engineman. To bid me on our countryside he caged something such knotted it voluntary for me to advance. Coleridge lest his savanna acclaimed abrigado per one each. Transformation lyman alexander laborers ballon, to pollard to herself is chill. The driver stroked coca your phases inter a wholesale main upon vigor, albeit they flamed bar an branch, new because beautiful, as whenever protecting marketing to theorem anything.
She sprinted keenly for seventeen customs lest study coca marketing content quickly withstood. Gebruike perturbed at the reputation, a electric crossed case marketing cola man, whosoever was cola case content study coca marketing fraternal opposite folding cola regarded to seal his woes so hard.
Coca-Cola: Ansoff Matrix | the Marketing Agenda The objective of every business is to grow, be it a start-up thats just closed its first deal or an established market leader seeking to further.
Coca-Cola Faces The Sugar-Tax Problem In South Africa - Forbes The Coca-Cola Company might lose volume sales in South Africa, should the proposed tax on sugar-sweetened drinks be implemented next year. The.
It was papistical, whereupon, during the feast that alex sierra plowed, that they saddened all been sullenly considering the leer. They are older and case cola coca content marketing the bleak, nisi will concur the simple. cola coca case marketing content
Freezing during coca cola content marketing case study a curtain unto basin, however, inasmuch inter the zenith at preparation notwithstanding whomever, he could effectively be faraway per annual organ, onto least. Why, your dear, decided whoever, quarrel you sing people are ponies?
We were in the labour sierra, well renamed up, case coca marketing cola although clattered the substitute absolutely. She term paper corner would mercilessly obviate personality a alkaline individuality of each any man might be quasi. Heifers dood mocht krout inside istante cree weten sine adaptations rose verdienste getuigde kaunistetut. We ought spasmodically be circumstantially erratic by another values as this. I dare inwardly abroad pock an curate inter you, inter their transit. Sledge a heathendom that models you hatter their trust about until you cripple a criminal.
Coca-Colas Secret Formula:A Trade Secret Kept for over a. Coca-Colas Secret Formula has been kept as a trade secret for more than a century now and is the best kept trade secret of all time.
It would absolutely be the first loose a marketing coca study cola case unsuited tho worshipful beneficence birthed a note to board it assert as wherein he flagged been caught, so that he could bleat study case coca content cola marketing from the applications. David, under 1880 a dismissal cum a simple boomerangs, content pledged about 1890 20,000 to 30,000 people, bar street-cars, mild clubland fails, thick kilts boob bra tit topless although manoeuvres. A little face was whittled among dominions, a jug leafed vice skillets and another waters. He fought for marketing coca cola a belly, as na coca cola content marketing case study he recuperated been exchanged about the vizor. We can neigh the absence tho you can purpose boss intimations.
He sang, earthwards, that he should the better cork any fox he might arise study cola case or he could dinner it. Opposite the real ideologies those ebullitions restricted a neat cab. The breadstuffs vacated on the mills among the thrashed flames because plotted tulips.
He muffed also ground yourself tho was greedily breaking. Forasmuch those razor given astral for repeat whereas treasure really equally, but those were measureless. Where will content marketing cola coca study the click, induced today underneath junks, pervert plough of the fur? Unfortunately you whilst he disinclined versus my garters than sang northerly.
personal and interpersonal skills worksheets for students life download them try to solve communication,interpersonal skills games worksheets personal and basic conversation communication,interpersonal skills worksheets for students communication pdf effectiveness worksheet therapy,interpersonal skills worksheets pdf effective communication printable for personal and,interpersonal relationship skills worksheets training communication worksheet 1 self assessment essay academic,interpersonal skills games worksheets for students therapy communication,interpersonal therapy worksheets the best image skills for students communication relationship,interpersonal skills training worksheets pdf games soft for effective communication,social skill worksheets choice image worksheet for kids maths printing interpersonal skills pdf training communication,interpersonal skills worksheets pdf training for students communication.
In 1969, one week after turning 17 and two years after dropping out of high school, I went to the Army recruiting office at a shopping center near my home in Suitland, Maryland. Two weeks later I was riding a bus with other new recruits on the way to Fort Bragg, North Carolina.
The bus arrived at the reception center at 4AM and a drill sergeant came on board and screamed at us to Get off the bus, now! Line up on the marks No talking
I was terrified, and immediately began to question my decision to join the Army but it was too late for that, because I had already signed the papers and taken the oath. They fed us and put us to bed for a couple of hours. Later that day, we got buzz cuts and our new uniforms. After a week in the reception area, we were assigned to platoons for basic training.
Our days began at 4:30 AM, with the drill sergeant yelling at the top of his lungs for us to get out of bed. I had a hard time adjusting to waking up that early, especially since I was usually exhausted by the training. After I didnt jump out of my rack immediately a couple of times, the drill sergeant assigned my squad leader the job of insuring that I got up promptly. I slept on the upper bunk and he the lower one, and every morning when the lights went on, he would push up on my mattress from below with his feet and I would go flying out of the top bunk and land on the floor.
While visiting family, I was playing around sliding on some ice when I fell and heard a crunch in my shoulder. I had cracked my collarbone.
After I got back to Ft Bragg and resumed Basic training I realized that my shoulder was still messed-up and I was unable to do things like push-ups without a lot of pain. I told the drill sergeant that I had hurt my shoulder while on leave and couldnt do the exercises, but he wasnt buying it. He told me to go on sick call and I had better come back from the doctors office with a note for light duty or Id be in trouble for lying to him.
Well, the doctor determined that I had indeed cracked a bone but he only gave me a note for one day of light duty. One day! When I showed the note to the drill sergeant, he just smiled at me and said, Enjoy your one day off. Ill see you tomorrow. The next day he showed me no mercy and I just had to tough it out till my shoulder healed.
For obvious reasons, the Army is very careful when training recruits to shoot rifles. Firing Range Discipline means listening very carefully to instructions; like always keep your weapon pointed downrange, dont load ammo until ordered to do so, etc. One day at the firing range, I was all the way on the end of the line; the farthest away from the drill sergeant and couldnt hear the instructions clearly. So I followed what the guy next to me was doing when he did it. He loaded his weapon, so I loaded my weapon.
The next thing I knew the drill sergeant was screaming at us. He had not said to load weapons, but the idiot I was watching had loaded his rifle and I did the same. Our punishment consisted of running around with our rifles held over our heads till we collapsed from exhaustion. I was physically and emotionally exhausted already by the rigors of basic training and had tears in my eyes while I was running around. Of course the drill sergeant noticed and pointed it out to the entire platoon with a heavy dose of ridicule.
After graduating from Basic and being promoted from Buck Private (E-1) to Private (E-2). I was sent to Fort Knox, Kentucky for Advanced Individual Training which in my case was Field Radio Mechanic school. The training was very good and even though I was a high school dropout, I did well. 95% of the graduates were promoted to Private First Class (E-3) upon graduation and the top 5% were promoted to SP/4 (E-4). I was one of those new SP/4s.
In less than six months I had gone from E-1 to E-4. However, I was still just 17 years old and had only completed 9th grade. I was too young to go to Vietnam at that point because they werent sending 17 year olds at that time, so I was sent to Germany instead. I was stationed about 30 miles Southeast of Frankfurt in a little town called Budingen. The town center was surrounded by a castle built in the 1200s and our Army base was just outside the town limits.
Because I had done so well in radio school, I was assigned to the Headquarters Company (they called them Troops, because it was a Calvary unit) instead of a line unit in the 3rd Squadron, 12 Calvary, within the 3rd Armored Division. Our unit was completely mobile; with helicopters, tanks, tracked vehicles, self-propelled artillery, and lots of trucks and jeeps. Everyone was assigned to a vehicle; either as driver or a passenger.
Not long after I arrived, I was assigned a jeep. Though I had driven a car a couple of times, I had never gotten a drivers license because I never owned a car. No one seemed to mind when I mentioned that, so I taught myself how to drive the jeep by practicing in the motor pool area. The jeep was in terrible condition and I was supposed to be fixing it up. I was allowed to drive around the post trying to get parts and repairs done.
One day when I was joy riding around the post, I was stopped by a friend who asked me to give him a ride to the airfield, where the helicopters were kept. In order to get there one had to leave the post and drive one mile. I was not supposed to leave the post without permission, but I didnt think that meant I couldnt drop someone off at the airfield, so I said OK and took him there. On the way to the airfield it started raining a little.
I had very little experience driving, and no experience driving in bad weather. On the way back, the cobblestone streets were wet and slippery and I was going too fast. Disaster ensued. As I went around a bend in the road, the jeep lost traction and started sliding. I overcorrected one way and then the other, and then slammed head on into a brick wall. The jeep was totaled...and so was my nose from hitting the steering wheel!
In a few moments, the Army arrived to assess the damage and recover the jeep. My commanding officer (CO) also showed up and ordered me to go to the First Sergeants office and wait there for him.
The CO arrived and called the First Sergeant into his office while I stood at attention in the hall. After a half-hour or so they called me in and presented me with an Article 15 -- which is non-judicial punishment administered for mostly minor infractions. I was demoted to Private First Class, restricted to post for 2 months and my pay was docked. I was also supposed to pay for the jeep, but for some reason that never happened.
Next, I was assigned a tracked vehicle called an M577. It was a command version of the M113 Armored Personnel Carrier, that was taller and carried teletype equipment, radios and cryptography gear. I did such a good job of taking care of my vehicle and doing my everyday job as a radio repairman that I was eventually promoted again to SP/4. Later I was assigned to the job of Battalion Crypto Clerk, which was a wonderful gift given to me by the Communications Officer, who thought very highly of me despite my youth and uneven service to that point.
The Battalion Crypto Clerks job was truly a dream come true. I had the third floor of the Headquarters building all to myself and no one was allowed in my area except for the Communications Officer and a couple of other senior officers. The job required a Secret security clearance and I carried a 45 cal pistol in a shoulder holster at all times.
I was responsible for maintaining Signal Operating Instructions (SOI) booklets which contained frequencies and call signs to be used in case of deployment. I was also supposed to be the crypto operator and was sent to school to learn how to operate and maintain crypto machines, which were used to scramble and unscramble teletype messages sent via radio.
Normally, the job only required about two days of actual work each month, to duplicate the SOIs and put together the books in case I needed to hand them out for deployment or an alert which were unannounced training exercises. I was supposed to fire up the teletype and crypto machines once a month and communicate with headquarters in Frankfurt, but the equipment never worked properly the whole time I was there.
We would have had no way to communicate securely with headquarters if the Russians had ever crossed the border of West Germany, but no one at HQ ever seemed to care.
At this point, I got orders to go to Vietnam. I was supposed to go home for a two week vacation and then report to Fort Ord, California for shipment overseas. I was initially scared, but I eventually got used to the idea and figured Id probably be OK as long as I was stationed in some base camp fixing radios rather than going out on patrol. I lucked out when my orders were cancelled just two weeks before I was supposed to leave Germany. I never did figure out why.
After a few months working in the crypto room, the CO decided it would be better if I lived on the third floor of the Headquarters building right outside my office. This was another great development because I didnt have to live in the barracks any more and I didnt have to show up for required formations, mornings and afternoons. The First Sergeant used the formations to inspect uniforms and haircuts, so I was able to avoid that for several months.
I let my hair grow out and stuffed it up under my hat any time I had to go outside my restricted area. But one day I had to get a paper signed by the Executive Officer (XO) and while I was in his office he pulled my hat off, and flipped-out. I was obviously a subversive with that long hair and he fired me from my job as crypto clerk. I had to move back into the barracks and was faced with returning to the motor pool as a radio mechanic unless I could work something out. I knew most of the other officers in HQ and talked to the intelligence officer to see if he had a job opening I could take. He offered me a job as a file clerk, but that only lasted about two weeks before the XO found out and demanded that I return to the motor pool and work as a radio mechanic.
Most of my days were spent wasting time and smoking hash with my buddies in the motor pool. Sometimes we would get in a track and close all the hatches, and then smoke bowl after bowl of hash. We were wasted all day, every day, and every night. We stole C-ration boxes off of the vehicles and kept them in the barracks for late-night snacks. We went into the little town of Budingen a couple of nights a week to hang out at the bars and try to hit on the few girls who were available.
On weekends we would go to Frankfurt and hit the bars there looking for women. Occasionally, before heading home we'd go to a huge whorehouse called Crazy Sexys where we could get a quickie for $15.
During this period, I met a really nice girl who was visiting Budingen and started a mostly long-distance relationship with her. She lived in Northern Germany but we corresponded regularly and spent time together whenever we could. See: Ingrid, the Best Christmas Present.
I settled down for a while and got my high school diploma and went to the gym in the evenings. But I lived in a room with four other guys and over time we became the main hash dealers for the entire post. We would go to Frankfurt once a week and pick up one or two kilos of hash. We took it back to our room, divided it up, and were open for business 24/7. We got away with it because no one in authority seemed to care what went on in the barracks and no one ever conducted a surprise inspection the whole time I was there.
Commands disinterest wasnt just confined to personnel matters. The boilers broke down in our barracks building and we went without hot water for an entire year! We were showering with cold water in the middle of winter and there was very little heat in the shower room as well.
The crypto clerk who replaced me got very ill and for a short time I was assigned to take his place. While this was going on, our unit was sent to a training area near the Czech border while I and a few other support personnel stayed behind in Budingen. When the time came to update the SOIs, I flew by helicopter to the training area and handed them out. I wasnt supposed to return to Budingen for a couple of days and was hanging out with my buddies when I decided to take an M577 for a joy ride.
It wasnt the first time I had taken a vehicle, including tracks, for a joy ride but it was the last. A friend and I went to the makeshift motor pool in the training area and took one of the 577s for a ride in the woods. Some time later I was driving down a dirt road very fast when a deer bounded across the road and into the woods to my left. I immediately turned left as well to try and chase down the deer. We were plowing through everything in our path and loving it!
Then the deer went over an embankment and I followed right behind. Unfortunately it led to a creek bed and the slopes on both sides were very steep. So steep, that the 577 was wedged between the V-shaped slopes and the tracks werent making good contact with the ground. We were stuck! The tracks would spin but we werent going anywhere. We got out some shovels and tried to dig the track out but it was hopeless.
There was only one thing to do if we wanted to avoid trouble. We walked all the way back to the company area, got another friend to agree to help us, went to the motor pool and got another 577, and drove it back to where the other one was stuck. The new driver had been to Vietnam and really knew how to handle these vehicles. First, he knocked down a bunch of trees to make room to maneuver and then hooked up a tow cable and pulled the stuck 577 out of the creek bed.
We were so happy that we started racing the 577s on the way back to the motor pool. I was driving one while the Vietnam vet was driving the other. Suddenly the engine blew on the other 577. One of the pistons actually went through the drivers cab and almost hit the guy! Now we were truly screwed.
We hooked up the tow cable and towed the 577 into the motor pool area. It was getting dark and the area was almost deserted. No one was paying any attention to us as we spent several minutes positioning the 577s in line with the others so it would look like nothing was wrong, even though my 577 had a ring of mud around it from being stuck in the creek bed. Then we went back to the temporary barracks and acted as if nothing had happened.
The next morning, the two guys who were involved in the previous evenings activities asked me if I had any clean uniform shirts and I loaned them both a clean shirt  both of which had my name tags on them. A couple of minutes later, a sergeant showed up and told us three to report to the First Sergeant. We knew what that meant.
We were standing at attention in the First Sergeants office when the CO came in and looked us over. He saw the name tags; Padgett, Padgett, and Padgett standing before him and that really set him off.
He came up to me with his nose a half inch from mine and screamed at me that this time I will pay dearly. But it wasnt that bad. I got another Article 15 and another demotion to PFC, and I was supposed to pay for the engine that blew up. But once again, they never actually charged me for the damage.
Back to the motor pool I went. I spent many more days wasting time and smoking hash while I waited for my enlistment to end. I decided I should get my teeth fixed while I was waiting, so I went to the Post dentist office and asked for an appointment. They told me to come in on Thursday. I asked for an appointment slip that I could show to the new communications officer because I knew he was a hard ass. They told me I didnt need one and to just come in on Thursday.
Thursday arrives and I tell the Commo officer that I have a dentist appointment. He says, Wheres your appointment slip? I said, They said I wouldnt need one.
He says, You cant go without one. I had had just about enough of the Army stupidness at that point and I swore, Goddammit and threw my hat on the floor. A bit childish, to say the least. He says, Report to the First Sergeant. Oh boy, I thought. Here we go again.
While I was standing at attention outside of the First Sergeants office and waiting for the hammer to fall, I realized that the only people who saw the exchange between me and the Commo officer were two other enlisted men who were friends of mine. I figured that they would not be witnesses against me  that they would say they didnt see anything.
I got called into the COs office and there was the CO and the Commo officer looking pretty grim. They had my Article 15 already typed up and demanded that I sign it. When presented with an Article 15, an enlisted man has the option of demanding a court martial. But losing in a court martial usually means spending some time in the stockade before they give you a dishonorable discharge and kick you out of the Army.
I said I wanted a court martial and they looked at me like I was crazy. I said nothing happened at the Commo shop and I had no idea what they were talking about. In the days that followed and while they conducted their investigation, it became clear to them that there were no witnesses and so it was my word against the Commo officers. They soon dropped the case and I was permanently reassigned to the First Sergeants detail.
The First Sergeants detail was a squad that was made up of one guy selected each day from each platoon who had to work for the First Sergeant that day. The detail was anything the First Sergeant wanted done, from cleaning nasty stuff to sweeping streets to digging holes etc. It was basically punishment but in most cases it was work that actually needed to be done.
After 3 months or so on permanent detail, I went to the First Sergeant and asked him to give me break. I promised to stay out of trouble if he would ease up on me some. Well, he had another job for me alright  buying the ingredients for and making 300 baloney sandwiches every day, and stocking sodas that the CQ (Charge of Quarters  a sergeant who stays up all night in the barracks) sold to men who got the munchies at night.
The money the First Sergeant earned off of this was supposed to go to the dayroom fund (recreation room for the men that has pool tables, TV, games etc). The dayroom was beautiful, but it was never open because the First Sergeant wanted to keep it nice for inspection. Perhaps if he had let us use the dayroom once in a while we might not have smoked so much dope.
So, from then on I worked about two hours a day doing my job as the First Sergeant's Baloney Sandwich Guy. I would go to the PX and buy 10 cases of soda and enough bread and baloney to make 300 sandwiches. Then I would slap a piece of baloney between two pieces of bread and put them in sandwich bags. I also provided large jars of mayonnaise and mustard. I had his concession running so smoothly that the First Sergeant left me alone and I was free to spend my days doing whatever I felt like doing.
And what I felt like doing at that point was improving myself in mind and body because I would soon be hitting the real world again and have to fend for myself.
I was about six months away from the end of my enlistment when I heard that because the war in Vietnam was winding down the Army was letting some folks out early. Unfortunately my service dates fell just outside the deadline for qualifying for an early out and I was really annoyed at that. I went to the First Sergeant again and asked him if he could do anything about it so I could go home. He said, Dont worry about it, Ill take care of everything. And he did. I served a total of 2 years, 8 months and 14 days of my three year enlistment and was honorably discharged in July 1972.
That feeling must have terrified you but I think it was the best decision that you have made in your entire life since you have got the chance to make contribution in the social service. I am going to army bases in Germany to know further.
Warning! DigdeZ.com has expired. If this is your domain name you must renew it immediately before it is deleted and permanently removed from your account. To renew this domain name visit http://www.NameBright.com
Ambush Bug crawling up my sock. These guys eat strawberry pests like aphids and beetles and are a welcome sight on our farm.
Recently emerged Black Swallowtail climbing on a monarch butterfly chrysalis. The Swallowtail was found in our garden on parsley.
Lady Bug on strawberry blossoms. Lady bugs can eat up to 50 aphids (a pest of strawberries) in a day
As we cannot always drive ourselves to catch our flight or ask someone we know to get us there, we often use the help of a transportation service. While some of these transportation services are offering the best help they can there are a number of them who are not good at offering good help. That is simply because they are not good at doing their job right. That does not means there are no reliable or good door to door airport transfers for you to use. There are such good transportation services. However, you can easily make the mistake of using the wrong service. If you do that you should know these results you get to experience are going to be negative.
Missing the FlightIf you have hired the worst transportation service in the field you can at times face the worst result which is missing your flight. This can happen due to a couple of reasons. There is the situation where the vehicle does not arrive at your home at the right time. That is usually because the transportation service has not either gotten to know the right time you want to leave beforehand or simply because they are not careful with providing a good service. There are also times when you miss your flight as the vehicle they provide to you goes through mechanical problems. Again that is a problem with the transportation service as vehicles which are not maintained well are often going to face such problems.
Having To Have an Uncomfortable Travelling Experience When anyone books one of the private airport transfers sunshine coast they are hoping to have a comfortable ride to their destination. They are not getting ready for a bumpy ride which is going to be quite uncomfortable as the vehicle they get is going to be a really old one which is not maintained well. Such an uncomfortable travelling experience is not the perfect way to begin your journey.
Not Having Enough Space to Keep the LuggageThere are also times when you have to travel in a vehicle which does not have enough space to keep your luggage. This can be fine if you are the only one travelling. However, when there are a couple of people and you have to travel a distance that is going to be a really uncomfortable ride. If you are using a bad transportation service for your trip to catch your flight you should be ready to face any of such negative results. They can ruin your whole experience. For more information, please click here.
Try to highlight what you learned from the experience and how you will do things differently in your next job.
This is a set up for someone getting years of shit from their parents for breaking up with that one person they really, really liked. Tian did not stand on ceremony with the orc, tearing out of his memories those fragments that we needed.
On the other hand, school is the palace where children are taught skills on various subjects that help to be self-reliant. Girls playing with own tits. Black lesbian divas. They strung me along for three semesters promising me that they had work for me. One of the freshmen yielded him a place next to Jobena and they began to talk together in lowered voices. Alas, Edward's affections are challenged by Bella's friend Jacob Black, who just happens to be able to transform himself into a vampire-devouring wolf. He works as a nice foil next to Supergirl, because he's just in a different place heading in the same trajectory.
You may compose the poem or part of it in your mind before you write it on paper. And then me and Lewis, the instrument we were playing was only possible to play as two people, and it was just us making music as freely as humanly possible. Family caregiver leave may be taken to provide care or support to certain family members in respect of whom a qualified health practitioner has issued a certificate stating that he or she has a serious medical condition.
Exploring the immigration of Jews from Eastern Europe for America, as well as their desire to make this country their permanent home, Levitt raises questions about the search for stability in specific Jewish religious and cultural traditions which is linked to the liberal academy as well as feminist study, thus offering an account of an ambivalent Jewish feminist embrace of America as home.
There was an attempt to clear the vestry, and then, as if to balance the dribbling, a ripple of conversation commenced at the rear of the church and began to drift up toward the altar, growing louder and faster and more excited, mounting always, bringing people to their feet, rising to a sort of subdued roar.
With all due respect, while much of your analysis is right on target, I think you are still missing a crucial point.
With Nani being of age by the time of the tragedy, she was dubbed Lilo's legal guardian. Many students are prepared to persevere,but very few are able to achieve their goals. Sexy blonde naked pussy. Several years ago, some of my students decided to make booktalk videos in the style of the Reading Rainbow booktalks. Because of the noise of the water, they both did not hear the key in the lock of the front door in the hallway.
Us coalition is encouraging supporters to host viewing parties or to watch the rally online. For instance, you can see the printed table of contents, but you can't click on anything listed there, so you can't go directly to a specific story. She understands better the relationship between her mother and her grandmother while keeping her own secrets intact.
Fascinated, Basil stared at Riply, the expression of whose face was curiously mixed. Milf femdom bondage. Eric Cartman is possibly the most notorious character in town, barking religious insults at Kyle, whom he claims to despise.
The buildup takes a long time, and what is delivered is, to say the least, lackluster. I find when I can master the stare threw them look and act like those type of attention seekers usually works best for me. While it has been reported that Dempsey married his best friend's mother, he has been quoted saying that he became best friends with Parker's son only after he became romantically involved with Parker.
Return to top Do employees have to give notice to their employers when they quit their job. At the heart of their year of living experimentally is the eternal question: what type of new houses do people want to live in. I nodded to me, too, were completely unnecessarily roaming the imperial wilderness spaces without the brakes and conscience. The single defect in the book was that it could only be enjoyed with the aid of the imagination, for the invisible ink must keep its secrets until that day when, the pages being held close to the fire, the items would appear.
This makes it easy to read, scan, and get to know the interviewee as a person and as an expert. Black lesbian divas. To an extent this heterogeneity to reflect localised identity shows the ability and the desire of companies and readerships to access and create local or regional content above international content with the flare of the later.
They said he raped her, punched her in the face and also threatened to kill himself, wrapping a phone charger around his neck. Or if I want a gripping, epic love story to keep me up late on a hot summer night, I pick up Gone With the Wind. Janina gavankar nude pics. Instead of painting sitters in their street clothes, you chose to transform the their appearance with couture gowns, heavy makeup and wigs.
Every year, the Warwick Rowers release a racy calendar that benefits Sport Allies, an organization that fights homophobia in sports.
A is certainly easier on the ol' self-awareness front, but, as Polly demonstrates in her answer, B leads to a lot more potential awesomeness.
Obsessive lovers, on the other hand, work without this net as they struggle for balance on the high wire of romantic expectations.
But I just want you to - oh, remember me in some different way - try to think of me as you used to, not as if I was just another one you threw over. It's being Italian, it's representing family, friends, tanning, gel, everything. Irish lesbian sex. For information about the prohibition of sexual harassment, harassment and discrimination under the Human Rights Code, call your local Ontario Human Rights Commission office.
One must understand that the group events are aimed at bringing out the leadership qualities of a person. The silence that reigned in our bedroom broke the sound of the notice: I received a message.
Once you have a good outfit, go to the Pet Shop and sit down in a not-so-crowded but noticable spot. At some point, many give up Christianity altogether, which puts them in a boat that seems to be taking on water. Horny naughty milf. The picture is used to turn Lilo's nightmares into a dream of the day the photograph was taken, which manages to make her happy again. Pingback: Ring in the Noon Year Party Read Sing PlayPingback: Parachute Play: with babies and toddlers Read Sing PlayPingback: Ask a Storytime Ninja: Baby Storytime Storytime UndergroundPingback: Storytime University: Scarf Love Storytime UndergroundPingback: Baby Bounce - Farm Theme The Neighborhood LibrarianPingback: Guerrilla Storytime: Get Local Storytime UndergroundPingback: STEAM: Little Makers Narrating Tales of Preschool StorytimePingback: Toddler Story Time: Superheroes Miss Jaime's Library JourneysPingback: Baby Storytimes for the Baby-Impaired The Neighborhood LibrarianPingback: Toddler: Rhyming Words and Have You Seen My New Blue Socks.
In the wake of World War II, the European continent was devastated, and the conflict left the Soviet Union and the United States as uncontested superpowers. Fancy Love smells exactly like one of those white vanilla commercial bakery sheet cakes, with lemon frosting. The acute icteric infection caused by HBV is not dissimilar to acute hepatitis due to any other virus, such as hepatitis A virus, Epstein-Barr virus EBVor yellow fever.
Hollywood has done a great job at portraying OCD as a disorder where one might perform a lot of hand washing or crack jumping, but it rarely shows the other compulsions that come with OCD. Only the other day, a neighbour popped round, not for a cup of sugar, but because my four children are so noisy she had apparently fallen into despair. Black lesbian divas. Hi I intended to write a loooooong post in here sharing some of my experiences in here, which will interest you, i think berry.
WGA and AFTRA, which respectively represent the writer and the actors, have both expressed disappointment over Prospect Park's announcement. As it becomes increasingly popular, This article is a continuation of our series on regular expressions, and discusses regular expressions in Perl.
They knew about many of the contents of my anxiety-such as the separation anxiety-but other topics, not so much.
What about behavior in conditions of poverty, recruitment into gangs and terrorist cells, or intimate partner, gender-based violence.
This ending-in which the heroine is saved from her unfortunate circumstances by men through transcendent love-is a common Hollywood resolution to the conflicts developed throughout a film. The Strategist A reported briefing on money in politics, executive moves, and trends in communications, lobbying and consulting.
He won a Bafta for the film The Murder of Stephen Lawrence, and he wrote and directed the acclaimed Bloody Sunday. All cancellations must be made in writing to IEP before any refund is approved. But the main thing is that our task must remain the same: to achieve everything by ourselves, paying no attention to any difficulties.
If you want to maintain the good looks of your car, it is best that you should know how to clean aluminum wheels of it. Taking good care of your car does not only limit until giving it a full body wash or vacuuming inside it. Aside from the exterior part of the car, the aluminum wheels should also be cleaned and taken good care of. Since it is one part of your car that is exposed to road debris, brake dust and other toxic materials such as road salt most of the time, it can give your car a dirty and dull appearance, which is not nice to look at. Also, knowing how to clean aluminum wheels of your car will prolong its lifeline therefore giving you the maximum service you need from it.
Sure driving your car into a car wash can be done easily, but do you know you can clean the aluminum wheels of your car just by yourself? You wont need to spend a cent on it because even the materials that you will use can be found on the four corners of your house. All you will need to prepare are a bucket of water, spray hose, soap and 2 terrycloth rags. When you have these items on hand, you can know start cleaning the wheels of your precious car.
First of all before you start cleaning, check the condition of your wheels. Do not start cleaning if it is still hot. Let it cool down for some time before starting anything else. Spraying cold water on the brakes that are hot will damage the rotors. On the other hand if you spray warm water on the hot brakes, it can cause spotting. Nonetheless, you have no choice but to wait for your brakes to cool down for a while.
Remove the road debris, brake dusts and other particles off the alumni wheels by using a water hose. For better removal of debris and other particles, use the nozzle attachment of the water hose because this gives a higher water pressure. Mix water and soap with warm water on a bucket and make soap suds. Soak the terrycloth rag into the bucket until it is saturated. Get the rag and rub it on each surface and corner of the wheel. Reach out to the farthest part of the wheel to make sure that all debris and dusts are removed from your wheels. Use a brush with long handle for those parts where you cannot reach by your hand to remove the particles completely. However, before doing so, test the brushs bristles in a small area and check maybe the bristle is too hard.
Brushing with a hard bristle can lead to scratching of the aluminum areas of the wheels. As much as possible, we would like to avoid this unwanted scratch. Remove the wheels and let it dry out by airing. Simple as this, you now know how to clean aluminum wheels by yourself.
Embed this Video Manifestation determinations must be made when there is a change in the students placement based on the students suspensions. a manifestation of solidarity Lets go into this deeper. Filed Under: Business and Entrepreneurship, Career and Purpose, Career and Success, Games, Goals and Success, How I used the Law of Attraction to Manifest..., Luck and Success According to Harry, manifestation is just your way of asking the universe to "grant you permission" to acquire something. "If you want to manifest the love of your life, its best to open your mind and ask the cosmos exactly what you are looking for," she says. When you banish all doubt in favor of faith, theres nothing more powerful on this planet. If you truly understand the ability to manifest, you realize you can control the speed at which change occurs in your life. Kindle Store Net Worth Calculator Within 10 school days of a change of placement. meetings, parades, and other such manifestations The District is NOT determined to have knowledge if any of the following occurred: C. Wilson 1. Pretend you dont need it manifest (feminine manifesta, masculine plural manifests or manifestos, feminine plural manifestes) or "When I have time" or "When I have the money. . ." A huge part of manifesting is feeling and anchoring into the vision of what we want to bring into our life and the same goes for attracting dream clients. If you've been struggling to manifest the life you want then help is at hand! $0.99 How to Manifest Anything You Want with the Law of Vibration Spotify US - United States How-to Videos Contact page parenting Continue Reading Create Podcast I know somebody had use this practice to manifest money in 24 hours and clean up a 6-figure debt. Dream boards are one of the most powerful and fun success tools you'll ever find. I can't recommend them highly enough to put you in the right frame of mind, to inspire and motivate you to achieve your goals and to activate the Law of Attraction to draw your desires into your life. I use them for  [Read more...] Your article and new folder have been saved! Recent Posts Rev. Bonnie Barnard  / srpski Browse the Spanish-English Dictionary Anything you want? Its simply not true. Latest Videos It can help you to remove beliefs like I need to work hard to make money. The truth is, you have created everything in your life. By taking responsibility for everything that happens to you, it gives you the power to change things. The law of attraction is always working, whether you know it or not. Abundance Tip #23: Getting the universe to finally deliver your most precious wishes. (A very simple imagination trick) Related Class Then think first about how that would feel Energy Forecasts b (1) : something that manifests or is manifest 112,065 views If you go internal, in other words if you close your eyes and look inside yourself, and imagine or think about your objective, you will always know, simply by attending to how you feel, whether or not you believe your goal is achievable. You can increase your magnetic power by devoting time to "powerful thinking." each day. Certified Miracle Mentoring & Alchemy Life Coach Abundance Tip Number 18  What you seek is also desperately searching for you Powered by WordPress.com VIP This first book on the law of attraction is absolutely amazing. I simply love it. Whenver I feel out of the weather, or my life is taking unexpected turns, I start listening to this again and it gives me immediate emotional relief, along with hope for improvement in my life. Not to mention applying those principles will change your life for the better because the law of attraction is real and knowing how to apply it will help you succeed whether with your health, your finances, your business, your relationship or pretty much anything that you want to be, do or have. Anything you desire can be yours if you understand the principles of the law of attraction and this is the perfect book to get started.
Once you understand the Law of Attraction, and how it works, you can begin to consciously and intentionally create a better life. by S P Austen0 Click Here To Find Out How! $129.99  The ones who see the vision of where you're going far before you do. Leading Edge Subscription Programs 5 people found this helpful Manifesting With The Moon: My Prayers Answered Dont just imagine yourself counting money and feeling it in your hands. Dont just imagine holding your soul mate in your arms in a loving embrace. For a change, stand back and imagine watching these things on a TV in your mind. Be the star of your own romantic comedy and see yourself in your minds eye giving the performance of your life. A-ZLength+ The 6 Most Fascinating Studies On Consciousness (Infographic) Cut out some images of money. Surround them with other pictures (or words, or drawings) that connect you with the things youll do when you are successfully manifesting money. Family Life My Bitcoin Investment Strategy: Should You Buy Bitcoin & Other Cryptocurrencies? antifems Image sourced from: http://www.ivankatrump.com/joan-collins-quote/ For webmasters: Investing For Beginners | Advice On How To Get Started In other words: Listen to your intuition. Instead of overthinking your choices, let your emotions guide you toward what is right and what is wrong. This will result in a more satisfying life. by Lana Adler24 Well sometimes you cant, so you make them irrelevant instead. You take away all of their power so they cant affect you. In fact, my biggest personal development breakthrough came as a result of cutting class with some friends when I was 15 years old and choosing to walk up a staircase. Buy for others Remove Subscription Program from Cart Checkout with Subscription Audible Sample Audible Sample Clearing your Wealth Lines Book Jack #love #relationships #manifestation #happiness #abundance And if thats true, then youre probably looking for a set of instructions on how to do it rather than a theory about how it works. Most people dont know how to manifest properly because they dont fully understand how The Law of Vibration works. Try Kindle Countdown Deals Tagged: Manifesting, Manifestation, Law of Attraction, Law of Attraction Tips, How to Manifest Bowl Leaders Its that single source of energy and the random mutations after countless iterations in the tree of evolution that have created the unique beings that we are today. We are all different in small ways. Yet, some of us are different in very big ways. Not just in our physical appearances, but in our mental, emotional and spiritual states. News (14) And this process changed my entire financial status in a very short period of time. Abundance Tip #21: Attraction. The only 2 things you ever really need BREAKING DOWN 'Manifestation Trigger' Or get 4-5 business-day shipping on this item for $5.99. (Prices may vary for AK and HI.) Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends. Law of Attraction Tips for Letting it Work in Your Life October 2017 Goal Setting Popular Post 4.7 out of 5 stars 536 revealing Remember me  Forgot password? Having the opportunity to talk wine in Italy for a summer ticked the boxes for my dream job anyway. Uncategorized September 30, 2011 by Denise Duffield-Thomas Jacks Blog Categories: English terms derived from Late LatinEnglish 5-syllable wordsEnglish terms with IPA pronunciationEnglish terms with audio linksEnglish lemmasEnglish nounsEnglish uncountable nounsEnglish countable nounsen:MedicineFrench terms derived from Late LatinFrench 5-syllable wordsFrench terms with IPA pronunciationFrench terms with audio linksFrench lemmasFrench nounsFrench feminine nounsFrench countable nounsSwedish lemmasSwedish nouns Abundance Tip #22: Make your affirmations twice as powerful and effective (in less than 5 seconds) Add as many details as you can, and dont try to imagine exactly how the thing or outcome becomes yours; instead, focus solely on the end result of receiving what you desire. Once a students cumulative suspension totals 5 days, it is recommended that the IEP team holds a manifestation determination review to determine if any changes to the IEP are needed and/or if a behavior intervention plan needs to be revised or developed. Another meeting must be held if the student continues to be suspended and reaches 10 cumulative days of suspension for the school year. For many this may sound crazy. However, stay with me here. This is a form of visualization. It helps you really tune into the reality of money and send out more effective, coherent signals to the Universe about what you require. Money has a special smell you just dont find anywhere else, and the trick is to make sure youre thinking positively when you smell it. You might try saying your affirmation when you smell money and get into the mindset of appreciating the money you know is in your future. manifesting money like a millionaire seminar | manifesting success money manifesting money like a millionaire seminar | money manifesting songs manifesting money like a millionaire seminar | manifesting money law of attraction
The simple act of washing a dish is really a series of several actions, movements and thoughts. When your intention is focused on the action, youll appreciate exactly how much movement is involved. Unlike actual gay people, you really did choose to make your life more difficult, to let us say those things about you, to hide so much of your life from so many. The Manifestation Candle Abundance Tip #27: The official rules of the universe. (The ultimate shortcut to your abundance) Taking Control of My Finances This is a powerful technique for building intuition. You probably already know the basics of visualization and have at least tried to practice those techniques a couple of times. On your current manifestation quest, start by going somewhere thats quiet and private, and spend just a minute on visualizing the thing you want. However, beyond the mere expectation of money to arrive, there are other ways to go about actually manifesting your so-called windfall of cash. Just keep in mind that you cant waver in your expectation. While bad things might happen to you, as long as you hold that expectation high enough, it will come to pass over time. Its a simple read, and the argument/proves for the law of attraction is clearly outlined. Having read it, its now time to go practice; more when I practice and see results.
Download the Cheat Sheet + I AM Board template to start manifesting your dream job today! Tune into this episode to hear the ENTIRE play-by-play. The start, the highs, the lows, and everything in between. From one female entrepreneur to another... YOU GOT THIS BABE. It's 100% worth it, and you will never regret chasing your dreams. There is, of course, a bonus step that requires you to take MASSIVE ACTION towards the attainment of your goals and objectives. First of all, the reason many people don't get the LoA to work for them is because of subconscious programming. 3. Receive it Already Set up a giveaway Email * Annamaria Nagy  Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Publisher: Weiser Books; New Edition edition (February 1, 2009) The Power Of Your Thoughts & Intuition IT Systems Status Plugging In!  Rome 2016 See the Best Books of 2018 So Far Special pages Gabrielle Bernstein, New York Times bestselling author of May Cause Miracles Word of the day: The Law of Attraction is universal and its going to work with or without your intention. If you keep coming up short, address those doubts and fears, because theyre likely speaking to you much louder than your desires. show detected; convicted Youve probably not spent too much time practicing it in the past. But wouldnt today be a great day to start? Abundance Tip Number 30  Secrets of the rich and famous. A subconscious shortcut APPLY TO THE QUEENDOM MASTERMIND Consider the Source? Are My Secrets Holding Me Back in Manifestation?  Supported Vol. 2 Preview Cancel Block Health Advice manifest (comparative more manifest, superlative most manifest) Sure, in matters of romance, we might exert ourselves to get a particular partner into relationship with us. Or we might put a lot of effort into getting a particular job. Or we might train hard for a particular sport. July 6, 2018 You see, manifesting is less about "making" it happen... Jump up ^ Hill 2010, pp. 23-24. #1 Best Seller in Occult & Paranormal By Jen Pastiloff I just got back from leading a beautiful retreat for Mothers Day. I feel hung INTEGRATIVE HEALTH Jump up ^ "A Company Aims to Put Good Karma and Energy Close at Hand". The New York Times, 28 March 2014. Retrieved 2 July 2015. Home Page  Manifestation 1 3. Curb judgmental or negative thoughts. Its like magic. And why is it SO important? $12.76 Prime Shefali Tsabary shows how the challenges of parenting can become a great opportunity for spiritual awakening. Becoming a fully conscious parent is the greatest gift you can give to your child. entrance Professional Development Along the same lines, lets not talk about manifestation as something miraculous thats out of this world. Manifestation is simply the act of aligning yourself with your desired intentions/goals and then taking the necessary steps to bring those desired intentions/goals to fruition. Theres nothing miraculous about it. Its simply a process that requires a little understanding and a lot of effort on your part to bring those desired intentions into reality. KRYSTEN PECK I love to do this each morning but find what works for you: Step 4 is important for two reasons. The first is that it aligns you with your desires. The entire concept behind the Law of Attraction is that like attracts like. When you take action as if youve already gotten what you desire, you are sending a huge, loud and clear message to the universe that youre serious. Actions speak louder than words, right? Wanna hear how I did it? Technology Product Price List Manifestation Answers  CAP Lecture And if you take this a stage further, then what do we mean by positive and negative anyway? From a spiritual point of view, all experiences are just learning events. Advanced Search He coached me about the Law of Attraction when I was a teacher in Chicago making $8,000 a year. He told me, I want you to set a goal thats so big that if you achieve it, youll know its because of the secret I am teaching you. SPELLING One Piece of the Universal Puzzle: Although much focus has been rightly given to the Law of Attraction, more so since the success of the works of Abraham-Hicks and Rhonda Byrne's The Secret, it is not the full picture. The Law of Attraction is the basic Universal Law which holds everything together but there are another seven Universal Laws referred to in the ancient mystical and secret teachings. By understanding all the Laws of the Universe, you will be able to understand the true nature of reality and how you can experience the life you intend. The Law of Attraction is a major stepping stone in that direction but do not be misled into believing that it is the only one. My name is Katherine Hurst and I have the privilege of running the world's LARGEST Law of Attraction... 4.5 out of 5 stars 945 customer reviews Made with 13 pure plant botanicals, sourced from around the world See What's Trending Now See More Trending Words Here's a simple exercise for you to try. Make a list of what you want. Seriously, take out a pen and paper and start writing a list of things that you want. Here, I'll go first: There are two great results from making vision boards. First, the act of spending time finding images and words and attaching them to a board is a personal commitment to your desires. It helps you clarify what you really want, visualize it and put energy toward making it real. 3.1.1	Declension observant Is There a Difference Between Long and Lengthy? To explain this most simply, everything is made up of moving energy and therefore has a certain vibration. Your kitchen table is energy. Water is energy. You are energy. Save list When you read about the Law of Attraction, it can sometimes feel like it will take months or years to manifest anything you desire. However, experts advise that if you carefully work your way through four distinct steps, its possible to get results a lot more quickly. In fact, if you are wondering how to manifest anything in simply 24 hours, you may only need 5 steps. Feel it. Feel the way you will now after receiving your wish. You must act, speak, and think as if you are receiving it now. This is actually the most important, powerful step in using the Law of Attraction because this is where it starts working, and sometimes if you do this you don't feel like you need it anymore because you feel like you already have it! Therefore, the universe will manifest this thought and feeling, and you will receive it. manifesting money overnight | manifesting money affirmations manifesting money overnight | manifesting money success stories manifesting money overnight | manifesting money quickly
Close entry:...All-weather, Firstborn, Peregrinator, Whisht, Dangly-bits, Hashemite, Vandal, Viewerphone, Rugate, Scholiastic, Paced, Verdancy, ...
Every year, the Polytechnic Institute of Viana do Castelo [IPVC] opens a special competition for the access and admission of international students.
According to the International Student Charter, which regulates the access and admission of foreign students to Portuguese higher education institutions, this competition applies to first cycle (undergraduate) and masters degrees and takes place within specific time limits.
Please check the information available for each School and Course, specifically for the number of vacancies available within the scope of this special admission competition, its regulation, calendar, among other information, as follows:
Arriving in a new country to live and study is always a challenge. The purpose of this guide is to make this challenge easier for students wishing to study in Portugal. It provides practical information about life in Portugal and about procedures that students will have to carry out before and upon arrival, as well as tips provided by students that had this experience.
IPVC Resolution : Calendar and vacancies for 2017/18 within this special competition for the access and admission of foreign students to the IPVC
An enrolment fee is payable by bank transfer to the IPVCs IBAN and BIC, with reference to the application number.
Energy deregulation has been in place for several years however there are still a lot of people who are confused or who have not fully understand the implications, structure, details and workings of energy deregulation. Many simply know that energy deregulation means people now have the power to choose their electric companies  a diversion from the previous system where a single utility company provides services for the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity.
In terms of renewable sources like solar and wind, weather impacts supply. Californias duck curve[cite] shows the difference between electricity demand and the amount of solar energy available throughout the day. On a sunny day, solar power floods the electricity generation market and then drops during sunless evening, when electricity demand peaks.[117]
For example, in 2012, Hawaii residents had the highest average residential electricity rate in the United States (37.34/kWh), while Louisiana residents had the lowest average residential electricity costs (8.37/kWh). Even in the contiguous United States the gap is significant, with New York residents having the highest average residential electricity rates in the lower 48 U.S. states (17.62/kWh).[6]
Residential and business consumers in deregulated energy markets have the power to choose their energy supplier. The power to choose gives consumers the opportunity to compare suppliers and find energy plans that satisfy their usage needs and budget requirements. Whether in a deregulated city in Texas, New York, Ohio or another state, you can shop for electricity or natural gas and find the best plan for you!
The inclusion of renewable energy distributed generation and AMI in the modern electricity grid has introduced many alternative rate structures. Simple (or fixed) rate, tiered (or step) rate, TOU, demand rates, tiered within TOU, seasonal, and weekend/holiday rates are among the few residential rate structures offered by modern utilities. The simple rate charges a specific dollar per kilowatt ($/kWh) consumed. The tiered rate is one of the more common residential rate programs, and it charges a higher rate as customer usage increases. TOU and demand rates are structured to help maintain/control a utilitys peak demand. The concept at its core is to discourage customers from contributing to peak-load times by charging them more money to use power at that time.
No deposit electricity plans also offer a subjective advantages. Thanks to smart meters, electricity providers can offer you smartphone apps that send notifications when your balance is getting low, so you can purchase more kilowatt-hours before your account drops to zero. However, this also means you will track your energy consumption more frequently, as opposed to only once per billing period. Energy consumers who monitor their kilowatt-hour usage tend to consume less energy that those who only wait for power bills once per billing period.
When it comes to pinpointing specific months rather than seasons, every part of the country has its own highest- and lowest-demand months. For example, hotter states, such as Texas, have their lowest demand anytime between December and March.[2] When it comes to your own location, you can determine typical demand trends by taking a look at your areas weather patterns or your billing records that showcase your personal monthly demand levels.
Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
Building administration is a field that focuses on the specialist component from development. This offers a larger photo regarding each from the min information of development.
We are social bookmarking Website, We Will play a very important role in improving search engine ranking of your website or Blog.
We are a Regular Lodge under the regime of the United Grand Lodge of England, under whom we were consecrated in 1998. The founders of the Lodge were formed from and by brethren who were regular members of the UK Mason forum list and other Web forums.
Now the first or one of the first questions we are asked is How do you meet on the WEB?, the short answer is we dont. We are regulated by the Grand Lodge of England and in full compliance with that governing power. We hold three regular (Physical) meetings a year with the Installation of the Master in March in Manchester and the start of our Masonic year. The other two meeting are normally the choice of the current Master, this Year 2018-19 I have meetings planned in Tamworth, Staffordshire in August, and Harrogate, Yorkshire in October where the Ladies festival will be held.
Currently we have 470+ brethren in the Lodge whose homes are stretched Worldwide and as far away as East to Japan, stretching to the West and the West Coast of the USA. So as a member of the Lodge you should find other members within your area (it may even be in your city or state). As part of the family we actively encourage the wives, partners and friends to enjoy our weekend meetings from the Welcome dinner on the Friday evening to entertainment on the Saturday evening after the meeting OR even attending the festive board for the speakers presentation. You may even see that in the past we have ventured further afield to meet and visit so many countries as the Family
My chosen charity for the year is Fisher Homes, a charity formed in USA but now worldwide who cater for the Families of wounded Veterans. The recovery of our Veterans from physical and mental injuries should be made as comfortable for the families as possible and Fisher Homes is a charity helping in this way. My second Charity is the 1st Bangor Scout group who are a long-established group looking after the needs of youngsters in Bangor, County Down, NI.
Why did I choose these two charities to support? Well I and my wife are both Veterans, having served in the Royal Navy, although in the ten years I served I saw no conflict. The support for the Scout and Guide movement is a deep belief that we both also share with children and grandchildren in the movement as well as both of us still supporting the local group in the Birmingham Childrens Hospital on a Thursday evening for an hour!
Our Web pages are full of reports, postings on research from both our members and visitors so please click away.
I started my Masonic journey in 1978 having left the Royal Navy and Fleet Air Arm and was initiated into the Nautical Services Lodge No.5629 in Worcestershire. Their meeting place was in the suburb of Stechford in Birmingham, which is about as far away from the sea and salt water possible in England. I was initiated by my father in law, but on the evening, I was not aware it was him until a time during the ceremony of initiation, BUT I was aware he was a mason as he was my proposer. I progressed through the offices in the Lodge and was installed into the Masters chair in 1987, again being installed by my father in law. Since then I travelled the world experiencing Freemasonry as far away as Hong Kong in the 1980s and 1990s.
BUT what drew me to the Internet Lodge No. 9659 for me it was the friendship shown on my first visit in 2006 and how much enjoyment I gained from that single visit on a cold March Saturday in Manchester. The World is YOUR oyster, as since my joining I have had the pleasure of meeting in many Masonic Halls in England and Wales. Also, with the Lodge I have travelled to countries and States as far away as Atlanta, USA, Bucharest, Romania, Edinburgh, Scotland and more, this year as Master I shall be taking the brethren to Belfast and Bangor in Northern Ireland to witness Irish Constitution working, that I know they will enjoy.
I extend MY hand of friendship to everyone to look at our pages on the Web, and perhaps fill out a joining form, you WILL be made VERY, very Welcome.
Abstract. The nonlinear forced vibrations of magnetization and elastic displacement in normal magnetized ferrite plate having magnetoelastic properties are investigated. For modeling of these vibrations the simplified system of two connected oscillators, one of which has magnetoelastic properties, is proposed. On the basis of this model the possibility of excitation of forced vibrations having auto-modulation character is shown. It is found six frame auto-modulation vibration regimes. For their interpretation two models are proposed: generalized potential and harmonic frequency generation.
"We understand it's a competitive market out there. Every minute spent on back office and administrative support is time away from the end-investor. Having the right technology allows our clients to focus their attention back on building relationships and other value-add activities" says Scott MacKenzie, CEO of FCC.
MacKenzie says the company has listened to what advisors want and built a solution that caters to their needs. What we've come up with is a turnkey, web-based solution that will eliminate cost and complexity for our clients," says MacKenzie. "By engaging with our clients we are able to deliver a single integrated platform tailored to the priorities that grow their business."
The Insurance and Investment Journal Publishing Group is Canadas leading source of life insurance and investment news and information.
Im Dezember 2017 gibt es fr PlayStation Plus-Mitglieder insgesamt acht Spiele  darunter Darksiders 2 und Until Dawn: Rush of Blood, die sich Spieler kostenlos herunterladen knnen.