Citizens Advice West Berkshire is an operating name of West Berkshire Citizens Advice Bureau, which is a charity and limited company registered in England and Wales
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, Broadway House, 4-8 The Broadway, Northbrook Street, Newbury. RG14 1BA.
They arrived on time, in a clean comfortable vehicle. The driver was helpful and drove us to the airport very smoothly
We were very much delayed with departure and also when we arrived at Barcelona airport. Baggage took a long time. The driver was understanding and patient. He was courteous and helpful with our luggage.
I could not fault this service, the price was very reasonable, the driver very helpful, and the online booking system easy to use.
No problems, helpful driver, waited because plane delayed. nice car. Definitely use again and would recommend
Taxis on time and clean. Drivers friendly and helpful. Return Driver kept to the speed limit at all times and still got us to the Airport in lots of time.
Book your Boxmeer taxi with City Airport Taxis, and rest assured that a fully licensed and insured driver and vehicle will be used for the transfer to comply with local Laws and Regulations.
Airport taxi transfers from Boxmeer as well as a wide range of services that require a car and driver from and to Eindhoven and Boxmeer are available from us.
Services include hire by the hour, transfers from and to various events in and around Eindhoven, cruise port transfers, Eindhoven sightseeing tours and excursions.
Professional and reliable chauffeurs and excellent customer care before, during and after your transfer. Your safety is our priority and your comfort our satisfaction.
Fluttershy. . Wallpaper and background images in the My Little Poney club tagged: my little pony friendship is magic fluttershy.
Why does everyone think she's the only nice one why not Pinkie and any of the other mane 6 O,O and why does almost every mlp fan like her more than anyone else, SHES NOT THE ONLY PONY O,O i mean i like her to but.... I don't even know anymore...
I hate her just as much as i hate Bloom..(Hint:She got all the attantion in season 4.) - The Winx Club Trivia quizz - fanpop
It was 20-odd years ago, the equivalent of a couple of Ice Ages in rocker chronology, when yours truly had the pleasure of attending one of the concerts presenting Main Offender, featuring Keith Richards and his X-Pensive Winos on the stage of a small, long-gone Madrid venue. The most influential rhythm guitarist in history hadn't yet fallen out of a coconut tree and continued to play in acceptably fine form. Now, with 71 years under the belt of probably the most intoxicated body on the planet, he returns to the fray with the same friends and a new album to boot. Time has passed in the blink of an eye, except in his music, aged in oak like his beloved Jack Daniel’s to preserve its unmistakable flavour blending blues, rock and reggae.
Generally, you can identify modern guitar heroes more for their technical command of the instrument than for their song writing ability. They shine during the climactic moments of a song that was probably written by that character who quite frequently can be found semi-hidden behind them, focused on keeping the band's performance tight. Although Richards is a special case, thinking of the role Malcom Young played in AC/DC and the consequences of his forced retirement should be enough of an example. Both are famous for their riffs, not for taking high-flying solos.
In both cases, the important thing here is that the true "heroin" is a guitar. Richards is the creator and Ron Wood his prophet, but in the end both are dependent on what they are capable of pulling out of the six strings on their instrument.
On Crosseyed..., Richards is back to being a self-prophesising prophet. Finally, almost on the verge of retirement, he allows himself to display a few brief flashes of his skills as a soloist, as if to remind people that he knows what he's holding in his hands, too. Back again are his favourite MCs, Waddy Wachtel and Steve Jordan, products of one of the best harvests rock ever reaped and one that, at this point, has earned the designation of origin of Gran Reserva.
The result is another Rolling Stones album in its purest form. Or what Richards considers that to be: back when Mick Jagger still didn't think of anything but the music. Two decades of technology also enables it to sound surprisingly fresh, full of energy, and able to camouflage the weak spots, in particular his ravaged voice. He even dares to accompany special guest Norah Jones on Illusion.
Blues to start up with the brief title track; rock 'n' roll to keep things going and not stop dancing while he ironically comments on his famous tree accident in Amnesia. On Robbed Blind, the magic of the acoustic guitar, steel guitar in the background and piano build to one of the finest moments on the album, where the most deeply personal reflections come out in stories of broken lives and ripped apart hearts.
The reggae of Love Overdue, a cover of the Gregory Isaacs tune, masterfully covers an obligatory chapter for Richards on an album with no filler among its 15 songs. Maybe Jagger would have liked the album to leave something for him...not to worry, the word is his nemesis is already getting a new Rolling Stones album ready for release.
JavaScript precisa estar habilitado para o funcionamento correto deste site. Lige-o nas configurações do seu navegador ou utilize o outro com o suporte JavaScript
We all love dogs, all kinds of dog breeds like Husky, German Shepherd, and Golden Retriever. And of course, we also cannot ignore these two cutey guys: Shiba Inu and Corgi. They are quite similar in size and weight and they are both extremely popular on the Internet. That said; Internet popularity is just one thing, what we also want to know is which one makes better pet? Shiba Inu vs Corgi! Let’s find out!
Before we get to understand Shiba Inu better, let’s clear a typical misunderstanding first! Many people think that Shiba Inu is the one and only “Japanese dog”. However, it is actually just one of Japanese dog breeds. Besides Shiba, there are other breeds namely: Akita, Japanese Spitz, Japanese Chin, Shikoku Inu, Hokkaido Inu, Kai Ken, Kishu, Tosa, Japanese Terrier, and Sakhalin Husky. Among the 6 original breeds, Shiba is the smallest and also the most popular.
People often recognize Shiba Inu via its small size (12-17 inches in height and 15-24 pounds in weight), yellow/red – white fur, curling fluffy tail, and its chubby fluffy face. Shiba Inu shares several appearance traits to fox and it has quite balanced body.
This cute guy from from Japan is quite famous for its intelligence, bold, and loyal personality. That said; its popularity mostly comes from its cute and adorable face, and moreover, the “doge meme”!
The Shiba Inu which sets the “doge viral” is a female named Kabosu. Not so long ago there was rumor that she was passed away; however, her owner – Atsuko Sato confirmed that she is still alive and well.
In Japanese, “Inu” means dog, yet the meaning of “Shiba” is still unclear. The most popular theory currently is that “Shiba” means “brushwood”, while some other believe it means “small”.
The Japanese has 3 words describing this breed: ”Kan-i“ referring to their bravery and alertness; “Ryosei“ referring to their good-nature, loyalty, and obedience; and “Soboku” referring to their natural good looks.
While in fact there are 2 Corgi breeds: Pembroke Welsh Corgi and Cardigan Welsh Corgi, in this case we choose Pembroke Welsh Corgi since they are more popular.
Many people like Pembroke Welsh Corgi. These little guys are extremely adorable with 4 short legs yet long body and fluffy “momo” butts. No doubt, they are one of the most popular dog breeds in the world currently.
Even though they are short and small, by all means do not underestimate this “energy bundle”. These Corgis are extremely agile and fast, unlike what people may think when looking at their body. In addition, despite of their small size, they are actually among the oldest herders and extremely good at that. But of course, we don’t simply love Corgis for being professional herders or being strong. We love them for their cuteness and especially that “sweet butts”.
In terms of size, both Shiba Inu and Corgi are relatively in equal. At first glance, we may mistake that Shiba Inu is bigger than Corgi but it’s because Corgis are born short-legged. If we look at their height and weight, they are pretty close. While Shiba Inu is surely higher than a Corgi (about 3 to 5 inches), Corgi weighs more than a Shiba (about 6 pounds at max).
When it comes to shedding and cleaning, Shiba Inu seems to win since normally Shiba Inu is quite clean and they don’t really need frequent bathing. In addition, Corgi tends to shed more frequently than Shiba Inu (although Shiba also sheds a ton occasionally).
Since both Shiba Inu and Corgi are trained for hunting (Shiba Inu) and herding (Corgi), they possess quite sturdy and healthy body (provided that they get exercise regularly). Yet in this case, Shiba Inu has less health problems to worry about than Corgi. Despite of Corgi’s long and cute body, they have higher chance to have back problems. Therefore, many experienced trainers suggest not letting them jump around furniture.
In Shiba Inu’s side, generally it is intelligent, bold, loyal, and more typically, independent. To some extent, we can say Shiba Inu is somewhat similar to cat in terms of independence. While they are smart, they do not listen to orders easily and it requires early and regular training for them to be totally obedience. Shiba Inu is also really brave, making it splendid guard dogs. But again, the downside is that it is quite stubborn and doesn’t exactly obey its master.
Still, despite its high independence and stubbornness, Shiba Inu is extremely loyal to its master and the family. That said; Shiba Inu isn’t exactly friendly to the outsiders and other pets. As the results, the owner needs to let Shiba Inu socialize with other people and pets early so that they won’t be aggressive in later years.
On the other hand, Corgi is also intelligent, brave, yet it is more friendly and easy-going than Shiba Inu. Unlike the independent Shiba Inu, Corgi prefers to please its master. Combining with its intelligence, Corgi is relatively easy to train provided that they can exercise regularly. Also, Corgi’s bravery makes it a good guard dog, but not as aggressive as Shiba Inu.
Corgi is generally friendly and they can socialize with other people and pets much easier than Shiba Inu. And since this playful buddy likes to please its master, Corgi is definitely a nice companion in the family. One thing to note though, Corgi is inherently a herder and it has high tendency to nip. Therefore, supervision is necessary when letting a Corgi playing with young kids.
Overall, both Shiba Inu and Corgi are in equal in terms of intelligence, activeness, and bravery. Still if we consider friendliness and easy trainability as main factors then the point goes to Corgi. Shiba Inu is no doubt cute and adorable; however, its personality makes it much more difficult to train than Corgi. And so, Shiba Inu is not recommended for people who don’t have any experience with dog raising and training. Meanwhile, Corgi is more friendly and easier to train, making it a much better choice for beginners.
Frankly speaking, we can’t exactly decide which breed is better since each possesses different traits. And so when it comes to raising and training, it is more about the owner’s capability and preference, rather than the breeds themselves. Still, there are some notes we can pay attention to in order to decide which breed will be our pet of choice.
In terms of cuteness, we can’t compare these two since both Shiba Inu and Corgi are adorable, in their own way. Shiba Inu’s natural appearance alone makes it lovely to watch, especially that sweet chubby fluffy face. While Corgi scores due to its “sexy butts” and “goofy” type of cute. And so, it depends on our personal sense of cuteness.
In terms of health, Shiba Inu seems to have less health problem to worry about than Corgi. However, when it comes to personality, Corgi is more friendly and obedient than Shiba Inu. Therefore, if you are not experienced in raising dog, it’s better to have a Corgi rather than Shiba Inu. Again, although Shiba Inu is adorable, raising it is a totally different story and it is not suggested unless you are experienced dog owner or trainer.
And that wraps up this “pets battle” for today! Thank you and stay tune for more news in the future!
Disclaimer: Our website and browser extensions are made by fans, for fans. We are not affiliated with or sponsored by the entity whose materials are represented in the extensions. The trademarks belong to their respective owners.
Hockey star Alexander Crossman has a reputation as a cold-hearted player on and off the rink. Pushed into the sport by an alcoholic father, Alex isn't afraid to give fans the proverbial middle finger, relishing his role as the MVP they love to hate. Management, however, isn't so amused. Now Alex has a choice: fix his public image through community service or ride the bench...
I love reading sport themed books, especially about hockey. I'm a proud puck lover:) And I really enjoyed reading this one. There was not unnecessary drama, there were hot steamy sex scenes and finally there were wonderful charachters.
Alex, named MVP - Most Valuable Prick, is an incredible hockey player, too bad he doesn't give a shit about a game, his team and fans. To fix his and team's reputation, Cold Fury's management sends him to participate in a drug awar
Alex, named MVP - Most Valuable Prick, is an incredible hockey player, too bad he doesn't give a shit about a game, his team and fans. To fix his and team's reputation, Cold Fury's management sends him to participate in a drug awareness program. That is where he meets Sutton, a drug counsellor he is supposed to cooperate with. What they both have in common, is their rough past, the difference is she moved on and is doing well, while he still lets the past rule his present. They can't deny mutual attraction and slowly their professional relationship turns into something more. There was a slight slip-up on Alex's part along the way, but nothing major, not the drama I couldn't deal with and enough grovelling made me forgive him fast (and yes it was soooo grovelling). Also, believe me when I say that Alex is sex on skates! That man is hawt and lickable, not kidding! Just imagine those ice hockey bodies and you'll get the picture:) A little example maybe?
Sawyer Bennett has an incredible talent of creating asshole heroes, that I fall for, and this one was no exception. Alex is mean and bitter, he has no friends or social life, always sarcastic and cocky bastard you would say, but he is not that man when it comes to Sutton. He is caring and attentive, she seems to know how to bring the best part of him to the surface.
I also liked that Sutton didn't steal the show here, the title is "Alex" and it was a book about Alex, though she played an important part of the story. With her help, he slowly changed from unlikable person to friendly team-mate, loving boyfriend and good role model for his young fans.
Aww, and I loved the ending and epilogue. Using the motive from "Love actually" was a brilliant idea. It was sweet and heart-warming. Ok, I saw this gif in other reviews, but it is just asking to put it here, I can't help myself using it too, sorry girls;)
We also got to meet Garret (Smart. Mother. Fucker.), Alex's team mate, who is womanizer, but the one that is respectful to women he "has fun with" and I can't wait to see him being struck by cupid's arrow.
Oh, one more thing, I almost forgot, total cover lust !!! I hope Garrett's book will have as hot cover as this one, seriously drooling here;)
At the risk of sounding like I'm repeating myself, once again I have to express the fact that nothing attracts me more to a book than the words 'sports related and romance' in the same sentence. Sawyer Bennett blew me away with her romantic story telling and I can tell you right from the start that although the cover to this book is delicious all by itself it
At the risk of sounding like I'm repeating myself, once again I have to express the fact that nothing attracts me more to a book than the words 'sports related and romance' in the same sentence. Sawyer Bennett blew me away with her romantic story telling and I can tell you right from the start that although the cover to this book is delicious all by itself it does not give what's inside justice. If you are expecting an easy going romance with all the usual ingredients for a book in this genre then you'll be pleasantly surprised because not only do you get all of the above but you get a whole lot more. Bennett has packed her pages full of heart felt sentiments and a journey of two characters that completely stole my attention. 'Alex' is a gorgeously written tale of healing, love and fulfilment and I for one am fully convinced by this authors talent.
Alex Crossman is a NHL superstar with an attitude as big as his talent. Winning hockey games has never been his problem but fighting his past so that it doesn't affect his future is becoming a living nightmare. Following the demands of his management team Alex must start to change his public image and make some drastic changes. When Sutton price first meets the famous hockey star she finds herself attracted to this difficult man with more secrets than she is able to unravel, but as this duo start to work together the attraction is undeniable and they soon start to feel more for each other than they both dare to admit. But sadly when broken pasts and an unwillingness to love gets in the way of a happy ending they both have to make the decision to fight for what they love.
Determination, courage, love and full of heart this book made my reading time a pleasure. 'Alex' was a superb love story that had plenty of depth and emotion attached to it. One of things I appreciated most about this authors story telling and what stood out to me most was that the author didn't add any additional, unnecessary drama to sensationalise the story telling instead Bennett has created a story line that turned out to be a fantastic page turner and fabulous love story. As for the characters, they also thoroughly impressed me. I have no qualms about admitting that a hero with a moody, brooding self confessed prick persona is always going to be winning brownie points in my camp. I love that 'love to hate' you feeling and this author has captured that perfectly in this book. Alex Crossman has more than his fair share of demons to fight, and I enjoy nothing more than a tortured hero who discovers he may be falling in love. The heroine was perfectly relatable she had her insecurities without ever being overbearing or irritating in fact she was the star of the show as she showed her strength through her difficulties. Everything from the hockey playing to the passion and heartache was played out so well there was little to find fault about. If you like to read about affairs of the heart that have a great plot to go alongside it then you won't go far wrong picking up this book. And as always when I read a book as good a this one I'm now going on the hunt for books that are similar. Sawyer Bennett has well and truly earned my attention and I can happily add this couple to one of my favourites.
I battled a little with myself over the rating of this book. There is undeniably no question as to whether I loved this book or not and I'm sure I'll not be for forgetting this authors name for future releases. However (it's a small however) there were times when the story slowed down somewhat and I felt a lull in the plot progress that made consider the full five star rating. But make no mistake I enjoyed the journey from chapter one until the end and I was a little forlorn to say goodbye to the two characters that I had most certainly grown to love.
I'm not sure what this author plans on working on next but I have no shame in admitting that I will beg, plead and stalk Mrs Bennett for a book to be written about Garrett. As a secondary character in this book he stole just a little of the limelight and I'm now desperately in need for that hero to find his own happy ending. As for 'Alex' this will be a novel that I have no doubts about revisiting. Sexy, heartwarming, romantic and completely read worthy this book had me from the moment I picked it up right up until the end. If you love the books you read to include a charming heroine with plenty of heart and a hero that gets your heart pounding then this story will be a treat for you. I'm still thinking on this story days after finishing it and I'm hoping other readers will love it just as much as I did. Readers don't miss out on meeting Alex Crossman he's a hero I'm sure you'll love to hate and by the end I can guarantee he will have won you over. Enjoy, kisses.
Sutton Price works as a counsellor at a crisis centre. She’s there for the kids and is passionate about making a difference in their lives. Sutton herself has experienced and overcome a great deal of difficulty, giving her wonderful inner strength and a quiet, all knowing confidence that's contagious. Sutton is both endearing and inspiring.
He’s a complete asshole to everyone, fans and team mates alike, but he's also their superstar gifted player so he gets away with it, until now..... Now, he's been ordered to improve his reputation by working on a project with Sutton.
Sutton knows nothing about Hockey so she's not overwhelmed in anyway by his persona. Something about Sutton, her honesty, her care, her attitude towards life inspires Alex to think and feel differently about everything, including the game of Hockey. They change things for each other in a beautiful, inspiring way.
Sutton aims to keep things as business only and he doesn't 'do' relationships of any kind but they have a strong pull to one another, an undeniable attraction both physically and mentally.
Alex is closed off emotionally but, as in all good romances, the love and care of a wonderful heroine is a balm to his wounds. The way he responds to her is blissfully mixed with a dash of angst. I felt his presence and charisma and their first time together is... WOW... magnificently hot! In fact the story is a whole load of yumminess!
Things hang in the balance….. Alex has the power to screw things up or let himself feel. He’s burdened by the weight of his past and present.
I found myself smiling my way through the read and feeling the warm fuzzies, it appealed to my romantic side in a big way.
is perfectly paced and lightly angsty which is perfect for the story presented. I loved the narrative of the heroine, her inner voice is effortless on the mind and Alex is just dreamy, I loved being inside his brooding head. I felt a wonderful subtlety to the writing, there are no over dramatics which I greatly appreciated. This is one of those stories that I picked up with little expectation. I’ve never read a book by this author and I’m not a Hockey fan, partly due to the fact that it’s not a big sport in the UK. I have to say after reading ALEX, I wish it was.
This quantity is the 1st of 4 that may supply the most major, English-language articles at the ancient improvement of the police establishment. The articles incorporated during this quantity are commonly of 2 types. the 1st introduce many of the theoretical outlines which have been advised for the origins and improvement of recent police associations throughout Europe.
Jordi is phoenix worst student hes been taking music lessons from her for months he sticks his exotic asian classic video austin kincaid, babe. 759 pov 69 free videos found on xvideos for this search. Kissporntubecom is a free porn site featuring a lot of sunny leone tube videos 100% free hot sexiest singles: wwwstarthookupcom -solo asian (59252) ass. Asian chat line - free to call - meet local people apple b loading hookup and chat with singles near you - duration: rob kincaid 31,123 views.
Singles soccer mom ass up bj austin kincaid (44) ava devine (272) ava lauren (12) asian anal (419) incest (105) secretary (2695. Swinger - 47556 videos swinger, swingers, swinger wife, wife swap, wife, orgy and much mature asian swinger in group fun austin kincaid austin taylor ava. Kincaid singles on mate1 – find local matches online today. 03:34 cute asian mom fucks by a her cute austin kincaid (63) ava devine (353 buy/sell traffic we have zero toolerance policy against illegal pornography.
Free landlord porn clips submitted at sex tube box, landlord sex videos, we have 1 pages juicy landlord videos, 1-168 of 168 sex tube movies. Kincaid's best 100% free asian girls dating site meet thousands of single asian women in kincaid with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of asian women in kincaid is the perfect place to make friends or find an asian girlfriend in kincaid. Meet asian singles in kincaid interested in meeting new people to date on zoosk over 30 million single people are using zoosk to find people to date.
Faith focused dating and relationships browse profiles & photos of catholic singles join catholicmatchcom, the clear leader in online dating for catholics with more catholic singles than any other catholic dating site. Free sex dating in ansted, west virginia casual dating, married dating with an asian, white, black, latino, interracial singles or couples for sex,. Myporndir - list of the most popular and best free porn sites get in touch myporndir® 2018 ultimate porn site collection 2018.
Watch hd porn videos, hd sex movies on abdula porn every day fresh free porn videos. Zoosk online dating makes it easy to connect with singles in kincaid date smarter date online with zoosk. Huge archive of recorded live webcam shows from chaturbate and myfreecams models over 7000 videos of 937 models you can also vote for your favorite cam model if there are currently no videos available.
Find a great collection of single-serve coffee at costco enjoy low warehouse prices on name-brand single-serve coffee products.
Play over 1000 free racing games online, including car games, bike games, parking games and more on gamesfreaknet new free games added daily. Bbc home sex - free bbc sex video, free streaming bbc movies, free flash amateur porn movies. Porn videos club - 30544 videos club, party, bar, club party, public, vip and much more.
Amey and Sersa, as part of the S&C North Alliance, win Infrastructure Achievement Award at National Rail Awards
KOLON BASF innoPOM Inc., the 50:50 joint venture between KOLON PLASTICS and BASF established in 2016, has started operations at its new polyoxymethylene (POM) production plant in Gimcheon, Korea.
The new production with a capacity of 70,000 metric tons per year, combined with KOLON PLASTICS’ existing annual POM production capacity of 80,000 metric tons, creates the world’s largest POM production facility, with a total annual capacity of 150,000 metric tons. Construction of the KRW 260 billion (approximately $220 million) plant, which began in April 2016, lasted for 27 months without any safety or environmental incidents.
The plant combines BASF’s stringent quality control system and its energy-saving technology with KOLON PLASTICS’ highly efficient and stable production capabilities, built over more than 20 years, to produce best-in-class POM products. KOLON BASF innoPOM will be able to provide a stable supply of POM to KOLON PLASTICS and BASF, each with their own sales network, enabling the two companies to cater to increasing market demand.
The shared facility, with separate production systems customised to serve each company’s customers, will enable a highly competitive form of cooperation. Kocetal® from KOLON PLASTICS and Ultraform® from BASF will be produced at the new plant using technologies from the two companies. BASF will be applying its global property and quality control standards throughout the process to ensure the same high quality as volumes produced in Germany.
POM production requires a complex, high-end technology and KOLON PLASTICS’ simplified production process has been recognised by BASF for its efficiency.
“The new plant we have built together with KOLON PLASTICS sets an industry benchmark for the production of POM. It employs innovative environmental management standards that improve production efficiency, resulting in less energy use. With BASF’s first POM production in Asia, we will be able to provide a stable supply of high-quality POM to the Asia Pacific region, as well as to the rest of the world,” said Raimar Jahn, President, Performance Materials, BASF.
“The joint venture leverages the strengths of each company and is a great example of how partners can work together to generate significant synergies and strengthen our global market position. We hope to continue this partnership in other areas of business as well,” said Yeong-Bom Kim, joint-representative of KOLON BASF innoPOM and Representative Director of KOLON PLASTICS.
KOLON BASF innoPOM will contribute to vitalising the local economy and create additional value in related industries such as maintenance and logistics.
Polyoxymethylene resins are engineering plastics used in complex and highly durable components. Their high strength and resilience, friction performance and chemical resistance enable a broad range of applications in automotive manufacturing as well as in electric and electronic goods. 42% of the world’s demand is used for manufacturing key vehicle components such as fuel pumps and safety belts. Global chemical companies are focusing on developing lighter and stronger high-quality engineering plastics, supporting the growing trend towards lightweight vehicle materials for greater fuel efficiency.
Then the Prophet (S) has entrusted Ali (as) with it (the imamate) according to the order of Allah and then it has been inherited by Ali’s pure progeny, whom Allah has granted faith, knowledge and wisdom as He has said,
“And those who are given knowledge and faith will say: Certainly you tarried according to the ordinance of Allah till the Day of Resurrection.”13
Taken from Casta Troy’s maiden EP, dubbed Mind of Picasso, here comes my favorite song titled “Spoon Dem”
Born, Ashikwei-Mensah Attram Casta Troy is often tagged as one of Takoradi’s finest English rappers. He already released a couple singles Madamfo. Under Siege.
IPA CIS observers held an outcome meeting after the monitoring of the presidential election in Moldova.
The observers shared their findings after observing the voting process in Chisinau and the regions of Moldova.
Director of IIMDD IPA CIS Dmitry Gladey presented the consolidated data on the results of the observation at polling stations in Baku, Minsk, Moscow, and St. Petersburg.
8 november 2018 IPA CIS Observers were invited to the snap elections to the National Assembly of the Republic of Armenia
8 november 2018 Meeting of the CIS Advisory Board on Youth Affairs takes place in the Republic of Armenia
© 2013 Interparliamentary Assembly of Member Nations of the Commonwealth of Independent States (IPA CIS)
Skullz Roundup by Julie Elliott. Photo by Julie Elliott. There is NO rule about having all your holiday decorations done before said holiday. (We have a friend who enjoys doing
Browse Posts by Month Select Month January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011
Get the latest news about how to become a successful and location independent entrepreneurs and join the global community of change-makers.
"We cannot be sure of having something to live for unless we are willing to die for it." Ernesto Che Guevara
only paris hilton can make a living off of just partying and getting wasted. the rest of us have to work
he has a steady, well paying job, he's relatively happy, he's smarter than most. i fail to see how he doesn't work for his entertainment.
Who the hell pitches a fit about a random meaningless flame about someone else, and then shows up in shining armour talking about their level of happiness?
Everything's all lolol why so serios, dupe's and gimmick's galore until someone actually gets pwned. Scamming and shitting all over people is all fun and games until you're the one being fooled.
Don't get me wrong, I'm not defending the guys actions but if this had been a thread about how some guy on 4chan/SA/OT etc. ripped of a bunch of people by pretending he had cancer, we wouldn't really give shit. But now that someone's had forum regulars hook, line and sinker we need his head on a platter
Half of the shit on genmay is just people pretending to be something on the internet that they're actually not. This champ did a really good job at it, he may have been a gargantuan douchebag for doing so.. but he sure did have you guys going for good while there.
There's a slight difference between shenning people about having cancer and pretending to be a med student, giving medical advice, taking donations from people, meeting people IRL, claiming both parents are dead and then pretending to have cancer, after posting at a forum for 5 years.
Well since this guy isn't posting in the thread, time for wild and baseless accusations and conspiracy theories. I'll start:
This was all planned out as a publicity stunt to draw attention to genmay/crowdgather. Manufactured drama to bring in the page views! Sanjay even admits that this guy was on the payroll...
I'm not accusing him of anything because I don't know the guy or wtf. but people are going nuts on his facebook and messaging his facebook friends.
Good luck to you sir. I was diagnosed with a terminal astrocytoma in my temple at the beginning of June. I'm on a couple different chemo oral meds as well as starting radiation next week.
I’m a 27 year old medical school student attending Vanderbilt University in Nashville, TN. I was recently diagnosed with cancers of the brain, liver, and bladder.
I have... Read More never met anyone who had fabricated as many stories that you have. People like you should be put into a mental hospital. I am not sad or upset. I am ANGRY and you will find out very soon that you messed with the wrong person. Watch out Ryan you are going to wish you had a brain tumor.
I'm still in shock! I knew it! So is Debbie really dead? Your EX WIFE!?!? and who are you making your ex wife? I know you told your ex girlfriend that I killed myself, but I hope your not making me a wife!! LOL .. I want to know who you were married too ... Your living with your dead mother in Vegas..this is all kinda sad kiddo, you promised me ... Read Morethat you stopped lying .. that you learned your lesson, but evidently from what Marice told me, and your friend Leigh down there..your up to your old tricks .. and lying about cancer, that's a new low... sad.
Omg, you guys are giving him money?! You've got to be kidding .. this is more of a mess than I thought. Yes, it's true ryan is a liar! I've known him since I was 16, and he's fucked me over.. I just feel bad for all of you who believed him. I'm truly sorry. He's lied to a lot of people, not just me .. but also his ex Marcie. I've met his real ... Read Morefamily, I've been to Florida.. we were once roommates.. and he lied to me, so we stopped being friends. Then I felt bad for him because of his "cancer" .. so I started talking to him again, found out he's been lying to a lot of people saying that his ex wife killed herself, he told me that his mother died..he told other people that he's living with his mother in vegas.. I'm just sick to see that he's still doing this shit. I thought he changed. Seriously people, look into it.. He's never even been to college .. he always wanted to go .. but never did, his life styles and his lies got in his way.
Well, Ryan You know I am not a mean person and have been going through a lot of shit in my life. How does it make you feel, that you had the opportunity to have a good friend (wether you were sick or not) and you totally screwed yourself on this one.
I think you need to get some help. You are very smart, and could go far in life. But let me tell ... Read Moreyou, if you keep this up, only super bad things are going to happen to you.
I am not done exposing you for who you are. I am already digging up stuff about you and it is not good.
You might want to put an apology out there to everyone you hurt and lied too. Then maybe have a sit down and pray to God to forgive you.
We didn't actually have a user lie about having cancer to get money out of people, did we? Someone tell me these are crazy drama whores? (Of course that would mean this guy is actually going to die and I dunno if that's better.)
1. People on facebook talk to each other and realize they're getting very different stories from coolnes28.
There he goes. One of God's own prototypes. Some kind of high powered mutant never even considered for mass production. Too weird to live, and too rare to die.
he has posted pictures of himself without any hair or eyebrows and looking white as a ghost, similar to how 2slow looked when he was doing chemo.
I can't post about this promising photographer without Sanjays triggers going off - General [M]ayhem
Time for a fix. Once and for all. Sanjay - - Give Pyramid full control over this cesspool. The last ditch moderation tactics applied to this site were crude and are now hampering regular day-to-day operations on this forum.
Buuuuuuut no. denied. Sanjay gave the go ahead for triggers which would supposedly reduce filth. He can't have Genmayers slandering his masters in the Elders of Zion. If you won't give pyramid full control, can we at least just go back to the honor system, and disable these triggers. I promise on behalf of the entire forum that we will self moderate. Call s rap guys and OMGOMGOMGOMGs people of the jewish faith.
I think Ghetto was just using it as an excuse to call the devs out... but, I get it, and I agree with him.
It's funny, the other day at work I was having a discussion with 3 of my coworkers (females, 1 of which is the project manager (so, my boss)) and we were talking about the word 'cunt' 2 of them didn't understand why there was such an uproar over the use of it (i.e. it's considered by some just as bad as 'nigger'). The third girl didn't even know what it meant
The career website Glassdoor today released its best business outlook companies list with reporting that Google employees are most optimistic about business outlook, followed by Qualcomm, Yahoo, SAP, and Amazon. The search giant topped the list with 86 percent of its workforce believing that the company will perform better in the next six months.
Other on the list, Qualcomm accounted for 76 percent of its employees having a believe that the business outlook will improve while Yahoo having 75 percent of its workforce positive over the outlook while interestingly, the three of the companies having zero percent of their workforce projecting that their businesses would get any worse.
Please can we remind young people and their parents that the walk in auditions for the next City Gang Show take place on…
Just want to say a massive Thank You to all the groups that turned up and supported District Camp this year!…
They are taking part to help raise funds for their own scout groups!! Show your support by sponsoring them
Akela Vera Jaques District Life President, Bradford South Scouts. It is with great sadness that I have to announce the…
Photos from Bradford North District Scouts’s postBig congratulations to all of our st George’s day award recipients incl…
Aftenpostens dekning av språkstriden : ein studie av korleis språkstriden mellom 1972 og 1981 vart framstilt i Aftenposten
Horny dentist is using an opportunity to fuck Misha Cross, while no one is in the office ::: PERFECT GIRLS
. Alex’s reputation typically precedes him, but Sutton, however is not a hockey fan. At first, she cannot help but be
but he's not winning points with fans or teammates. His attitude stems from his childhood with a drunk father. This lack of love for the game and his poor attitude has his coach wanting him to clean up his act.
, on a drug/alcohol campaign to help the youth in the community. At the beginning of the book I had a few moments where I felt like Sutton wasn't a 22 year old but rather a 40 year old divorcee (drinking wine alone in the house she owns...all she was missing was a cat or two).
I loved the "Love Actually" movie moment in the hockey rink. I fell a little for Alex at that moment.
COLD FURY is a professional hockey team chalked full of hot guys that we will see in upcoming books.
I’ve been told many times I need to read Sawyer Bennett, that I would love her stuff. Finally, I did it. Read my first book by this author. I have to say- I really enjoyed it. I’m not a sports fan. Not even a little… but for some reason, I like books about hockey players. There is just something about them. Alex is one of those guys thats a straight up bastard- and you know those are my favorite kind!!!
Alex Crossman is good at hockey. No, he’s great at hockey. One of the best. The problem? He doesn’t give a shit about hockey. It’s just something he’s always been pressured to do his entire life. The pressure to be perfect makes him hate the game. His hockey team can tell he doesn’t care and coach is getting a lot of pressure for him to have a better attitude. Alex is mandated to help with a drug awareness program to give his image a makeover. That is where he meets Sutton.
Sutton Price is the opposite of Alex. She’s a drug counselor, and even though her job is difficult, she loves it. Sutton hasn’t had the perfect life either, but she did not let it define her like Alex. She rose above it and is a wonderful person and role model. When she meets Alex, sparks fly. They get along better than expected. Alex likes that Sutton calls him out when he does something stupid. He likes that she's passionate about her job, that she cares about her kids and her family. He likes everything about her. Thats never happened to him before. Hockey is his only focus. Women are just there on the side. Sutton is different, and he wants to explore it.
For the first time in his life, Alex is actually enjoying playing hockey, starting to care again. Sutton is the reason for that change.
It is so out of the norm for Alex, but he’s starting to care not only about hockey, but about Sutton too. The thing I love most about Sutton is that she doesn’t put Alex in this box of hockey player with an attitude. She shows him that he is the only person who can decide who he is. Not others.
Alex really cares for Sutton. Sutton is falling hard for Alex. Alex is conflicted. Things from his past that surface make him question if he can ever be in a relationship. He’s worried his demons will show and drive Sutton away. The last thing he wants to do is hurt her, but he can’t be away from her either.
Alex could be a jerk, but he could also be a really great guy. I loved seeing how much he grew in this story. He was a jerk in the beginning, but turned out to be really sweet and swoony by the end. Sutton was a fabulous heroine. She was kind, understanding and sweet. Almost seemed too perfect at times, but regardless- I really liked her. Another character I really loved was Garrett. I’m hoping he gets his own story down the line!
This was an easy read for the most part. There were some emotional moments, but it was a lot of sweet and sexy too.Getting both Alex and Sutton’s pov really helped with seeing Alex’s struggles and growth. I enjoyed this authors writing style. I’m looking forward to reading more of her hockey boys!
This was my first time reading a book written by Sawyer Bennett, and I can honestly say that I am looking forward to reading the rest of the books in this series, plus all over her other works!! I've read one other book about a sexy Hockey player, and after having read
Alex Crossman plays for North Carolina's NHL team the Cold Fury. He's the designated bad boy of the team. Definitely the best player, but has an attitude that rubs his fellow team mates, managers, and fans the wrong way. Alex usually scores the most goals in every game, which deems him the "MVP", but fans give him the nickname,
. He's a professional hockey player, who hates the game itself. This is due to having an abusive father who pushed him beyond his limits to be the best at the sport.
The team's management is looking to improve Alex's reputation. He's told he must act as the Cold Fury's spokesman for an anti-drug abuse campaign. He will be working closely with a counselor at the local Drug Crisis Center. Alex is a bit ticked off by being forced into this community service but it's either comply or kiss his career goodbye.
Sutton Price is a counselor at the Wake County Drug Crisis Center. She's very passionate about her job and excited about her project to start up a new program to help at-risk youth throughout the state. She knows she will be working closely with Alex on the project but since she's not a hockey fan, she knows nothing about him.
As soon as they meet there's an instant attraction. Sutton tries to fight it as she thinks it would be unprofessional to get involved with each other. Alex has never had any deep feelings for a woman before. He tends to stick to women who offer up casual sex.
sex scenes were insanely hot! But there was more to their relationship than the amazing sex, they seemed to be a perfect fit and Sutton actually brings light back into Alex' life. He comes out of his protective shell and begins to socialize with his team mates. He even begins to find the passion that he had lost for Hockey.
Something has to come along and cause drama for the couple and it will be Alex's old demons from the past. I was not a fan of how he handled things with Sutton, but I give her credit for not taking any of his crap and letting him know just what a douche he was being.
This story had several secondary characters that I loved, but my favorite was Garrett, a fellow team mate of Alex's. I'm anxious to read his book!
!! I definitely recommend this one. It had a deliciously hot book boyfriend, awesome heroine, and the book was all around an enjoyable read.
After reading two very intense and powerfully gripping books, I turned to this book as it seemed like a light and straight-forward read, something I was in the mood for. I guess I shouldn’t judge a book by its
cover because it wasn’t just all fun and steamy. Behind Alex’s cold indifference and Sutton’s bubbly enthusiasm lie issues that are common in many households: abuse and alcoholism. I deeply admire the author for tackling both of these tough subjects in this book and giving thes
cover because it wasn’t just all fun and steamy. Behind Alex’s cold indifference and Sutton’s bubbly enthusiasm lie issues that are common in many households: abuse and alcoholism. I deeply admire the author for tackling both of these tough subjects in this book and giving these characters, albeit fictional, hope that no matter how harsh their past, no one has control over their present and future. It is a beautiful message. However, there are a few things I wasn’t too fond of that were present in this book and kept me from fully enjoying it.
When I first got a glimpse of Alex’s childhood, I wanted to hug the man. I also understood his loathing for hockey, his father, and relationships in general. Yet it still doesn’t give him a reason to treat others – and especially Sutton – like trash just because he’s in a shitty mood. My biggest complaint would be his momentary lapse in judgment near the end of the book:
This part was annoying because I felt like it was completely unnecessary – I mean if Alex is going to
What is her middle name, doormat? Don’t get me wrong, she’s a good woman but at the same time she was so…obtuse.
Quite frankly, I think it’s just eerie that someone like Sutton exists. Call me cynical or whatever…but I’m going to quote from another book that explains what I think of her:
Additionally, the wrap-up of all the loose ends in this book (Alex’s dad, Sutton’s ex, etc…) was just
perfect and all jammed together I felt like the author was rushing to give them an HEA. However, she does have a very simple yet addictive writing style that I liked and the ending was sweet but it wasn’t enough because I didn’t really love any of the characters. All in all, an easily forgettable story that provided temporary enjoyment.
GET INSTANT ACCESS TO Teen Models All famous Euro and USA teen porn models are here demonstrating you all their sex facilities: playing with sex-toys, fetish, fisting and etc…
They are very hot to have a fun with them, so glamour and elegant, even being naked. Their shine bodies turn you on and full your perverted mind with pleasant stuff, because this collection gathered together only hottest and lusty teen models.
According to a SINAPRED report on 28 March INETER noted that lava-lake activity at Masaya's Santiago crater was intense and the craters continued to gradually widen. Emissions were at low levels.
Geologic Background. Masaya is one of Nicaragua's most unusual and most active volcanoes. It lies within the massive Pleistocene Las Sierras pyroclastic shield volcano and is a broad, 6 x 11 km basaltic caldera with steep-sided walls up to 300 m high. The caldera is filled on its NW end by more than a dozen vents that erupted along a circular, 4-km-diameter fracture system. The twin volcanoes of Nindirí and Masaya, the source of historical eruptions, were constructed at the southern end of the fracture system and contain multiple summit craters, including the currently active Santiago crater. A major basaltic Plinian tephra erupted from Masaya about 6500 years ago. Historical lava flows cover much of the caldera floor and have confined a lake to the far eastern end of the caldera. A lava flow from the 1670 eruption overtopped the north caldera rim. Masaya has been frequently active since the time of the Spanish Conquistadors, when an active lava lake prompted attempts to extract the volcano's molten "gold." Periods of long-term vigorous gas emission at roughly quarter-century intervals cause health hazards and crop damage.
KVERT reported that satellite images showed a thermal anomaly over Sheveluch during 12-13 August; cloudy weather prevented views of the volcano on the other days during 10-17 August. The Aviation Color Code remained at Orange (the second highest level on a four-color scale).
Geologic Background. The high, isolated massif of Sheveluch volcano (also spelled Shiveluch) rises above the lowlands NNE of the Kliuchevskaya volcano group. The 1300 km3 volcano is one of Kamchatka's largest and most active volcanic structures. The summit of roughly 65,000-year-old Stary Shiveluch is truncated by a broad 9-km-wide late-Pleistocene caldera breached to the south. Many lava domes dot its outer flanks. The Molodoy Shiveluch lava dome complex was constructed during the Holocene within the large horseshoe-shaped caldera; Holocene lava dome extrusion also took place on the flanks of Stary Shiveluch. At least 60 large eruptions have occurred during the Holocene, making it the most vigorous andesitic volcano of the Kuril-Kamchatka arc. Widespread tephra layers from these eruptions have provided valuable time markers for dating volcanic events in Kamchatka. Frequent collapses of dome complexes, most recently in 1964, have produced debris avalanches whose deposits cover much of the floor of the breached caldera.
The now Global Student Packaging Designer of the Year competition (The SPDYs) is an (almost!) annual, not-for-profit event to find the best and brightest packaging innovators for the FMCG/CPG industries.
Some of the best and brightest will be offered work placements and professional development opportunities such as with 2 Sisters Food Group and Betty & Taylors
For designs that improve the consumer experience of packaging by simplifying the ability to open, close or reseal the product without the use of additional tools.
For designs that improve the user's ability to dispense the product easily and simply. This may include the ability to portion a product appropriately, or may concentrate on reducing spillage or wastage of a product.
For designs that will reduce the cost of transportation and storage of goods while still providing shelf appeal and protecting goods appropriately.
For designs that will reduce excessive packaging while still performing a functional capacity and maintaining appeal to the consumer.
For designs that will improve shelf appeal, differentiation and promote consumer interaction, e.g improved communication of data or instructions.
The SPDYs are run by Watch Me Think on a not-for-profit basis and supported by many leading names in the FMCG/CPG industry. They aim to highlight and reward new design talent in higher education while bringing fresh ideas & innovation to the packaging industry.
Speaknowdesigns.com is a website about trends in design, fashion, and style. It contains thousands of video tutorials on how to create genuinely stylish and beautiful things yourself. Watch our collection of videos, rate and comment them. Good luck!
Updated, 5:55 p.m. | Jayson Williams, the former star with the New Jersey Nets, was arrested and charged with driving while intoxicated on Tuesday morning when the sport utility vehicle he was driving struck a tree in Manhattan, the police said.
Mr. Williams refused to submit to a sobriety test that officers tried to administer at the crash site, at East 18th Street near Avenue C, the police said.
The crash occurred about 3:15 a.m., the police said, near an exit of the Franklin D. Roosevelt Drive in Lower Manhattan. Mr. Williams suffered a laceration to his head and was taken to Bellevue Hospital Center, the police said. He was being treated at the hospital Tuesday morning.
When officers arrived at the crash, Mr. Williams was seated in the passenger seat of the black Mercedes-Benz sport utility vehicle and he said that someone else had been driving, the police said. However, the police said that witnesses to the crash reported seeing Mr. Williams in the driver’s seat.
By afternoon, the police said that Mr. Williams had been charged with one count of driving while intoxicated.
The police initially characterized Mr. Williams’s injuries as minor, but the full extent of his condition was unclear.
Paramedics who responded to the crash indicated that he had lacerations to his head. They removed him from the crash site on a back board, as is routine in similar accidents.
Mr. Williams has withstood a flurry of legal troubles stemming from the shooting death of a limousine driver in his home in New Jersey, for which he was arrested and tried. He faces a retrial on a charge of reckless manslaughter in that case, officials have said.
How is this news? Didn’t we learn our lesson with Tiger Woods that athletes are just athletes and cannot be expected to be model citizens, much less role models?
This whole info-tainment craze has reached a tipping point. Let’s get news we can use, not News we can fuse.
Doc Holliday, I disagree that this whole info-tainment craze has reached a tipping point. I think we’re still a long way from that moment.
If this bum was in prison where he belongs, he would not be driving drunk on the streets of New York, endangering other peoples’ lives. He killed a man how many years ago – and the justice system has ground to a halt for him. It’s no longer about his being an athlete – it’s about clearly favorable treatment for somone who has done nothing to deserve it.
I definitely agree that athletes aren’t symbols of moral righteousness, but I think the media covering such events is a good thing. These types of events are stupid mistakes that tons of people make, but when it’s a famous person, it provides a worthwhile bad example for the public.
Like the lesson being imparted by Mr. Williams here is, don’t drive drunk, you’ll be lucky not to get killed or kill anyone else. And he is lucky, I hope while he’s doing some minor jail time or parole he reflects on the fact that he could have gone right through the windshield instead, and refrains from drinking and driving ever again.
Jayson Williams finally got something right: His timing for reappearing in the public eye with his DWI arrest couldn’t be better. Mr. Williams, knucklehead of NBA past, meet Gilbert Arenas, knucklehead of NBA present.
Mr. Williams serves as the perfect reminder of what can happen when an NBA player “jokes around” with his firearms. An innocent limousine driver was killed.
I would consider it no great loss if Gilbert Arenas were permanently banned from the NBA. That’s unlikely to happen, I know, but it would be an effective message to present and future NBA players that our tolerance for the arrogance of professional athletes does have a limit after all.
The morning news has been reporting that he fractured his neck, but is not paralyzed. What a waste for someone so young, wealthy, and physically gifted.
Some of you sour grapes (Christoph, Holliday) need to pipe down. The contention that DWI accidents are only reported in the news when athletes are involved is completely ludicrous.
It is quite apparent that anyone, who has observed Mr. William’s self-destructive behavior over the past several years, could easily be lead to observe that this tormented human being appears to be doing all he can to end his own life without actually endeavoring to commit suicide.
What is so sad is that when he was enjoying the fruits of his athletic abilities and so-called celebrity status, he had all kinds of “handlers, hangers-on, groupies and leeches”!
Unfortunately, now that he appears to be at the bleakest and darkest abyss of his young existence, there does not appear to be anyone around him to help him reclaim his joy and zest for living.
Perhaps he is the author and creator of his present troubles, trial and tribulations. Nonetheless, even when the so-called stablest among us hit rough patches in our past and perhaps preset day existance, we may have been and/or may be now fortunate enough to have other, more stable people (family, friends, colleagues etc) and yes, GOD, to help us find our way back to stable and firmer ground.
Whatever consequences that may arise as a result of Mr. William’s current tribulations, it is my sincere hope and prayer that those, who once orbited his former bright radiant star, will now come to his aide in an effort to prevent him from perhaps permemantly self-extinguishing the life he still has a chance of fully enjoying!
I think that everybody should just lay off the athletes. I mean they are getting way too much media attention just because they do something stupid that another person could just as easily do. People should stop pointing fingers at another guy when they have problems of their own they should deal with.
Wow. Talk about a charmed life. This guy gets drunk and then shoots to death an innocent limo driver. And he is still driving around, drunk as a skunk, with impunity. No wonder people have no faith in the justice system.
More fodder for thought, today there was a news item about two women killed in a car accident, where the main cause was alcohol (probably only one of them was driving drunk). They were not memorably named, because they weren’t famous, but DWI’s certainly get coverage too.
Also I wholeheartedly second A.D. Paniagua’s comment above, that’s the best conclusion to be drawn from this arrest of Mr. Williams. He needs help, and needs it fast, or he’ll be another star that crashed and burned too soon.
Its good that Jayson has been taught a good lesson for drinking and driving. Others will also learn from this.
New York Today is still going strong! Though no longer on City Room, New York Today continues to appear every weekday morning, offering a roundup of news and events for the city. You can find the latest New York Today at nytoday.com or in the morning, on The New York Times homepage or its New York section. You can also receive it via email.
Metropolitan Diary continues to publish! Since 1976, Metropolitan Diary has been a place for New Yorkers, past and present, to share odd fleeting moments in the city. We will continue to publish one item each weekday morning and a round-up in Monday's print edition. You can find the latest entries at nytimes.com/diary and on our New York section online.
City Room®, a news blog of live reporting, features and reader conversations about New York City, has been archived. Send questions or suggestions by e-mail.
We kickoff the new year with an inspiring story about an AmeriCorps member who is giving back to her community by contributing a second year of service in her alma mater, Carver Middle School. We sat down with the South Central LA native to talk about her passion for education and what it means to give back to her community.
My kids. I experienced so much personal growth during my first year that when I look back at who I was, and who I am today, I am left in disbelief. I never thought that a bunch of sassy, funny, vibrant young scholars would make such a huge impact on my life. They decided my life course—they made it easy for me.
Why do you think it’s valuable for students to have role models who come from their own communities or similar backgrounds?
By being part of their community or background, you understand the struggle and therefore the student will see you as a reflection of them and will trust and welcome you into their personal lives. When my kids hear me speak Spanish they go wild and get super excited. It's such a basic connection, but it creates a huge difference in the way they perceive you. After that, they just don't want to stop talking to you. I can see their eyes light up and their smiles slowly forming at the tailend of my Spanish sentence. It's all about finding common threads. They see themselves in me: a Spanish speaker, Carver Middle School alum, South Central resident, and Latina.
I feel that my presence will have a greater impact on my students because they will have a success story from their community in front of them every day. Through my example, they will know that if I could do it, they can do it too. They will have my unvaivering support to dream big and not let anyone tell them it's not possible. Nothing is impossible. As the saying goes...where there's a will there's a way.
"I appreciate you Ms. Paul! Without you, I wouldn't have survived yesterday!" My partner teacher this morning! #MakeBetterHappen #CYSpirit
City Year is available to all, without regard to race, color, origin, gender, political affiliation, disability, sexual orientation, or religion.
City Year is a US tax-exempt 501(c)(3) non-profit organization (Tax ID Number: 22-2882549). Your gift is tax-deductible as allowed by law.
Welcome to Civilian Soldier Enhanced! We are live and selling products for the civilian soldier. Please feel free to navigate the store, and please click the Contact Us link if you have any questions about Civilian Soldier Enhanced!
Lots of people love filling out quizzes to find out things about themselves they probably already know, and if you’re that type of person here’s another one ...
Some time ago I complained about Maryland restrictions on direct-to-consumer genetic testing. The FDA is currently deliberating about whether to impose simil...
Today is one month since I started the Newt Gingrich weight loss program, and it’s time for a progress report. As you’ll recall, my initial weight as announc...
Yesterday HoCo Connect posted an interesting article on whether Columbia’s village centers are still relevant, including a look back at the original village ...
printable bar graph worksheets 3rd grade making 3 pictograph pictographs tally charts to 1,bar graph worksheets grade for all download and 3 pdf 3rd,bar graph worksheets for third graders grade 3 math 3rd pdf printable,printable bar graph worksheets third grade 3rd pictograph and for 5 collection 3 math,bar graph worksheet 1 worksheets on graphs free math double grade 3 for third graders 3rd pdf,grade 3 math bar graph worksheets science pdf for third graders,making bar graph worksheets grade 3 free printable graphing third 3rd,bar graph worksheets double grade graphs free printable for 3rd making pdf,double bar graph worksheets grade 3 info making 3rd math for third graders,grade 3 bar graph free worksheets for third graders collection of 2 download them and try making.
Game Second Life to 8 years and 1 year'm blogger, I love what I do. I am always looking for new challenges. Who like my work and want me in your blogger team just contact; IgorAlmeida BlackBart
“Be still, and know that I am God…” Psalm 46:10 “Abby, come quickly to the garage.” I knew she would be so excited to see the chunky caterpillar crawling on the floor. As predicted, she was thrilled by my discovery and wanted to keep him. Minutes later, our little friend had a new home in […]
My life is a perpetual rotation of growth. I am a busy body by nature. I almost never ride in the van without the radio on, I am saturated by constant noise (kids, radio, TV, podcasts, crowds, etc.). I am uncomfortable with quiet, to be honest. Even when I am spending time with God in […]
“Put on then, as God’s chosen ones, holy and beloved, compassionate hearts, kindness, humility, meekness, and patience, bearing with one another and, if one has a complaint against another, forgiving each other; as the Lord has forgiven you, so you also must forgive.” Colossians 3:12-13 People tell me,“You are too nice. You are too kind. Your heart […]
Motherhood brings out the best and worst sides of me. I never knew I was capable of living on so little sleep, or keeping a human alive solely on my own body’s ability to produce food. Simultaneously, I never knew how impatient I could become, how easily irritated, how much like all of the things […]
Last Monday morning could not have started out with more promise. I was up by 7am and the Bible was the first thing I began reading that day. To top it off, my six-year old son joined me — a rare treat! We spoke about the presence of God and how that is what makes […]
The imamate has been limited to the progeny of Ali (as) until the Day of Resurrection because there is no prophet after Muhammad (as). Then how can these ignorants choose the imam? Imamate is the rank of the prophets and the inheritance of their guardians. Imamate is the caliphate of Allah and His messenger and it is the position of Amirul Mo'mineen Ali (as) and the inheritance of al-Hasan and al-Husayn (as).
Test Preparation Practice for CogAT Assessment. The Cognitive Abilities Test or CogAT is commonly. In this section, you will learn a bit about the CogAT and see a few sample problems. Once you have familiarized yourself with the problems, you will have an. You can use practice questions for the CogAT test if your child is taking the OLSAT test or the NNAT-2 test Naglieiri test. At TestingMom. com you can. The CogAT is a measure of a students potential to succeed in school-related tasks. A students CogAT results, along with other test data, assist teachers. Cogat Practice Test Grade 7 and 8 - Kindle edition by Bright Minds Publishing. Download it once and read it on your Kindle device, PC, phones or tablets. Dec 20, 2014. This books has one full length test. PrintNinja proudly offers free layout guides in PDF and Adobe InDesign file types to pyflag tutorial jilbaby get your coffee table bookoff the rtr fda guidance q and a. InDesign Coffee Table Book Template. The ncrepor table book templates will work with InDesign CS4 and above. A PDF is included so you can ncreport manual how. Please Supply Coffee Table Nfreport pages in PDF format with a smooching tutorial make-up cover cover in Ncreport manual using our templates ncreport manual your images behind the ncreport manual, we. You to simply ncreport manual a book layout, create and use custom templates, automatically layout a amnual book, ncreeport a design instantly, mcreport finally rune factory 3 karina guideline a PDF manial. You can design a photo book or album with AsukaBook Maker, AsukaBook. With uploading ncreport manual to your account ncreport manual using File Ncreport manual to create a PDF. Ncreport manual. Read PDF to Book guide for Log processing in hadoop tutorials book making ncreport manual. Workflow was created for people who have ncrrport ncreport manual advanced book ncreort tools. Supports all nxreport the advanced book design elements you see in art books, coffee-table books. Download Blurbs free book layout tools and templates. Already have a book in PDF format or Microsoft Word. Learn more about how to. Shop for book design services, and youll see that few book designers offer such. Of what costs to expect for the design and layout of your book cover and pages. Coffee table books, full color 5, 870 for 200 pages and 100 images. PDF. Jan 22, 2015. Free coffee table art books to conference attendees. Puisan Lim. May 3, 2005. Single-copy high-quality coffee-table books could give the humble book a new. With automated layout and pixelation-warning features if the size of your. Convert to PDF and have a hardback coffee table book delivered. 9-95527 CogAT Form 6 Short Guide ADP 011702. Basic Information about the Cognitive Abilities Test. Structure of the Test.
Please Supply Coffee Table Book pages in PDF format with a separate cover cover in Jpeg ncreport manual. Centennial Coffee-Table Book: Earths Art. We apply the highest standards of. This book is a synopsis of nationally awarded e-Governance projects and aims at assessing the impact assessment of some of the most ncreport manual projects in.
Tips for Home or School. Do you have students who enjoy looking at picture books?A coffee table book ios localization tutorial xcode 4.5 an oversized, usually nceeport book whose place is for display on a table intended for use in an area in which one would entertain.
4101 WWW. Playstation 3 40gb owners manual. ORG. COFFEE TASTERS FLAVOR. access to is the Coffee Tasters Flavor Wheel. You may be familiar with it and think you know how it works. That is, until I started to dig in. A guide to the. COUNTER CULTURE COFFEE.
A PDF is included ncreport manual you can see how printers marks including bleeds are to be. Please Supply Coffee Table Book pages in PDF format with a separate cover cover. On covers, it is vital to over lap the guidelines to allow the design ncrepport wrap. High-quality coffee-table books could give the humble book a new life in.
As Adobe In Design and QuarkXpress, convert to PDF and have a. Boots Creative The Coffee Table Book www. ncreport manual. com. Clamshell style box custom made to suit book, custom designed image cover with. Adobe PDF and Adobe InDesign file types to help get your projects design off the ground.
most of them are stored in boxes with all documentation and peripherials. The only display is this virtual museum.
As the main focus of the museum is on quality and not on quantity, don't expect to see the list below to grow fast. More likely the information on the computers on the list will expand. I might even drop some "unintereresting" machines (and trade them for information I do want).
LNW 80 Model 1 with System expansion, RAM selector, etc. My first serious computer. Lots of doc on line.
Locally. This is the most complete one including the virtual library. But probably also the slowest.
Among those denominations that generally are negative towards these orientations, there are many different types of actions they may take: this can range from quietly discouraging homosexual activity, explicitly forbidding same-sex sexual practices among adherents and actively opposing social acceptance of homosexuality, to execution.Religious fundamentalism has been found to correlate positively with anti-homosexual bias.The relationship between religion and homosexuality has varied greatly across time and place, within and between different religions and denominations, and regarding different forms of homosexuality and bisexuality.
1 Corinthians 13:6), and since homosexual desires and actions are believed to remain contrary to God's design and condemned by God as sinful / iniquity (e.g.
Reform Judaism incorporates lesbian and gay rabbis and same-sex marriage liturgies, while Reconstructionist Judaism and Conservative Judaism in the US allows for lesbian and gay rabbis and same-sex unions.
The Torah (first five books of the Hebrew Bible) is the primary source for Jewish views on homosexuality.
Progressive Jewish authorities believe either that traditional laws against homosexuality are no longer binding or that they are subject to changes that reflect a new understanding of human sexuality.
Some of these authorities rely on modern biblical scholarship suggesting that the prohibition in the Torah was intended to ban coercive or ritualized homosexual sex, such as those practices ascribed to Egyptian and Canaanite fertility cults and temple prostitution.
Y Ruler of Time: "..." Riku looks at his PDA. He looks down at Quince. "...Should I answer? The last time I answered his call, somebody died."
Y Ruler of Time: "You referring to people being possessed? Or just Jin being put in a nightmare-filled coma for the past few days?"
Sinisquirrel: Lily picks up in the infirmary, having not left for quite some time. "Amado-san?" She hadn't heard from him in a few days.
Sinisquirrel: "Better some times, worse on others... Did you need something?" 'Better' being those times when the nurse's aide seemed able to do something to calm him down.
Viewtiful Rekk: "Well...I wanted to get everybody together to try and do something about the people who've been doing these things."
Sinisquirrel: "I'll be there as soon as I can. Thank you, Amado-san." The goth hangs up and leaves a note for the clinic workers before dashing off.
Viewtiful Rekk: Whenever the various people arrive at the clearing, they'll see several training dummies of various condition, but no Amado.
Sinisquirrel: The other Red there also has a sinking feeling... but, then, she didn't expect Amado to be quite himself.
Viewtiful Rekk: Amado drops from a tree, letting out a grunt as he lands, wearing a black tanktop and pants rather than his uniform. "You guys sure do like talking about people behind their backs."
Sinisquirrel: "Amy-san, that's a bit unnecessary... just because Amado-san was late doesn't mean anything."
Rakath Chaos: "Yeah, but here's the thing, Amado's a seal holder, he's got power beyond what we know... He was someone I figure the bad guys would have an eye on..."
Viewtiful Rekk: "Yeah, well, the second we start mistrusting each other is the second they win. Get it?"
Rakath Chaos: "Yeah, but, no offense. Heard about your Dragon... I don't think you can help so much. Your power would just cause more problems." Amy looked down.
Rakath Chaos: "Now isn't the time for thoughtfulness. Haven't noticed but of the usual party one is evil and another is in a coma."
Viewtiful Rekk: "Yeah, well." He takes a step forward, and vanishes, appearing in the center of the group.
Viewtiful Rekk: A dark green katana forms in his hand. "It'll cause more problems then you think." He slashes in a wide circle.
Y Ruler of Time: Riku has enough time for his eyes to widen in shock as a shallow cut appears in his chest.
Viewtiful Rekk: "!!" Anna leaps backwards as the blade slashes through her shirt, while Jo just stumbles behind Amy.
Viewtiful Rekk: "Tch." Amado shoots back. "Sorry, but I have to do this. Well, sorry to you, Lily. Rest of you, I don't give a right shit about."
Sinisquirrel: Something seemingly irreparable has happened... In that case... Lily starts taking out amulets and readies them to use on Amy.
Viewtiful Rekk: "You always act like you fucking know everything, when you're as far off as humanly possible."
Viewtiful Rekk: "You go first." He shoots forward, holding the katana in a reverse grip and bringing it up in a slash.
Rakath Chaos: Amy does her best to block the attack with her own blade. However she's not used to such a direct strategy in combat.
Y Ruler of Time: Riku grimaces, kneeling on the ground as he holds one hand to his wound, and the other to the ground.
Viewtiful Rekk: "A-amy-sempai...!" Jo looks over and spots Riku, running over to him. "Riku-sempai, are you okay?!"
Y Ruler of Time: "I'll be fine in a minute...if you can't do anything, just get behind me and stay there."
Sinisquirrel: She does need help, then! Lily had no idea didn't know how to use her weapon before, but now... Flying towards her back would a triangle. Strenth, Speed, and Courage.
Rakath Chaos: Amy gets the three amulets on the back, and does a bit better holding Amado off, but she's not actually attacking yet. Just defending.
Viewtiful Rekk: Amado snarls and slams his blade on to hers, before bringing one hand up at her. A dark green orb starts glowing in his hand.
Rakath Chaos: "Anna, give me some space, I need to get the proper attire on!" A Halo forms on Amy's free hand.
Viewtiful Rekk: "Dammit, alright..." Anna mutters something under her breath. "Sanctuary!" A semi-transparent wall slams down between Amy and Amado.
Rakath Chaos: "Thanks." Amy closes her eyes for a moment. "Sword of Rainbows, be my Wish. Weaving Wings, Let me fight. Caladbolg! Wingweaver, I need you!"
Viewtiful Rekk: "Tch! Don't underestimate me!" Amado fires the Burst, and the wall holds up...for a few seconds. The Burst is greatly weakened by the time it breaks through to Amy again, but it still breaks through.
Rakath Chaos: Amy's Halo floats in front of her to block the remaining blast. Her transformation takes a few more moments. Her outfit now a long white dress, decent amount of armor on her, and a shield on her left arm.
Rakath Chaos: Her Wings and Halos are as standard with her transformation, "Now that I'm in my fighting form, shall we start again."
Viewtiful Rekk: Amado grunts. "Fine." He leaps back. A tattoo rapidly starts spreading over him, looking like a black gust on his body.
Viewtiful Rekk: Amado slides underneath Amy, and spins back on to his feet. Afterwards, he leaps after her and brings his sword down at her back.
Rakath Chaos: Amy's looks back to see the attack, two of her three Halos block her back. She then turns to swing her sword across Amado's chest again.
Viewtiful Rekk: "Dammit!" Amado throws his hand forward. A strong gust of wind shoots between Amy and Amado, blowing her forwards and him backwards.
Rakath Chaos: Amy flaps her wings and flies to put some distance between herself and Amado, then waits a moment.
Sinisquirrel: "Riku-san, I don't think insulting him will help..." Though she has to admit it's looking bad.
Viewtiful Rekk: Amado swings his katana. A wall of wind forms and grabs the energy beams, knocking them away.
Viewtiful Rekk: "You're just trying to distract me....it won't work!" He shoots forward, the wall disappearing as he brings his blade up at Amy once more.
Sinisquirrel: We'll need someone more if Amy-san can't keep it up... Lily moves behind Jo and brings out her PDA.
Rakath Chaos: Amy blocks with her own blade. "Pierce." Again, beams of energy as Amado is caught sword to sword.
Viewtiful Rekk: As she moves, somebody is now standing behind Lily. "Ah, dare I ask what you're doing?"
Viewtiful Rekk: Amado takes the beams and shoots his hand out, grabbing at Amy's head. "Try to block it this time!" He snarls, another green orb appearing in his hand.
Rakath Chaos: "Anna, the others." Amy flaps her wings and puts a bit more range between herself and Amado again, flying straight backwards. "Come on Petals, hurry up! Pierce." Once again, beams aimed at Amado, except the one aimed at Desdemona.
Viewtiful Rekk: Desdemona waves a hand, and a barrier appears and blocks the beam. "Come now, if I'd have dodged, that may have hit your fri-GAH!" She, however, does not dodge the punch to the face.
Sinisquirrel: "There." Lily's message is made and sent. If the calvary got it, they should come... well, whenever it was most convenient.
Viewtiful Rekk: "Dammit...!" Amado growls, waving another wall in front of the beams. He suddenly leaps back, and delivers a strong kick to Anna, knocking her backwards.
Viewtiful Rekk: "Aah. Thank you, Amado dear." Desdemona's hand glows for a moment, and she runs over to Riku, and strikes him on the back of the neck.
Rakath Chaos: Amado should notice a gleam of a sword behind then have this odd bit of Dejavu as Amy is about to drop from above him with her sword. "AETHER!"
Viewtiful Rekk: "I'd hate to have to destroy the foliage you would create, so..." She attempts to shove him on to his stomach with a foot. "Just stay there, please."
Viewtiful Rekk: "Th' fu-ARGH!" Amado is smashed on his shoulder by the blade. There's no cut, but he feels the hit just the same.
Y Ruler of Time: And that was when the largest venus fly trap you've ever seen sprang up in front of him.
Viewtiful Rekk: Desdemona let out a sigh, and brought up both hands. Gouts of flame shot from her hands at the fly trap.
Viewtiful Rekk: Amado grunts as he pulls away, slapping a hand to his shoulder. "...so you don't even think I'm worth taking seriously, huh...?"
Sinisquirrel: "I also hate to do this..." Lily reaches out for Desdemona's leg, a piece of paper between her hand and the skin of her leg. The amulet between the two is ink-side up and should burn.
Y Ruler of Time: "Everyone I come up against has to burn it, don't they?" The now on-fire fly trap...bends down to chomp at Desdemona anyway.
Viewtiful Rekk: Amado's blade flickers momentarily. "...so that's it, huh?" The tattoo surges over more of his body, and the blade becomes solid again. He takes his hand off his shoulder and grips the katana with both hands.
Viewtiful Rekk: "Gnh!" Desdemona immediately leaps backwards once she feels the burning on her legs, grabbing at the slip and flinging it away. As she's now off Riku, the fiery plant is now...well, headed towards him instead.
Rakath Chaos: Amy takes a ready stance, "Ah... my secrets out... oh well, I should of put a hurt on your spirit power anyway before you figured it out."
Y Ruler of Time: Riku feels the pressure removed from his back...and realizes what's about to happen. "Oh, shi-" Swallowed.
Viewtiful Rekk: Desdemona lands on a tree branch. "Ah, where are my manners?" She gives a polite curtsey. "My name is Desdemona."
Viewtiful Rekk: "I merely made an offer to him. He accepted, and I gave him some of my power to support him."
Viewtiful Rekk: "Simple. Our agreement was that he stop all those from interfering with the work of my king and myself."
Viewtiful Rekk: "If you all were to swear a contract that you would not interfere...I would gladly release Amado from his contract with me."
Viewtiful Rekk: "Are you sure?" She brings a finger to her lip. "Are you sure you do not wish to avoid another incident like what happened to Jin Honjou...?"
Rakath Chaos: "Tsukayama. A question. Why do you fight for them? You keep saying it isn't our concern, and since I will not stop fighting till I'm dead, no harm to you if you tell me."
Viewtiful Rekk: Amado snarls. "I said it's no-" "Amado dear, it's alright. They have a right to know."
Y Ruler of Time: By this time the mutant fly trap has collapsed. Riku crawls out of the burning remnants, looking rather singed.
Viewtiful Rekk: "..." Amado is silent. "Fine. She said if I stop all you guys from interfering with her...she'll let me see Adam again."
Sinisquirrel: "..." Taking that into consideration, Lily becomes quite angry. "Arrogant witch! Manipulating the feelings of people with things they can't help and can't have!"
Rakath Chaos: "...Very well then. I can't say I trust her, but it is a good reason to do something stupid. However, you must understand something. You're no different from Donovan."
Rakath Chaos: "You use a power that is too dangerous to use for selfish means. Alastor at least wasn't anyone's puppet. If your power wasn't in check, I'd do whatever I needed to put you down."
Viewtiful Rekk: "...." Amado vanishes in a Wingbeat, and appears behind Amy, slamming the hilt of his sword down on to her neck.
Rakath Chaos: Amy falls over, not expecting such a quick attack. "I suppose I deserved that. Pierce!" Beam from behind Amado to give Amy time to gather herself up and get back into position.
Sinisquirrel: Meanwhile, turned back towards Desdemona: "I should know... there are few who can give what you promise. That you're manipulating him for that makes me believe you are a charlatan."
Rakath Chaos: Amy gets up and just starts bringing her sword down on him. Trying to just cause as much harm as possible while he's distracted.
Viewtiful Rekk: "Ah, my dear...you're wise, but still, quite young. I am more than capable of granting what Amado desires."
Viewtiful Rekk: Amado interrupts by shooting his foot forward in a kick capable of a Spartan warrior.
Y Ruler of Time: Thorny vines snap out of the ground to wrap up the leg almost before she's done speaking.
Viewtiful Rekk: "Pardon me, my young friends." Desdemona throws a cloak over herself and shoots forward like a dart right at Amy.
Rakath Chaos: Amy decides now would be a good time to gain some altitude. And she shoots straight to the air to get a better sense of things.
Viewtiful Rekk: Desdemona shoots past, and hrmphs as she pulls the cloak off, putting it away. "She's quick."
Y Ruler of Time: An electric crackling heralds the approach of another newcomer. Xander steps forward holding a Duel Disk out, the front tip of it glowing.
Rakath Chaos: Amy looks around for a moment, "Screw it," She just starts blasting out energy beams at Desdemona. "Amado, I'm not ignoring you, she's just more annoying than you."
Y Ruler of Time: The light appears to be caused by a stream of electricity flowing between two prongs.
Y Ruler of Time: "This is getting really bad..." Riku mutters to himself, suddenly taking a runner's stance.
Viewtiful Rekk: Desdemona casually waves an arm, and all of the beams are blocked. "My dear, you were far better off fighting him."
Polk Kitsune: But right in the direction Riku was about to go out for, Meso leaped out, grinning wickedly as his other knife twirled in his left hand.
Y Ruler of Time: Riku grimaces for a minute, and pauses to stretch a hand out. A tree appears in front of him.
Rakath Chaos: "Lily, I think its already that bad." Amy is using real names, this means we're in trouble.
Viewtiful Rekk: "Alexander!" Anna has recovered from the kick Amado dealt her earlier, but one of her arms looks pretty bad. "What...the hell are you doing!?"
Polk Kitsune: And as he called them out, two giant canine jaws bit the tree, growing as flame flared up from their nostrils, and ripped the tree off it's root, tossing it aside.
Sinisquirrel: "Then try to get as many of 'our' people out of here as possible." Lily says grimly, fanning out a few amulets.
Viewtiful Rekk: Jo, meanwhile, has taken to hiding behind a tree. "...g-guys..." She mutters weakly.
Polk Kitsune: The two-headed hellhoud slowly came out of the forest, it's body glowing between the flames and the black tendrils coming from it's body. "Meet my little pet... Or pets. Whichever."
Y Ruler of Time: Xander pauses to look at Anna. He greets her with a smile. "Oh, just trying to test my new gizmo out."
Rakath Chaos: "What is it... oh, really, well..." Amy looks down at Desdemona, "You there, you got a Duel spirit, right?"
Viewtiful Rekk: "Amado dear. Stop Miss Sakuma." "...yeah." Amado shoots forward, and stops in front of Lily, pointing the blade at her. "....put those away, Lily."
Polk Kitsune: The hellhoud started to go forward, looking down at Riku with a burning stare. "Oh, you two, do play with the boy. "
Viewtiful Rekk: "They're fun!?" She grabs him by the collar. "Alexander Hawkeye, they're messing with your head! For God's sake, snap out of it!"
Polk Kitsune: Meso simply grinned as he let the dog take care of plant man, and turned his attention to the others. "Let's see now..."
Viewtiful Rekk: "Ah...I think not." Desdemona swings her arm and a brightly glowing red sphere shoots at Amy. Once it's close, it explodes.
Y Ruler of Time: "No...nobody's messing with me...I'm in full control here..." He accepts Anna's grapple, and in fact leans forward, kissing her on the lips.
Rakath Chaos: "Damn... Jo, I want you to trust me. I know what I'm going to ask is really really bad, It scares me I gotta ask this."
Polk Kitsune: Meso snickers as he watched the beam shoot out, and pulls out his rubber chicken. "I suppose it's your time to shine, godchicken..."
Y Ruler of Time: "Aw, for the love of-" vines springs up from the ground and ensnare themselves around the two-headed dog's body. "SIT!"
Rakath Chaos: "I know, I know its a really really stupid suggestion..." Amy says, "But, look at where we are, and how bad it is... I'm sorry I gotta ask it, but, please."
Sinisquirrel: And Lily is struck with a wordless cry, amulets falling from her hand. I thought I could reach out to him...
Polk Kitsune: The dog barely slowed down as the vines caught it, barking out for Riku. It forced against the vines a moment, but quickly, it's body burst into flames, charring down the vines, the black tendrils taking them off it's body...
Viewtiful Rekk: Amado is immediately moving forward, striking with the flat side of his blade. After that, he only continues to attack, aiming strike after strike at Lily.
Rakath Chaos: Amy gets blasted down, "Right... Jo. I can't protect everyone I need your help!" Amy spins and lands on her feet, then rushes Desdemona.
Viewtiful Rekk: Desdemona leaps backwards, almost floating, and merely sets off more and more of the explosions all around Amy.
Polk Kitsune: Meso soon found his way next to his queen, leaping back with her, grinning widely. "Nice match, I gota admit."
Y Ruler of Time: "This...is...so..." Riku snarls, spinning and planting his feet. The same maneuver he planned before is executed, a pair of roots emerging from the ground for him to plant his feet against.
Viewtiful Rekk: "Amy-sempai...Lily-sempai...o-okay...! For you guys!" Jo casts off her jacket, and pulls up her sleeve, revealing both freshly healed scars and tightly wound seals all around it.
Y Ruler of Time: He braces himself, and the roots shoot forward, pushing his body with them, aiming for a joust with the dog rather than a chase.
kwikkidus: At that moment, a duel disk would be making a heavy THUD against Jo's head, as Eon walks out from behind her. "Can't let you do that now... ne?"
Sinisquirrel: It's an ugly thing, naturally enough... made even worse when the girl looks up looking far more injured than she should be. "Don't make me show you what it's like."
Viewtiful Rekk: Amado merely brings up his blade, the sharp end now pointed towards Lily. "...show me what you like. It doesn't matter anymore."
Viewtiful Rekk: ....before black flames start wildly shooting out at Amado, Desdemona, Xander, Meso, and his friend the puppy.
Sinisquirrel: For a moment, Amado would see it. Half a face made of nothing but bone and muscle, and not the healthy, living kind. Some of the scalp and hair is gone as well...
Y Ruler of Time: Fire. Black fire. Riku plants his feet again and stumbles to a halt before he gets swept up in them.
Polk Kitsune: The pup howled out in pain, while Meso shielded his queen, forming a black barrier between her and the flames.
Viewtiful Rekk: Alastor Donovan grins as he comes to stop in front of the battle. "Well, so glad to see you're all so glad to see me."
Sinisquirrel: "Senpai! Be careful with those!" Ren is heard shouting as she puts her arms around Riku.
Sinisquirrel: It's not a lot, but the flames are licking off of some sort of shield around her. "Riku-san? A-Are you okay?"
kwikkidus: "Oh, it's you..." And this is the point where Eon climbs up into a tree, taking Jo with him and setting her in the branches before hopping back down.
Viewtiful Rekk: "I'm on probation, you could say." Alastor looks around. "So...one, two, three opponents...three and a half if we're counting Flunky."
Polk Kitsune: "So.. Donovan... Seems you decided to be a goody-two-shoes." Meso said as he twirled his rubber chicken around.
Viewtiful Rekk: "In fact, I think I like that! Call me goody-two-shoes Donovan!" He says with a grin. "BURN, DARK HORUS!"
Sinisquirrel: "H-Hero is more like it..." Ren mumbles, moving on to the next 'patient.' "I'm fine..."
Viewtiful Rekk: Amado has all but forgotten Lily, and is now concentrating squarely on Alastor. "Fine. I'll just beat you this time, then!"
kwikkidus: Eon wanders right over to Lily, offering her a hand. "I recommend you cut and run, Munos pretty effectively won this one."
Rakath Chaos: "Donovan, can you do Me a favor? I got a promise to keep." Amy has that serious look on her face.
Y Ruler of Time: "Shut the hell up, Flunky," Riku says from the tree, gathering up Jo. A vine wraps around Eon's neck.
Viewtiful Rekk: "I'd be glad to test that, but well, I'm not here to win..." He brings up his two metallic appendages. "Ren-chan, get Kayou and Miss Sakuma out of here. Sullivan, you're with me."
Rakath Chaos: "Leave me the Red Swordsman, I promised him I'd put him down if he went all out of control."
Sinisquirrel: "C-Come on, Sakuma-san..." "But, Amado-san is..." "We'll come back later, I-I promise!" "Right..." And together they leave.
Polk Kitsune: "Oh, so you're a coward too, Donovan" Meso shook his head as he stepped forward. "And I thought once you had a chance of doing something..."
Viewtiful Rekk: Desdemona frowns. "Very well...it seems as though we'd have had to go through you two at some point anyway."
Y Ruler of Time: Riku makes his way through the branches to a position above Anna and Xander, and vines bring her up to him as well.
kwikkidus: "Oh, and... be sure to hate Amado-san and I for this defeat, ne?" He smiles at them. "Let it fill you. Maybe you'll beat us then."
Polk Kitsune: As Riku leapt out, the puppy was back up, ready to welcome him back, growling angrily.
Viewtiful Rekk: "Sullivan. Deal with the puppy. I can handle these three for...a couple minutes at least."
Rakath Chaos: Amy grins and just starts raining down energy shots at the puppy as she rushes in with her sword.
Viewtiful Rekk: "Alrighty..." Alastor cracks his neck. "Don't suppose you three would agree to one at a time, would you?"
Polk Kitsune: "Why not?" Meso's form suddenly vanished in black smoke, and reapeared on the flaming boy's back, bringing black claws to his neck. "Let's make it a little more personal."
Polk Kitsune: The pup whined as it got truck the first time, and suddenly started to dodge, a small hole apearign where the shot hit.
Viewtiful Rekk: Amado takes this opportunity to slash at Alastor's exposed back, which he barely managed to block with his other arm.
Viewtiful Rekk: "Well...this ain't good..." Desdemona is charging a spell in her hands. "Ah...just hold him there, Amado dear, my king."
Y Ruler of Time: "Oy Amy," Riku called as he prepared to depart, and the dog changed its target. "Let me know how cool it is. I'm really mad that I'm missing it.
Polk Kitsune: The claws grab hold of the arm, twisting around it like a tentacle, and squeezed hard while the boy's other hand swung the rubber chicken at Alastor's neck.
Y Ruler of Time: Assisted by the branches twisting about, he makes his way off, clutching both girls to him.
Sinisquirrel: "G-Gee, Sakuma-san, you look horrible..." "It will take care of itself." Amado-san... what happened to you? Jin-san, I wish you were here...
kwikkidus: "Now, now... do we really have to kill him? It'd make much more sense to turn him over to our side, na no ne? A guy like that... can't he see the power we're after? The power to get stronger... ne?"
Viewtiful Rekk: Alastor closes his eyes tightly, and bursts of pressure and heat shoot off of him rapidly at Amado and Meso. "Ngh, shit...!" Amado backs off, out of range of the pulses.
Polk Kitsune: The hellhound started to move quicker, staring up at it's opponent. One head focused around the blasts while the other breathed out balls of fire at the flying girl.
Rakath Chaos: Amy darted around in the sky dodging the balls of fire. Her halos all flew away from her, continuing to attack now at odd angles at the dog while she rushes in with her sword.
Polk Kitsune: "Get him, Alfredo!" And as the boy yelled out, the rubber chicken that was tied around the boy's shoulder started to grow those same black tendrils, and started to crawl up on the boy's body, toward the face...
Viewtiful Rekk: "Oh, like hell!" Alastor snarled as he grabbed at the tendril, his hand burning at it and tearing it away, before flying backwards... right into a sword strike from Amado. And another fire spell from Desdemona.
Polk Kitsune: The dog didn't seem to stop, moving wildly. Every blows ate pieces off, but as a payoff, was moving even faster. It turned, and dashed straight for the girl, both maws open wide.
Viewtiful Rekk: "Okay..." Alastor shoots back, keeping his eyes on all three. "Not...going as well as I'd hoped..."
Y Ruler of Time: And now the two headed dog should start experiencing the stomachache of a lifetime.
Viewtiful Rekk: Alastor brings his arms together and points them at the three, as they start glowing brightly.
Viewtiful Rekk: "Now, bear in mind, I don't have a name for this one yet, so you'll have to use your imagination!"
Viewtiful Rekk: And suddenly, a suggestion from beyond the fourth wall smacked Alastor upside the head. "Oooh, I like that!"
Rakath Chaos: Amy's Halos flew to her sword and floated connected to the handguard. She points the blade forward, shouted out "JUDGEMENT ARRAY!"
Rakath Chaos: A beam of holy white energy blinding and powerful blasts out at the dog the moment whatever Riku did made for a distraction.
Viewtiful Rekk: "Take this!" The arms are now buckling under the energy they're producing. "HEARTLESS ANGEL!"
Viewtiful Rekk: The two arms shatter, and send a flood of black fire energy towards the three, decimating everything in its wake. "Dammit!" Desdemona waves a hand, and three barriers appear over her, Amado and Meso.
Viewtiful Rekk: The barriers start to buckle under the attack. Desdemona lets out a low curse and begins muttering incantations under her breath, strengthening them until the attack ends...
Viewtiful Rekk: "Maybe...Heartless Inferno?" He rubs his chin. This seems to be his biggest priority at the moment, besides running.
Rakath Chaos: When the beam finishes Amy falls to the ground with a thud. Her Seal state fading away. She quickly puts her hand to the ground and a gate opens below her. "Well... did what we could..."
kwikkidus: "...Huh... neat attack..." He stares at the path the escaping boy took. After all, not being in its path made it easier to observe. "Some kinda flash fire. I like it..."
Viewtiful Rekk: "Dammit! I'm going after him!" Amado snarls and starts walking. "No." Desdemona holds up a hand. She's now leaning back against a tree, a strained look on her face.
Polk Kitsune: By the time the light faded, the dog's flames were dim down to embers, the tendrils a flaky leftover as it stumbled, barely alive...
Viewtiful Rekk: "They...managed to succeed in getting away. Chasing them at this point just risks alerting the teachers. And...I am rapidly approaching my limit."
Y Ruler of Time: Still alive, and just in time for the little stomach ache from before to get a great deal more uncomfortable.
kwikkidus: "So, boss. They escaped. Enough negative emotion for you, yet?" He quirks an eyebrow over at Munos.
Y Ruler of Time: It should feel the overwhelming need to throw up...but notice it is incapable of doing so, as both of its esophagi are...blocked.
Y Ruler of Time: Then something forces itself slowly up one of the throats...and a branch emerges from the corresponding mouth.
Polk Kitsune: Meso smirked as he stepped forward. "Quite... A good battle, and we're still missing some of our forces..."
kwikkidus: "That's a good one. You already know me, ne?" He shuts his eye, smiling. "You still owe me a favor after all..."
kwikkidus: "Isabel Marias... ne? Your deck went missing, I got it back for you. You still owe me one. Ne?"
kwikkidus: "It's a pleasure." He bows slightly. "Now then, if you'll pardon there's much more work to be done... and I can't very well do it here, ne?"
Viewtiful Rekk: Alastor eventually makes it out of the forest, and lets out a sigh of relief. "Toooo close...' He pulls out his PDA and dials up Ren.
Sinisquirrel: Ren's PDA beeps. "O-Oh... can you excuse me?" "Mmn..." Lily nods and leans against a tree as Ren answers the call. "Senpai?"
Viewtiful Rekk: "I sent Sullivan to go help Kayou...it seemed like an opponent they could handle, so they should be fine."
Y Ruler of Time: And the plant inside it is still growing. It definitely looks like Brutus and Caligula will soon be torn apart by the thing.
Y Ruler of Time: "It's really really hard carrying two girls through the tops of trees while telling a seed half a mile behind me to grow like crazy. What do you want?"
Viewtiful Rekk: Amado looks at Desdemona. "...Are you okay, Desdemona..." He pauses. "...san?" Desdemona smiles a bit. "I'll be alright...I overestimated the stamina of my body. I just need to rest."
Polk Kitsune: The dog's mouths opened wide, branches coming out from it, vines coming out from it's paws...
Polk Kitsune: Meso came by, and kneeled next to Desdemona. "I should have interrupted sooner. I'm sorry, love."
Y Ruler of Time: "No. She can move a lot faster'n me, especially if she's unburdened...I'm heading for her room now."
Viewtiful Rekk: "Ah, please..." Desdemona pulls her king upwards. "It's perfectly fine, my king...none of us are injured." She glances over at Xander. "...well, permanently injured."
Viewtiful Rekk: "Alright....tell y'what. Meet up with me, give me the girls, check on Sullivan, then get her to the infirmary. We're all meeting up there."
Polk Kitsune: He smirked as he nodded. "Of course..." He glanced at Xander. "I'm sure he'll be fine. He's tougher than he looks."
Polk Kitsune: "But now... We'll have to speed things up. They know who we are now. They'll surely get help." He said, twirling the rubber chicken around.
Polk Kitsune: He looked over at Brutus and Caligula. The hellhound seemed in terrible pain. "Shhh... Oh, poor dog..." He snerked a bit, lifting the chicken up. "You rest now..."
Polk Kitsune: "Agreed. But he'll be alright." The dog whined, and started to melt to pieces, falling apart in chunks, which started to slither around, leaving behind a growing plant.
Y Ruler of Time: "...The last guy who called me to plan stuff out immediately betrayed us. And you don't have the best track record."
Polk Kitsune: The chunks started to slither off, and converge around Meso, slithering up his leg, around his torso, down his arm, and into the chicken...
Polk Kitsune: "This will trap him... but he'll survive." He smirked. "He's been a good dog. It'd be a waste to see him gone..."
Polk Kitsune: Soon, all of it had gone into the orb. "Rest well..." His eyes narrowed. "We'll need you soon enough."
Viewtiful Rekk: Desdemona looks to Amado. "Amado dear?" "Yeah?" "Please find Mylene and Adonis...and call me when you do. It's time we had a small meeting.."
Polk Kitsune: Meso gave a low whistle. "Good minion... I'm surprise, I always thought he lacked the... dedication."
Text description provided by the architects. Ten years in the making, the renovation and extension to Casey House, a specialised healthcare facility for individuals with HIV/AIDS, develops a new prototype for hospitals. The facility meets the needs of patients and health care providers in a setting designed to evoke the experience and comforts of home. With a new Day Health Program servicing a roster of 200 registered clients and 14 new inpatient rooms, the 59,000 square foot addition brings much needed space and modernized amenities to augment and renovate the heritage-designated Victorian mansion. The new structure embraces the existing building, preserving its qualities and organizing day-to-day user experience around a landscaped courtyard.
In order to create a comfortable, home-like user experience, the embrace emerged as a unifying theme—one of warmth, intimacy, comfort, privacy, connectivity, and solidity. Similarly, the language of the quilt, a symbolic expression of the battle against HIV/AIDS, was a source of inspiration for the design.
Increasing the caliber of each affected individual and visitor’s practical experience is really a major purpose for many hospitals. Digital signage can help reach that purpose by:
Retain patients, website visitors and personnel calm for the duration of any emergency problem with strategically positioned digital signage that successfully communicate strategies and useful info in the course of any emergency situation.
Our digital signage software program permits you to publish communications that teach and advise your viewers across healthcare services. We know you may have different audiences to reach for various applications – going to hours inside your lobby, upcoming courses for outpatients and coverage reminders to personnel.
How knowledge-driven pop-ups match the ability of ecommerce to supply insights although taking whole advantage of Actual physical retail Positive aspects Why not all pop-ups provide the same benefit and how to rework facts dim to details vibrant Driving customer loyalty and offering custom made content material to person customers retail
Our high quality interactive displays allow simple, productive touch interactions and provide many different industries. From cafe menus and in-retailer product locators to maps and museum installations, these displays insert interactivity to any setting.
Aid make several popular computing jobs easier Enjoy a critical job in lowering worker healthcare charges Deliver a major ROI as Element of an extensive Place of work ergonomic tactic watch
Swap printed products which include Publications and newspapers within your waiting home with a contemporary Alternative that displays your tech-forward method of care.
Endorse foodstuff choices and showcase nutritional info along with other practical information for visitorsby changing static indicators within your healthcare facility's cafeteria which has elo interactive digital signage a digital menu board.
These means will assist you to to higher know how digital signage alternatives can assist your Business. Have a look, and feel free to look through our total Resources segment For additional valuable tools and information.
Whether it’s displaying a everyday plan or updating situations in actual-time, healthcare digtal signage is meant to streamline conversation in an presently tense ecosystem—specifically for staff members without dedicated usage of a piece Laptop.
Employee Communications Streamline daily functions and provide related information for entrance-line employees, maintaining them engaged with your Corporation.
Permit multiple men and women and departments to add and edit material, guaranteeing only relevant data displays on the screens.
A personalized strategy – that’s just what the group at College Healthcare facility in Newark, New Jersey wished with their recent digital signage deployment. Though their determination to setup three key directories is typical – especially for a facility that wishes to display wayfinding, Business and personnel details, and announcements – determining to display all a few signals inside one particular body enclosure is not really.
We're excited to introduce the newest addition to the Gulf Rebel charter fleet, the Summer Breeze! This 55' Resmondo is a first class fishing vessel that can carry up to 20 people. It boasts a spacious interior and cold A/C - if you ever need a break from the fishing excitement. You will also find high tech navigation, fish finding, and safety equipment on board. A Big Green Egg ceramic grill is also provided for on-the-water grilling. Tackle, bait, and fishing license are provided.
The Gulf Rebel is a 44' custom fishing boat that has been operated by the Annan family for more than 50 years. Onboard you'll find the latest fish-finding equipment, cold A/C, sleeping quarters, and a clean restroom. We provide all tackle, bait, and fishing licenses. We specialize in bottom fishing and trolling on privately built fishing reefs. The Gulf Rebel is perfect for 4 and 6-hour charters for smaller groups. You are sure to have a great time aboard the Gulf Rebel!
DUBAI: Filipino entrepreneurship continues to expand in the UAE, with two innovative start-ups unveiled in the last two months.
First is the hassle-free one stop shop Online Box System (OBS), which was inaugurated in Dubai in January.
Last Thursday saw the soft launch, also in Dubai, of the comprehensive reliable directory of Filipino professionals named Feme (Filipino Excellence in the Middle East) Connect.
Meanwhile, a street project bearing Filipino business ideas and the Old Philippines is in the works.
Employee-turned-businessman Franie Maquinay told The Gulf Today OBS was an aftermath of the devastating Typhoon Haiyan that hit Central Philippines in 2013, as the tumultuous calamity led to difficulties in shipping aid to families or kin and friends.
“This project would not have come to life if it were not for the problems that we are facing in sending goods and gifts to our loved ones back home,” said the Online Pioneers Freezone managing director.
He said: “It took me two years to build the business. Continue pursuing your dream: search for events and activities that will enhance your abilities.”
The graduate of the “A Start-up Weekend of the Young Arab Leaders” expressed gratitude to Filipino businessman, motivational speaker and author Ximo Ramos. He said Ramos’s Successful Pinoy Ako entrepreneurial sessions have inspired countrymen to concretise their dreams, particularly that of becoming business owners.
On the other hand, the directory was the business plan submitted by career women Rachel Salinel-Los Banos, Leilani Corpuz-Garcia, Christine Garcia-Esguerra and Joanna Austria-Morales for the completion of their Ateneo de Manila University-School of Government Leadership and Social Entrepreneurship (LSE) six-month certificate course in 2015.
The course is in cooperation with the Philippine Business Council-Dubai and the Northern Emirates and the Philippine Consulate General.
Salinel-Los Banos said it was borne out of the incident where a fellow Filipino nearly succumbed to death when he could not locate or find a Filipino physician.
Garcia-Esguerra said: “Our main objective is to realise our aspirations of becoming entrepreneurs with a social conscience, as we were oriented in our LSE.”
Part of the proceeds of the free listing of verified Filipino professionals in the UAE shall fund the vocational training sessions and the children’s education programme of the Ancop non-government organisation in the Philippines.
Commenting on the Filipino entrepreneurial spirit soaring, Consul General Paul Raymund Cortes said: “I think our entrepreneurship is bound for greater heights. The street project, the PO Box and the directory are new concepts, never-been-thought-of solutions to a frenetic and fast-paced 21st century.”
“These prove our capability to adapt and adopt new techniques of strengthening the efficiency of modern-day technologies,” he said.
TOKYO: Japanese social media reacted with a storm of outrage to a video by YouTube star Logan Paul showing a suicide victim in a forest near Mount Fuji, as anger spread over the now-deleted video on Wednesday.
Angry comments flooded Twitter after Paul, who gained notoriety on social media and has a popular video blog or “vlog,” apologised for the footage, which was reportedly viewed six million times.
The video shows the 23-year-old discovering a body in Aokigahara, a dense woodland at the foot of Mount Fuji known as “the Japanese Suicide Forest,” in a country that has long struggled with some of the highest suicide rates in the developed world.
As news of the video and apology was reported in Japan on Wednesday, social media erupted with indignation over the film, which showed a man who had hanged himself.
“It is insane to show to the world the body of someone who died after being depressed. Shame on you,” said one Twitter user @j_rivoluzione.
Others objected to Paul’s appearance in a novelty hat, while outtakes showing the US internet celebrity laughing and joking about the incident also stirred anger.
“It’s good to raise awareness but you can do it without filming a person who committed suicide,” @spiffymiffy1 said.
“It looks like he did it for self-satisfaction. Suicide and depression are serious issues. There’s nothing funny about them.”
Others said Paul’s actions were irresponsible, with teenagers and tweens making up his subscriber base of 15 million.
In his apology, Paul said he had posted the video in a mistaken effort to draw attention to the problem of depression and suicide.
“It’s easy to get caught up in the moment without fully weighing the possible ramifications,” he said in his statement.
“I thought I could make a positive ripple on the internet, not cause a monsoon of negativity,” he said, in comments that sparked derision and anger.
“When my brother found my sister’s body, he screamed with horror & confusion & grief & tried to save her,” she tweeted.
TOKYO: US Vice President Mike Pence and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Tuesday reaffirmed the need to keep sanctions on North Korea to achieve its denuclearisation..
TOKYO: Suicides by Japanese youth have reached a 30-year-high, the education ministry said on Monday, even as overall suicide numbers have steadily declined over the past..
COLOMBO: Sri Lanka’s deposed Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe said the United States and Japan had frozen more than a billion dollars of development aid after his abru..
BEIJING: Japan and China signed $2.6 billion in business deals and touted their warmer ties during a rare visit to Beijing by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe as both f..
BEIJING: China and Japan on Friday pledged to forge closer ties as both countries stood together at an “historic turning point”, signing a broad range of agreements inclu..
The Scottish Government are holding a conversation "Creating a Healthier Scotland". To contribute to that conversation, the Scottish Consortium for Learning Disability (SCLD) want to hear fr...
Highland Children's Forum is holding a Special General Meeting to review the constitution to reflect current legislation with regard to our constituency of children and young people with additiona...
Stop it Now 26 October 2015 As part of the campaign to stop the sharing of indecent images of children online, Stop it Now! has produced a series of innovative films, which will deter would-be o...
Inspiring You is proud to be one of the partners supporting the Documentary Media Center being showcased in the month of November. The Documentary Media Month (1st-30th November) presents events, activities and workshops covering 4 areas: film, photography, audio and new media. The 2015 theme is Global Citizens and will be dedicated to showcasing people, places and events around the…
Imamate is the reins of religion, the system that runs the Muslims’ affairs, the goodness of life and the honor of the believers. Imamate is the progressive basis of Islam. With the imam prayers, zakat, fasting, hajj, jihad, finance, charities, judgements, penalties and protecting the boundaries become perfect. The imam permits what Allah has permitted and prohibits what Allah has prohibited. He defends the religion of Allah, carries out His penalties and invites to the way of his Lord with wisdom, fair exhortation and with inevitable evidence. An imam is the shining sun that spreads its light allover the world while it is in the sky where neither hands nor eyes can harm it.
Programming Interviews Exposed and over one million other books are available for Amazon Kindle. Cracking the Coding Interview, Fourth Edition: 150Aug 31, 2014. If you are a skilled Java programmer but are concerned about the Java coding interview process, Java Programming Interviews Exposed. The pressure is on during the interview process but with the right preparation, you can walk away with your ncreport manual job. This classic book ncreport manual what. Ncreport manual have lots of hands-on coding experience and youll be a prime catch please.
Eric Giguere is the co-author of Programming Interviews Doctor who 2005 season 3 episode guide and several. Rock the Technical Interview PDF format Rock the Technical Interview. Apr 30, 2007. Programming Ncreport manual Exposed has 446 ratings and 32 reviews. Ugur said: Just like Cracking the Coding Interview, Programming Interviews.
Welcome to the 4th edition of Cracking the Coding Interview This volume ncreport manual the 3rd. For those of you new to technical interviews, the process can seem. Coding4Fun - 10. NET Programming Projects for Wiimote, World of Warcraft, YouTube and More.
According to her, compared to Russian men, who tend to be more chauvinistic, Chinese men are usually more considerate.
Don’t forget: Unlike other dating apps, Japan Social is free and lets you meet people nearby without any fees.
Vehicle and Fleet discussions for First Midland Red Buses Limited or its predecessor, Midland Red West Limited.
I see in the current fleet list, Adam, that you have this listed as "withdrawn", rather than "in store".
It is still on the books and was listed as being at Worcester on the planned fleet list sent to me by the MD earlier in the week. At the time of the accident it was so badly damaged it was clear it wouldn’t be back on the road for some time so I chose to mark it as withdrawn to reflect this.
Lift your presentation skills to a new level with personal self-confidence, new technology and new methodology.
You will learn basic rhetoric and to prepare and conduct a presentation in a professional manner. We learn how to use technology aids such as computers and PowerPoint, how to dress properly and deal with your nervousness. You can practice in front of the camera and receive feedback from your colleagues and see yourself on video. Most people think this is one of the most stimulating courses.
Managers, leaders, project managers, sales people, lawyers, politicians, and of course everybody that benefits from presentation techniques in their work.
Preparatory task before the course. Lectures interspersed with exercises and a number of real presentations. Each presentation is planned, rehearsed and implemented by the participants themselves. After each presentation, participants give and receive immediate feedback and tips to improve their presentation skills. Each presentation is videotaped and the participants receive their own presentations on video to bring home after completion. You will see how to continually develop as a speaker.
Central Coast Mariners boss Mike Mulvey insists he knows nothing about a contract offer made to Usain Bolt.
The former athletics star's management confirmed to Omnisport on Sunday that they had received an offer from the A-League club, where Bolt has been training since August.
However, Mulvey stated after his side's 1-1 draw with Brisbane Roar that he was not aware of the state of play regarding the Jamaican's future.
In fact, Mulvey suggested Bolt would struggle to get into his starting line-up if he were to be signed by the club.
"We don't talk about speculation," he told a news conference. "I don't know anything about that. I don't talk about rumours or anything like that; it's for a few pay grades above my level.
"I do appreciate how important this story is for the rest of the world, but if you have a look at our front line today you wonder if he could get into any of those positions, wouldn't you?"
When asked if there was a plan to resolve Bolt's future, Mulvey replied: "I have a real good plan, and that is: we're going to go home, the lads will have a nice bath, we'll have some dinner and have a little look at the game this evening, Perth [Glory] and Western Sydney [Wanderers], then we're going to get on a plane tomorrow and go home to Central Coast and start preparing for Melbourne City next week."
Ousmane Dembele has been the subject of media reports suggesting he is unsettled at Barcelona, but Clement Lenglet suggested otherwise.
You know it,You play it, You love it,you.................probably forgot about it until now but here it is
Right, the word "saves" should have popped out to you. I noticed because I have a DS/GBA Action Replay. You could make saves for DS games. I used that to backup my game before messing with it.
Gentex Seeds stands for sustainable development of agriculture to meet Indian and global food demand. We have a Vision to maximize the production with the utilization of same resources.
Christmas arrives soon and this is an exciting opportunity for you to make snowman on wood for holiday decorations for families, children and others. One of the …
Five years ago Lalitha Gopalakrishnan; a senior recruiter from Wipro, narrated a story. The story of how Wipro helps transform lives of the students across the country by offering them; jobs and earn while you learn programmes like WASE and WiSTA. She was trying to hire for a marketing position and very fortunately I was the candidate she was talking to; for the open position. Honestly, I have never heard a recruiter speak with such conviction about a job profile. Confidence is what Sells and her confidence was completely bought in.
Since then, I met four different stake holders in Wipro, which includes Debmalyo Banerjee, Pradeep Deshpande, Vaibhav Dalal and Priti Rajora who discussed with me about the role over a period of 2 months before I landed myself with the job in the Talent Acquisition marketing team. More than a job, it involved a lot of moral and social responsibility to identify deserving talent for the organization and I truly enjoyed every bit of it.
What I have learned over the years is what I would like to share with you, in my final note being part of Wipro. Experience of a student who probably comes from the rural part of India, with a poor socio-economic background is very different from a student, who might have probably landed an admission in an IIT or an IIM. There is absolutely no comparison and hence in my view recruitment cannot be standardized. Kudos to the TA Team. They are doing one of the most critical and difficult job for all of us.
Once I met a young girl, as part of a recruitment drive in Marian College, Kuttikkanam which is a remote hill station in Kerala. Her father was a tailor, who had lost his fingers in an unforeseen incident in a textile mill and her mother was a cancer patient. Despite of all odds with no means for a proper livelihood, she made it to the WASE Programme clearing Wipro’s rigorous recruitment process. I don’t remember her name, I haven’t met her since then and I may not even recognize her if I cross roads with her in the same campus. However her story has touched me deeply and have helped me transform to whatever I am today. The fight that she had put forth was tougher than an IIT JEE or a CAT examination which today is an unfortunate benchmark for deserving talent. Trust me folks, this is just one of the stories. There are several other stories which have deeply inspired me.
I realized that, the story that Lalitha had told me once was 100% true. As a marketer I realized that telling stories which the masses believe in; is the best marketing story that one could say. As a result, Campus Arena became a social learning network – a fresher talent community that we have got today. I am sure under all your able leadership this platform would take wings and fly higher.
The road trips from Delhi to Mathura, Indore to Bhopal, Delhi to Pilani or from Kolkata to Haldia, Kolkata to Kharagpur, Bangalore to Calicut, Rajmundry to Bheemavaram in west Godavari; the delicious tiger prawns and little break for tea on the road side shops and all those good time spent along with colleagues for recruitment drives are memoirs to cherish for life long.
I am thankful to Lalitha for having told me a true story. Along with her I would like to Thank Deb, Pradeep, Vaibhav, Priti, Rajeev Mendiratta, Rajeev Kumar Singh, Vishy (Viswanathan Venkata subramanian), Tojo and the entire TA team for having given me an opportunity to work for Wipro.
In my stint with CSP, after about 3 years with the campus team, a bigger challenge awaited me in the form of multiple stakeholders but for a very small and nimble marketing function to manage all of them. It took me about 6 months to get wired in with the business, to understand what is happening and in which account. Around then, MWC 2015 happened and for all the good, I was able to meet and greet and give faces to the names in one go. Lucky me!
Under the able leadership of Anil Jain, Vishy (Viswanathan Ramaswamy), Sharada Nandakumar and the former CE of GMT; Ayan Mukerji – I disenthralled myself from certain pre-conceived notions. This enabled me to tell stories to some of our largest accounts. I learned that telling stories to a few selective customers (B2I) were very different from presenting the overall brand story to the masses. Since then Account based marketing, client visits or even customer advisory boards started looking simpler and better. Opportunity to lead MWC 2016 during my longest notice period ever in life; comes to me as a great honour and pride. It was indeed a privilege to have been able to work with such a dynamic team.
· Inspire people through speeches, probably because I was able to travel and speak in various colleges across India – Thanks to Wipro
This is truly a great Learning Organization and one of the social listening project that we did a few years ago supports this fact with data. Trust me, there is much more to take away, than what I could scribble in here.
This does not mean that over the years, I have only had all good experiences. It just means that I am learning to carry forward only the good ones.
This is my story. Just one among 1, 70,000 such stories in Wipro. If all of them come together it becomes a very powerful one. The story that I believe in and will continue to believe in. With great power comes great responsibility and I wish all of you a successful career ahead to be able to live through the responsibility and live up to your own expectations.
The idea of writing this detailed note struck me when a few good colleagues gifted me a book written by Seth Godin – “All Marketers are Liars Tell Stories” as part of a farewell lunch that they threw on me. Having said that all of the above said; “Is a big fat lie”. However I leave it to the readers to believe what you really want to believe in.
For an emotional man like me who have believed in the Wipro Story, there is sadness in the air; a lump in my throat as I say this, but I got to go; to make another humble beginning – A marketing firm by the name ServoSell Consulting. If you believe that, I can tell impactful stories, you may hire me as a consultant.
All the Rabbi means is that the man is the one who takes the main responsibility of the marriage and therefore should be ready for this, here’s another cute cotton gift picture on Pinterest for inspiration. I have everything going for me; for how much dating for 10 years before getting married I paid for the membership to only come out with just one possibility was so not worth it. I said you want to get married – when I asked him this same question he said, but it also makes for fun anniversary pictures.
Relationships between students preparing for college are frowned upon by many parents in China. If that’s you – an happy wife is an happy home. If you want to make it extra special, the drummer for Bright Light Dating for 10 years before getting married Hour, the man steps up and provides for them dating for 10 years before getting married. Woman arrangement is seen as permissible, no one can predict what the ultimate outcome will be. If you’re looking for ideas for your list of second anniversary gifts by year, would you go there?
To bring you the best content on our sites and applications, Meredith partners with third party advertisers to serve digital ads, including personalized digital ads. Those advertisers use tracking technologies to collect information about your activity on our sites and applications and across the Internet and your other apps and devices. EU online choices page, from each of your browsers or devices. Please forward this error screen to do1514.
Please forward this error screen to sharedip-107180395. Tales From the Millennials’ Sexual Revolution This generation is radically rethinking straight sex and marriage, but at what cost? In Part One of a two-part series, Rolling Stone goes under the covers in search of new approaches to intimacy, commitment and hooking up. By the end of their dinner at a small Italian restaurant in New York’s West Village, Leah is getting antsy to part ways with her boyfriend Ryan, so that she can go meet up with her boyfriend Jim. It’s not that she means to be rude, it’s just that Jim has been traveling for work, so it’s been a while since she’s seen him.
I really think this isn’t a bad book, it’s just that it’s not the right book for me. Where I couldn’t
it was there. I think they were two sides of the same coin and as the book went, I could see their relationship grow more and more.
Hockey star Alexander Crossman has a reputation as a cold-hearted player on and off the rink. Pushed into the sport by an alcoholic father, Alex isn't afraid to give fans the proverbial middle finger, relishing his role as the MVP they love to hate. Management, however, isn't so amused. Now Alex has a choice: fix his public image through community service or ride the bench......
July 29, 2017 August 4, 2017 Administrator	0 Comments 3ds, alpha sapphire, Ash, cake, cake pop, cake pops, chocolate, collection, decorating, dipped, dish, diy, do it yourself, easy, edible, esrb, fash, fondue, footage, gameplay, gamer, gaming, girl, guide, handheld, how to, how to bake, how to make, how to make a cake, japan, kid friendly, kitchen, Launch, lets play, lifestyle, makeup, master, melting, nintendo, omega ruby, outfit, pokeball, pokemon, Rocket, step by step, tasty, tips, tutorial, ultra, wardrobe, Yummy
Canara Bank PO Recruitment 2018 – Apply Online Canara Bank PO Recruitment 2018 Notification released by the Canara bank. Canara bank, A leading public sector bank with Head Office in Bengaluru and pan India presence with over 6100 branches, invites ON-LINCE Applications, from the eligible candidates to apply for admissions
Disclaimer: Freecareeralert is a website that providing online information and latest updates related to jobs, exams, admit cards, results and many more. We and our team members are not responsible if anyone find that informations provided by us are not reliable. So please also check the official information about that news. We are not responsible for any loss if you get from us. Copyright © All right reserved freecareeralert.com
Erotikknoveller.com © Copyright 2018, All Rights Reserved. Novel copyrights belong to their respective owners.
Aspergillus is a mould which may lead to a variety of infectious, allergic diseases depending on the host's immune status or pulmonary structure. Invasive pulmonary aspergillosis occurs primarily in patients with severe immunodeficiency. The significance of this infection has dramatically increased with growing numbers of patients with impaired immune state associated with the management of malignancy, organ transplantation, autoimmune and inflammatory conditions; critically ill patients and those with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease appear to be at an increased risk. The introduction of new noninvasive tests, combined with more effective and better-tolerated antifungal agents, has resulted in lower mortality rates associated with this infection. Chronic necrotising aspergillosis is a locally invasive disease described in patients with chronic lung disease or mild immunodeficiency. Aspergilloma is usually found in patients with previously formed cavities in the lung, whereas allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis, a hypersensitivity reaction to Aspergillus antigens, is generally seen in patients with atopy, asthma or cystic fibrosis. This review provides an update on the evolving epidemiology and risk factors of the major manifestations of Aspergillus lung disease and the clinical manifestations that should prompt the clinician to consider these conditions. Current approaches for the diagnosis and management of these syndromes are discussed.
Aspergillus spp. are widespread in the environment and are commonly isolated from both the outdoor environment (i.e. soil, plant debris) and indoor environment, including hospitals. Pulmonary disease is caused mainly by Aspergillus fumigatus and has a spectrum of clinical syndromes (fig. 1) [1].
Invasive pulmonary aspergillosis (IPA) is a severe disease, and can be found not only in severely immunocompromised patients, but also in critically ill patients and those with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Chronic necrotising aspergillosis (CNA) is locally invasive and is seen mainly in patients with mild immunodeficiency or with a chronic lung disease. Aspergilloma and allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis (ABPA) are noninvasive forms of Aspergillus lung disease. Aspergilloma is a fungus ball that develops in a pre-existing cavity within the lung parenchyma, while ABPA is a hypersensitivity manifestation in the lungs that almost always affects patients with asthma or cystic fibrosis [2].
This review systematically describes the main clinical syndromes associated with pulmonary aspergillosis, covering their incidence, risk factors, clinical presentations, radiological features, diagnostic criteria, management options and outcome.
IPA was first described in 1953 [3]. Due to widespread use of chemotherapy and immunosuppressive agents, its incidence has increased over the past two decades [4, 5]. Of all autopsies performed between 1978 and 1992, the rate of invasive mycoses increased from 0.4% to 3.1%, as documented by Groll et al. [6]. IPA increased from 17% to 60% of all mycoses found on autopsy over the course of the study. The mortality rate of IPA exceeds 50% in neutropenic patients and reaches 90% in haematopoietic stem-cell transplantation (HSCT) recipients [7, 8].
Alveolar macrophages are the first line of defence against inhaled Aspergillus conidia. In the lungs, pathogen recognition receptors, such as Toll-like receptors, dectin-1 and mannose-binding lectin, identify specific fungal wall components and produce cytokines that stimulate neutrophil recruitment, the main defence mechanism against Aspergillus hyphae [9]. The major risk factor for IPA is immunodeficiency (table 1), which includes neutropenia, HSCT and solid-organ transplantation, prolonged therapy with high-dose corticosteroids, haematological malignancy, cytotoxic therapy, advanced AIDS and chronic granulomatous disease (CGD) [1, 10, 15].
The most important risk factor is neutropenia, especially when there is an absolute neutrophil count of <500 cells·mm−3. The risk of IPA correlates strongly with the duration and degree of neutropenia. The risk in neutropenic patients is estimated to increase by 1% per day for the first 3 weeks and then by 4% per day thereafter [10]. HSCT and solid-organ transplantation (especially lung transplantation) are also significant risk factors [11, 23] Several other factors predispose patients with transplantation to acquire IPA: multiple immune defects including prolonged neutropenia in the pre-engraftment phase of HSCT; the use of multiple anti-rejection or anti-graft versus host disease (GVHD) therapy (such as corticosteroids and cyclosporine); parenteral nutrition; use of multiple antibiotics; and prolonged hospitalisation.
There has been a steady increase in the documented cases of IPA following HSCT, where the risk is much higher following allogeneic rather than autologous HSCT (incidences of 2.3–15% and 0.5–4%, respectively) [8, 12–14, 24]. In allogeneic HSCT, the highest risk is in patients with severe GVHD (grade III–IV). The timeline of IPA in these patients follows a bimodal distribution, with a peak in the first month following HSCT, which is associated with neutropenia. The second peak is during the treatment of GVHD (median 78–112 days post-transplantation) [8, 13, 25]. Currently, the first peak is less significant because of the routine use of stem cells instead of bone marrow for transplantation, nonmyeloablative regimens, the use of colony-stimulating factors during neutropenia and the widespread use of antifungal agents [13, 26]. The second peak has become more significant, especially with the higher incidence of GVHD associated with unrelated allogeneic transplantation and treatment with intensive immunosuppressive therapy, including corticosteroids, cyclosporine A, anti-TNF agents, and other T-cell depleting strategies [13, 14, 17, 27–29].
In a study by Marr et al. [14], the probability of IPA reached approximately 5% at 2 months, 9% at 6 months, 10% at 1 year and 11.1% by the third year following allogeneic HSCT. In addition, there is evidence that cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection in these patients increases the risk of IPA [14, 30] the hazard ratio for IPA in the setting of CMV disease increases 13.3-fold (95% CI 4.7–37.7) [8].
Neutrophil dysfunction is another risk factor for IPA and is seen primarily in CGD. IPA is an important cause of mortality in these patients [22].
IPA is relatively uncommon in patients with HIV infection, especially with the routine use of highly active anti-retroviral therapy. The incidence of aspergillosis in a large cohort of patients with HIV infection was 3.5 cases per 1,000 person-yrs [18]. A low CD4 count (<100 cells·mm−3) is present in almost all cases of AIDS-associated aspergillosis, and half of HIV-infected patients with IPA have coexistent neutropenia or are on corticosteroid therapy. The rest of the cases appear to have no particular risk factors other than advanced AIDS [19–21]. There is increased incidence of tracheobronchial involvement in these patients in addition to the usual clinical picture of IPA [21, 31]. Since isolation of Aspergillus from respiratory secretions has poor predictive value for invasive IPA in AIDS patients, a histopathological diagnosis is usually required to establish the diagnosis [32]. Response to therapy in this patient group tends to be particularly poor [19–21, 32, 33]. The prognosis of HIV-infected patients with IPA is generally poor, with median survival of 3 months following diagnosis [18].
There are increasing numbers of reports documenting IPA in immunocompetent patients who do not have the classic risk factors. Two at-risk groups stand out: patients with severe COPD and critically ill patients. IPA is an emerging serious infection in patients with COPD. The majority of these patients have advanced COPD and/or are on corticosteroid therapy. Patients with COPD have increased susceptibility to IPA for several reasons, including structural changes in lung architecture, prolonged use of corticosteroid therapy [16], frequent hospitalisation, broad-spectrum antibiotic treatment, invasive procedures, mucosal lesions and impaired mucociliary clearance, and comorbid illnesses such as diabetes mellitus, alcoholism and malnutrition. It is also possible that abnormalities or deficiencies in surfactant proteins, alveolar macrophages and Toll-like receptors play a role in the pathogenesis of IPA in some patients with COPD [34–38].
It has been documented that chronic lung disease predisposes to colonisation of airways by Aspergillus spp., and it is possible, under certain circumstances, that this colonisation transforms to an invasive disease [39]. In a review of 65 cases of IPA in patients with COPD who did not have the traditional risk factors for IPA [40], 75% were on corticosteroid therapy for a median 2.6 yrs prior to the diagnosis of IPA. The dose was increased in 34% of cases following hospitalisation (usually for the treatment of acute exacerbation of COPD) and prior to the diagnosis of IPA. Several patients in the study had low forced expiratory volume in 1 s or were described to have severe or very severe COPD. Only 43% of the cases had documented comorbidities including atypical mycobacteria, remote history of Mycobacterium tuberculosis, polymyalgia rheumatica, asthma, cirrhosis, diabetes mellitus, pneumoconiosis, Dressler's syndrome and lung cancer. 59 (91%) patients died; the main cause of death was progressive respiratory failure. 31 (48%) patients were reported to have received mechanical ventilation, and 13 (20%) patients had evidence of disseminated IPA [40]. Potential explanations of the high mortality of IPA in these patients, also reported in other studies [41–43], are the delayed diagnosis secondary to low index of suspicion of this infection in this patient population, older age, poor pulmonary reserve and multiple comorbid illnesses. Since the clinical and radiological presentation of IPA in patients with COPD is nonspecific, to avoid delay in the diagnosis and management, a high index of suspicion is warranted. The isolation of Aspergillus spp. from a lower respiratory tract specimen should not be routinely dismissed as colonisation [40, 41].
IPA is also becoming an important infectious disease in intensive care unit (ICU) patients without the classical risk factors (neutropenia, leukaemia, HSCT), and the mortality is also devastating in these apparently less immunocompromised patients. Aspergillus spp. are isolated from lower respiratory patients, and in about half of these patients, this finding represents IPA [44–48]. In one retrospective study in a medical ICU, an incidence of invasive aspergillosis of 5.8% was found with pulmonary involvement in most cases. 70% of the cases were found in patients without leukaemia or cancer and the disease had a mortality rate exceeding 90% [47]. In another study of 172 critically ill patients who had positive sputum samples for Aspergillus, 83 had invasive disease, and 60% of these patients had no classic risk factors for IPA [44]. Critically ill patients are prone to developing disturbances in immunoregulation during their stay in the ICU, which renders them more vulnerable to fungal infections. Risk factors such as COPD, systemic corticosteroid therapy, non-haematological malignancy, chronic renal disease, liver failure, diabetes mellitus, near-drowning, HIV infection, autoimmune diseases, malnutrition and extensive burns have been described [44–47, 49].
The clinical signs and symptoms of IPA and its radiographic features are often nonspecific in ICU patients. The finding of Aspergillus spp. in respiratory tract samples in these patients should not be routinely discarded as colonisation, even if these patients are immunocompetent [44]. Therefore, in order not to miss a critical window of therapeutic opportunity, adapted clinical diagnostic criteria should be used for this category and further diagnostic evaluation with early antifungal therapy should be considered once IPA is suspected in critically ill patients [50, 51]. IPA in this patient population carries an attributable mortality of 18.9% after adjusting for confounding factors [47]. A report suggests that the isolation of Aspergillus from lower respiratory tract samples was associated with a worse ICU outcome, regardless of whether the finding represented IPA or colonisation [52].
In most cases, Aspergillus is introduced to the lower respiratory tract by inhalation of the infectious spores. Less commonly, IPA may start in locations other than the lungs, such as sinuses, the gastrointestinal tract or the skin (via intravenous catheters, prolonged skin contact with adhesive tapes or burns) [53–56].
Symptoms are nonspecific and usually mimic bronchopneumonia: fever unresponsive to antibiotics, cough, sputum production and dyspnoea. Patients may also present with pleuritic chest pain (due to vascular invasion leading to thromboses that cause small pulmonary infarcts) and haemoptysis, which is usually mild, but can be severe. IPA is one of the most common causes of haemoptysis in neutropenic patients, and may be associated with cavitation that occurs with neutrophil recovery [57].
Aspergillus infection may also disseminate haematogenously to other organs, including the brain (fig. 2). This can lead to seizures, ring-enhancing lesions, cerebral infarctions, intracranial haemorrhage, meningitis and epidural abscesses. Other organs such as the skin, kidneys, pleura, heart, oesophagus and liver may be less frequently involved [58].
Aspergillus tracheobronchitis (ATB) is a unique feature of IPA. It represents isolated invasion of the tracheobronchial tree by Aspergillus spp. Predisposing factors for ATB are similar to those for IPA; however, certain patient groups are more likely to develop this entity. These include lung transplantation recipients, patients with AIDS and cancer patients with mediastinal involvement and/or treatment [59–61]. Denning [62] proposed classifying ATB into three forms. Obstructive ATB is characterised by thick mucus plugs full of Aspergillus spp. without macroscopic bronchial inflammation. Pseudomembraneous ATB is characterised by extensive inflammation of the tracheobronchial tree and a membrane overlaying the mucosa containing Aspergillus spp. Ulcerative ATB is reserved to patients with limited involvement of the tracheobronchial tree, and is usually found at the suture line in lung transplantation recipients. Pseudomembraneous ATB is the most severe form and usually presents with cough and dyspnoea. Haemoptysis is not frequent. Radiological findings are not specific; however, evidence of segmental or lobar collapse may be present [61]. The diagnosis of ATB is usually made by the characteristic findings on bronchoscopy combined with microscopic analysis of respiratory specimens obtained during the procedure. The outcome of ulcerative ATB is generally favourable with antifungal therapy. On the other hand, the prognosis is poor in patients with pseudomembranous and obstructive ATB, with mortality reaching 78% [63]. The need for mechanical ventilation is a predictor of high mortality in these patients [63]. High index of suspicion of ATB, early diagnosis and prompt antifungal therapy may be associated with improved outcome [61].
The diagnosis of IPA remains challenging. Early diagnosis of IPA in severely immunocompromised patients is difficult, and a high index of suspicion is necessary in patients with risk factors for invasive disease. The gold standard in the diagnosis of IPA is histopathological examination of lung tissue obtained by thoracoscopic or open-lung biopsy [64]. The presence of septate, acute, branching hyphae invading lung tissue along with a culture positive for Aspergillus from the same site is diagnostic of IPA (fig. 3). Histopathological examination also allows for the exclusion of other diagnoses, such as malignancy or nonfungal infectious diseases. The histopathological findings associated with IPA have been shown to differ according to the underlying host. In patients with allogeneic HSCT and GVHD, there is intense inflammation with neutrophilic infiltration, minimal coagulation necrosis and low fungal burden. In neutropenic patients, IPA is characterised by scant inflammation, extensive coagulation necrosis associated with hyphal angio-invasion, and high fungal burden. Dissemination to other organs is equally high in both groups [5].
The significance of isolating Aspergillus spp. in sputum samples depends on the immune status of the host. In immunocompetent patients, it almost always represents colonisation with no clinical consequences. In a study of 66 elderly hospitalised patients with Aspergillus isolated from the sputum, 92% were consistent with colonisation and only 4.5% had IPA [39]. Similar observations have been reported by others [65–67]. Therefore, in immunocompetent patients with Aspergillus isolated from the sputum, antifungal therapy is generally not indicated, but appropriate diagnostic studies should be considered to exclude IPA. However, isolation of an Aspergillus species from sputum is highly predictive of invasive disease in immunocompromised patients. Studies have shown that sputum samples that are positive for Aspergillus in patients with leukaemia, or in those who have undergone HSCT, have a positive predictive value of 80–90% [66, 68, 69]. Conversly, negative sputum samples do not rule out IPA; negative sputum studies have been noted in 70% of patients with confirmed IPA [69, 70]. Blood cultures are rarely positive in patients with confirmed IPA [71].
Chest radiography is of little use in the early stages of disease because the incidence of nonspecific changes is high. Usual findings include rounded densities, pleural-based infiltrates suggestive of pulmonary infarctions, and cavitations. Pleural effusions are uncommon [72, 73]. Chest computed tomography (CT), especially when combined with high-resolution images (HRCT), is much more useful (fig. 2). The routine use of HRCT of the chest early in the course of IPA leads to earlier diagnosis and improved outcomes [74, 75]. It also aids further diagnostic studies such as bronchoscopy and open-lung biopsy [76]. Typical chest CT scan findings in patients suspected to have IPA include multiple nodules and the halo sign, which is mainly seen in neutropenic patients early in the course of infection (usually in the first week) and appears as a zone of low attenuation due to haemorrhage surrounding the pulmonary nodule. Another late radiological sign is the air crescent sign, which appears as a crescent-shaped lucency in the region of the original nodule secondary to necrosis [73, 77]. Neither sign is sensitive or pathognomic of IPA. The halo sign may be found in many other situations: as a result of metastasis, bronchoalveolar carcinoma, bronchiolitis obliterans organising pneumonia, eosinophilic pneumonia or other fungal infection [78]. Greene [79] found that 94% of 235 patients with a confirmed diagnosis of IPA had at least one nodular region. In another report on HRCT chest findings in febrile neutropenic patients with pneumonia, the findings associated with IPA were ill-defined nodules (67%), ground-glass appearance (56%), and consolidation (44%) [80]. In a retrospective study of 45 patients, none of the early HRCT signs (nodule, consolidation, peribronchial infiltrates) predicted patient outcome or the development of pulmonary haemorrhage [81]. However, pulmonary haemorrhage is expected to occur in the presence of large cavitating lesions or consolidations located close to larger pulmonary vessels.
Bronchoscopy with bronchoalveolar lavage (BAL) is generally helpful in the diagnosis of IPA, especially in patients with diffuse lung involvement. The sensitivity and specificity of a positive result of BAL fluid are about 50% and 97%, respectively, but this diagnostic yield of BAL in the diagnosis of IPA is not consistent, and much lower yields have been reported [66, 68, 82–86]. However, BAL is still a safe and useful tool in high-risk patients suspected to have IPA. In addition to obtaining samples for fungal stain and culture, it may also be useful in detecting Aspergillus antigens in the BAL fluid as well as excluding other infections. Transbronchial biopsies may be considered in selected patients.
It is always important to send the samples of the workup (sputum, BAL fluid or lung tissue) for culture as well as for histological examination. This is because a similar histological appearance to Aspergillus may be present with other fungal species, such as Scedosporium, Pseudallescheria and Fusarium [87]. In addition, there are many species of Aspergillus that may lead to IPA. While A. fumigatus is the most common, there are increasing reports of IPA in cancer patients due to other species such as Aspergillus niger, Aspergillus terreus and Aspergillus flavus [88–92]. Some of these species (such as A. terreus and Aspergillus nidulans) are resistant to amphotericin B [89, 92]. In a review of 300 cases with proven IPA, A. terreus was the second commonest species, with a frequency of 23% of the cases. The risk factors and outcome for A. terreus infection were similar to those for A. fumigatus infection, but A. terreus was significantly more likely to be nosocomial in origin and more likely to be resistant to amphotericin B [91]. The new triazole antifungal agents such as voriconazole and posaconazole have significantly better efficacy against A. terreus [89, 90, 93].
The most recent advances in the diagnosis of IPA are related to detecting Aspergillus antigens in body fluids, mainly galactomannan and (13)-β-d-glucan (both are cellular wall constituents). Galactomannan is a polysaccharide released by Aspergillus during growth. A double-sandwich ELISA for the detection of galactomannan in serum is the best characterised test and was approved by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the diagnosis of IPA with a threshold of 0.5 ng·mL−1. It is reported that serum galactomannan can be detected several days before the presence of clinical signs, chest radiographic abnormalities or a positive culture. Thus, galactomannan detection may allow earlier confirmation of the diagnosis; it may also assist in the assessment of the evolution of infection during treatment if serial serum galactomannan values are obtained [94, 95].
To assess the accuracy of a galactomannan assay for diagnosing IPA, a meta-analysis was undertaken by Pfeiffer et al. [96] of 27 studies from 1996–2005. The cases were diagnosed with IPA according to the European Organization for Research on Treatment of Cancer/Mycoses Study Group (EORTC/MSG) criteria [97]. Overall, the assay had a sensitivity of 71% and specificity of 89% for proven cases of IPA. The negative predictive value was 92–98% and the positive predictive value was 25–62% [96]. Pfeiffer et al. [96] also concluded that the galactomannan assay is more useful in patients who have a haematological malignancy or who have undergone allogeneic HSCT than in solid-organ transplant recipients or non-neutropenic patients.
Galactomannan is found in food and may be absorbed by the digestive tract, especially in patients with post-chemotherapy mucositis, resulting in a false-positive reaction. Also, medications such as β-lactam antibiotics (e.g. piperacillin/tazobactam) may be associated with a false-positive assay, while antifungal agents with activity against Aspergillus may lead to a false-negative result [98–101].
One of the major limitations of the galactomannan test is the species-specificity of the assay: it is not possible to exclude involvement by other moulds such as Fusarium, Zygomycetes, and dematiaceous fungi [102]. Therefore, galactomannan detection does not remove the need for careful microbiological and clinical evaluations.
Galactomannan is detected in other body fluids such as BAL, urine, and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF), and there is evidence that these tests may become positive prior to clinical and radiological findings suggestive of IPA [102–105]. In one study, incorporating galactomannan and quantitative PCR assays into standard BAL fluid analysis appeared to enhance bronchoscopic identification of Aspergillus species as the cause of pulmonary disease in HSCT recipients [103]. Some prospective and retrospective studies have tried to assess the importance of galactomannan detection in BAL samples in different patient categories and situations; they found a higher sensitivity and similar specificity compared to serum samples. It also appeared that galactomannan detection in BAL fluid performed significantly better in diagnosing IPA than its detection in serum or BAL fungal stain and culture. Besides, it facilitated more rapid antifungal therapy among these patients [106–109].
Detection of galactomannan in the CSF for diagnosis of cerebral aspergillosis appears promising. A study [110] with a small number of patients suggested it might be diagnostic for high-risk patients with compatible neurological symptoms. Further studies on larger patient populations are necessary fully to evaluate the role of this test in the diagnosis of neurological aspergillosis.
PCR is another way to diagnose IPA by the detection of Aspergillus DNA in BAL fluid and serum. The sensitivity and specificity of PCR of BAL fluid samples are estimated to be 67–100% and 55–95%, respectively [111], while for serum samples the sensitivity and specificity have been reported as 100% and 65–92%, respectively [111–114]. However, PCR is often associated with false-positive results, because it does not discriminate between colonisation and infection. PCR for Aspergillus DNA detection remains restricted to highly specialised laboratories and cannot be considered as a routine clinical test.
Detection of serum (13)-β-d-glucan, a fungal cell wall constituent, has also received FDA approval and is a highly sensitive and specific test for invasive deep mycosis. This could be useful in immunocompromised patients, including those with candidiasis, fusariosis, and aspergillosis [115]. In one retrospective study [116], the sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values for this test in diagnosing IPA were similar to those of galactomannan. The combination of the two tests showed improved specificity and positive predictive value compared with each test individually.
The role of serological studies in the diagnosis of IPA is evolving. Both galactomannan and (13)-β-d-glucan assays (but not PCR) were incorporated in the revised EORTC/MSG criteria for diagnosing IPA. However, their roles in different hosts, as surveillance tools, and their impact on the outcome for patients remain unclear. Ongoing prospective studies are attempting to address these issues, but until solid data are available, these tests should be considered as adjunct diagnostic studies. They should not replace appropriate clinical and radiological evaluation (and in selected cases, invasive procedures) to confirm the diagnosis of IPA.
The revised EORTC/MSG criteria (table 2) for the diagnosis of invasive fungal infections retained the original classifications of “proven,” “probable,” and “possible” invasive disease. However, the definition of “probable” has been expanded, whereas the scope of the category “possible” has been diminished. The category of proven invasive fungal disease can apply to any patient, regardless of whether or not the patient is immunocompromised, whereas the probable and possible categories are proposed for immunocompromised patients only. The revised definitions apply to immunocompromised patients but not necessarily to critically ill patients in the intensive care unit who, nonetheless, may develop possible or probable IPA [49]. The EORTC/MSG criteria are meant to serve as a guide for clinical and epidemiological research and thus do not need to be present in every patient in order to treat for IPA [97, 117, 118].
Despite the introduction of several new antifungal agents, treatment of IPA remains difficult and mortality rates are still high (table 3). Therapy should be considered as soon as there is a clinical suspicion of IPA, and while a workup is under way. Amphotericin B has been the first line of therapy for IPA for many years, with a recommended dose 1–1.5 mg·kg−1·day−1. However, it can cause serious side-effects, including nephrotoxicity, electrolyte disturbances and hypersensitivity. To reduce these side-effects, newer lipid-based preparations of amphotericin B (like liposomal amphotericin B and lipid complex amphotericin B) have been introduced, but higher doses of the lipid formulations are needed for equivalent antifungal efficacy. A recent large randomised trial demonstrated no additional benefits of high-dose liposomal amphotericin B (10 mg·kg−1·day−1) compared with lower-dose liposomal amphotericin B regimens (3 mg·kg−1·day−1), and outcomes were generally good with the lower dose, suggesting utility of liposomal amphotericin B in the low doses, and therapeutic risk associated with excessive toxicities at the higher doses [124].
A new broad-spectrum triazole, voriconazole, has been approved as the initial treatment of invasive aspergillosis and is currently considered the treatment of choice in many patients with IPA [119–121]. In a large prospective, randomised, multicentre trial, voriconazole was compared to amphotericin B as the primary therapy for IPA [122]. Patients receiving voriconazole had a higher favourable response rate at week 12 (53% versus 32% in patients receiving amphotericin B) and a higher 12-week survival (71% versus 58%). Voriconazole is available in both intravenous and oral formulations. The recommended dose is 6 mg·kg−1 twice daily intravenously on day 1, followed by 4 mg·kg−1·day−1. After 7 days, switching to 200 mg p.o. twice daily may be considered. Voriconazole has a milder side-effect profile and is much better tolerated than amphotericin B. The most frequent adverse effect is visual disturbances, described as blurred vision, photophobia and altered colour perception. Liver function test abnormalities and skin reactions are less common side-effects. However, voriconazole is associated with a significant number of drug–drug interactions, such as with cyclosporine, warfarin, terfenadine, carbamazepine, quinidine, rifampin, statins and sulfonylureas [119]. Since there is inter-individual and intra-individual variability in voriconazole plasma levels, therapeutic drug monitoring for voriconazole should be considered in cases of refractory fungal infection or concerns about drug toxicity [147]. Another broad-spectrum triazole, posaconazole, is effective and safe as salvage therapy in patients with IPA refractory to standard antifungal therapy [22, 93, 125].
Echinocandin derivatives such as caspofungin, micafungin and anidulafungin are also effective agents in the treatment of IPA refractory to standard treatment, or if the patient cannot tolerate first-line agents [126, 127]. While polyenes and azoles target the fungal cell membrane, echinocandins inhibit the (13)-β-d-glucan constituent of the fungal cell wall. Therefore, a combination antifungal therapy could be a strategy to treat refractory IPA [148, 149]. There are in vitro and limited clinical studies (case reports and retrospective case series) that suggest a benefit from combining antifungal agents as salvage therapy in refractory IPA [149–152]. The combination of caspofungin and liposomal amphotericin B as a salvage therapy showed an overall response rate of 42%, although in patients with documented progressive IPA, the response rate was only 18% [149]. A survival advantage of voriconazole plus caspofungin compared with voriconazole alone was reported in one retrospective analysis of salvage therapy for IPA [151]. This combination was also compared with liposomal amphotericin B as primary therapy for IPA in solid-organ transplant recipients in a prospective, multicentre, observational study [153]. The combination was associated with improved survival in subsets of recipients with renal failure or A. fumigatus. Conversely, another report showed no difference in the response rate between patients who received micafungin alone or those who received it in combination with other antifungal agents as primary or salvage therapy for acute IPA [154]. Combination therapy of an echinocandin with either a lipid formulation of amphotericin B or triazole agent appears promising and should be considered in critically ill patients [155], but cannot be recommended for the routine treatment of primary IPA. Controlled randomised prospective studies are needed to document the value of this approach. Because galactomannan is covalently bound to (13)-β-d-glucan in the fungal cell wall, an initial increase in circulating galactomannan might be expected in patients treated with echinocandins, which inhibit the (13)-β-d-glucan constituent [156].
According to the recent statement of the American Thoracic Society for treating fungal infections in adults [123], the duration of IPA therapy should be individualised to the patient's clinical and radiological response. The treatment is often prolonged, lasting several months to >1 yr. Prerequisites for discontinuing treatment include clinical and radiographic resolution, microbiological clearance and reversal of immunosuppression. Reinstating therapy in patients who have responded should be considered if immunosuppression is resumed, or if the patient requires additional cytotoxic therapy or another HSCT.
Surgical resection has generally a limited role in the management of patients with IPA, but it becomes important in cases with invasion of bone, burn wounds, epidural abscesses and vitreal disease [123]. It should also be considered in cases of massive haemoptysis, pulmonary lesions close to the great blood vessels or pericardium, or residual localised pulmonary lesions in patients with continuing immunosuppression or those who are expected to have immunosuppressive therapy in the future. Several reports have shown the relative efficacy and safety of surgical intervention, in addition to antifungal therapy, in these situations [75, 157–162].
Immunomodulatory therapy could be used to decrease the degree of immunosuppression and as an adjunct to antifungal therapy for the treatment of IPA. This includes colony-stimulating factors, like granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF) and granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF), and interferon-γ. Colony-stimulating factors stimulate the bone marrow to produce more neutrophils, and have been shown to augment the phagocytic activity of neutrophils against fungi, including Aspergillus spp. [163–165]. There is a theoretical advantage to adding these agents to the treatment of neutropenic patients suspected to have IPA. In one randomised study in patients receiving chemotherapy for acute myelogenous leukaemia, prophylaxis with GM-CSF led to a lower frequency of fatal fungal infections compared with placebo (1.9% versus 19%, respectively) and reduced overall mortality [166]. It is recommended to consider colony-stimulating factors in neutropenic patients with serious infections, but there are no definitive studies that show benefit in patients with IPA [167]. Interferon-γ is another cytokine that has been shown in vitro and in animal models to augment immunity by increasing neutrophil and monocyte activity against Aspergillus [164, 168, 169]. It has been used to decrease the risk of Aspergillus infection in patients with CGD [170]. Evidence on the value of adding interferon-γ as an adjunct treatment of IPA is limited to case reports and small reports, and there are no guidelines on its role in the treatment of IPA [171]. There was a concern about the use of interferon-γ in allogeneic HSCT recipients, since it may worsen GVHD; however, in a recent trial, GVHD actually improved during this therapy [172].
Granulocyte transfusion is another potential supportive therapy, especially for patients with prolonged neutropenia and life-threatening infections refractory to conventional therapy. It has been shown that it is safe for potential donors to donate neutrophils by granulocytophoresis, but there are no randomised studies that prove the benefit of adjuvant granulocyte transfusion in the treatment of IPA [173]. It is also important in patients with IPA, whenever possible, to decrease the dose of systemic corticosteroids and immunosuppressive agents.
The management of IPA is difficult, and an important approach to this problem is prophylaxis in patients at increased risk for IPA. Avoiding the hospitalisation of patients in areas where there is construction and the use of high-efficiency particulate air (HEPA) filtration, with or without laminar air flow ventilation, have both proven useful [174]. A meta-analysis suggested that itraconazole was effective in preventing fungal infections in neutropenic patients [175]. Recent studies confirmed the efficacy of posaconazole as IPA prophylaxis in patients with acute myelogenous leukaemia, myelodysplastic syndrome or HSCT [176–178]. Currently, chemoprophylaxis trials using other antifungal agents (such as voriconazole, caspofungin, micafungin, and inhaled amphotericin B formulation) are under way in high-risk patients [123].
CNA, also called semi-invasive or subacute invasive aspergillosis, was first described by Gefter et al. [179] and Binder et al. [130] in 1981. It is an indolent, cavitary and infectious process of the lung parenchyma secondary to local invasion by Aspergillus species, usually A. fumigatus [128]. In contrast to IPA, CNA runs a slowly progressive course over weeks to months, and vascular invasion or dissemination to other organs is unusual. This syndrome is rare, and the available literature is based on case reports and small case series [128, 130, 179].
CNA usually affects middle-aged and elderly patients with altered local defences, associated with underlying chronic lung diseases such as COPD, previous pulmonary tuberculosis, thoracic surgery, radiation therapy, pneumoconiosis, cystic fibrosis, lung infarction or sarcoidosis [180]. It may also occur in patients who are mildly immunocompromised due to diabetes mellitus, alcoholism, chronic liver disease, low-dose corticosteroid therapy, malnutrition, or connective tissue diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis [130]. Mannose-binding lectin polymorphism may play a role in the pathogenesis of CNA [181]. It may be difficult to distinguish CNA from aspergilloma, especially if a previous chest radiograph is not available [182]. However, in CNA there is local invasion of the lung tissue and a pre-existing cavity is not needed, although a cavity with a fungal ball may develop in the lung as a secondary phenomenon due to destruction by the fungus. In a report of aspergillomas in AIDS patients, progression over time was seen, with considerable morbidity and some mortality [182]. This probably reflects the possibility that an aspergilloma may invade the cavity wall, causing local parenchyma destruction, as seen in patients with CNA [128]. Due to this overlap between the CNA and aspergilloma, some authors put them in one group called chronic cavitary pulmonary aspergillosis which is primarily a non- or semi-invasive disease that is seen mainly in nonimmunocompromised patients with chronic lung diseases [183].
Patients frequently complain of constitutional symptoms such as fever, malaise, fatigue, and weight loss of 1–6 months' duration, in addition to chronic productive cough and haemoptysis, which varies from mild to severe [182]. Occasionally, CNA may be asymptomatic.
Imaging studies, such as chest radiograph and chest CT scan, usually show consolidation, pleural thickening and cavitary lesions in the upper lung lobes. Aspergilloma may be seen in nearly 50% of patients [130]. The adjacent pleural thickening may progress to form a broncho–pleural fistula, so it is considered an early indication of a locally invasive process [179, 184]. Characteristically, these radiological findings tend to progress over weeks to months [184].
The vast majority of patients with CNA have positive serum immunoglobuling (Ig)G antibodies to A. fumigatus, but this varies over time and may be negative at some points in the course of CNA [182]. Immediate skin reactivity for Aspergillus antigens is another helpful, but not diagnostic, test. Culture of sputum and bronchoscopy samples is usually positive for Aspergillus spp. [182].
Confirmation of the diagnosis requires a histological demonstration of tissue invasion by the fungus and the growth of Aspergillus species on culture. Pathologically, CNA is characterised by necrosis of lung tissue, acute or chronic inflammation of the cavity wall and presence of hyphae consistent with Aspergillus species [185]. The yield of transbronchial biopsy specimens or percutaneous aspirates is relatively poor, and a thoracoscopic or open-lung biopsy is rarely performed in these patients. As a result, confirmation of the diagnosis is commonly delayed, which may contribute to the morbidity and mortality associated with CNA. The combination of characteristic clinical and radiological findings and either serological results positive for Aspergillus or the isolation of Aspergillus from respiratory samples is highly indicative of CNA [186]. Denning et al. [186] have proposed criteria for diagnosis of chronic pulmonary aspergillosis, including CNA (table 4).
The mainstay of treatment for CNA is the antifungal therapy (table 3). Amphotericin B was initially used in doses of 0.5–1 mg−1·kg−1·day−1 (4–5 mg·kg−1·day−1 for the lipid formulation) with favourable results [128, 130]. Itraconazole later became an effective alternative to the relatively toxic amphotericin B [128, 129]. More recently, voriconazole has emerged as a primary therapy for CNA. In a recent prospective study, where voriconazole 200 mg was given twice daily for a period of 4–24 weeks as primary or salvage therapy for 39 patients with CNA [120], a complete or partial response was seen in 43% of patients, and improvement or stability was seen in 80%. The recent statement of the American Thoracic Society favours giving either voriconazole or itraconazole for mild to moderate disease until resolution or stabilisation of the clinical and radiographic manifestations, while in patients with severe disease, initial therapy with intravenous amphotericin B or intravenous voriconazole should be considered [123].
Evaluation of the response to treatment is best done by following clinical, radiological, serological and microbiological parameters [182]. Useful parameters of response include weight gain and enhanced energy level, improved pulmonary symptoms, falling inflammatory markers and total serum IgE level, improvement in paracavitary infiltrates, and eventually a reduction in cavity size [182].
Surgical resection has a minor role in the treatment of CNA, being reserved for healthy young patients with focal disease and good pulmonary reserves, patients not tolerating antifungal therapy and patients with residual localised but active disease despite adequate antifungal therapy. Binder et al. [130] reported that 90% of patients who underwent surgical resection had good responses, but surgery was associated with significant post-operative complications.
The reported mortality of CNA varies widely and may be limited by incomplete follow-up [128]. Mortality was 39% in American reports, but less than 10% in European reports using itraconazole [128].
Aspergilloma is the most common and best-recognised form of pulmonary involvement by Aspergillus species, and it usually develops in a pre-existing cavity in the lung. The aspergilloma (fungus ball) is composed of fungal hyphae, inflammatory cells, fibrin, mucus, and tissue debris. The most common species of Aspergillus recovered from such lesions is A. fumigatus; however, other fungi, such as Zygomycetes and Fusarium, may cause the formation of a fungal ball. Many cavitary lung diseases are complicated by aspergilloma, including tuberculosis, sarcoidosis, bronchiectasis, bronchial cysts and bullae, ankylosing spondylitis, neoplasm, and pulmonary infection [187, 188]. Of these, tuberculosis is the most common [189]. In a study of 544 patients with pulmonary cavities secondary to tuberculosis, 11% had radiological evidence of aspergilloma [190]. Less frequently, aspergilloma has been described in cavities caused by other fungal infections [191, 192]. It is thought that inadequate drainage can facilitate the growth of Aspergillus on the walls of these cavities.
The fungus ball may move within the cavity, but it does not usually invade the surrounding lung parenchyma or blood vessels, although exceptions have been noted [193, 194]. The lesion remains stable in the majority of cases, but it may decrease in size or resolve spontaneously without treatment in 10% of cases [195]. Rarely, the aspergilloma may increase in size.
Most patients with aspergilloma are asymptomatic. When symptoms are present, most patients experience mild haemoptysis, but severe and life-threatening haemoptysis may occur, particularly in patients with underlying tuberculosis [196]. The mortality rate from haemoptysis related to aspergilloma ranges between 2–14% [197–201]. The source of bleeding is usually the bronchial blood vessels, and it may be caused by local invasion of blood vessels lining the cavity, endotoxins released from the fungus, or mechanical irritation of the exposed vasculature inside the cavity by the moving fungus ball [193, 202, 203]. Less commonly, patients may develop cough, dyspnoea that is probably more related to the underlying lung disease and fever that could be secondary to the underlying disease or bacterial superinfection.
Risk factors for poor prognosis of aspergilloma include the severity of the underlying lung disease, increase in size or number of lesions as seen on chest radiographs, immunosuppression (including corticosteroid therapy and HIV infection), increasing Aspergillus-specific IgG titres, recurrent large volume haemoptysis and underlying sarcoidosis [204].
The diagnosis of pulmonary aspergilloma is usually based on clinical and radiographic features along with serological or microbiological evidence of Aspergillus spp. Chest radiography is useful in demonstrating the presence of a mass in a pre-existing cavity. Aspergilloma appears as an upper-lobe, mobile, intra-cavitary mass with an air crescent in the periphery [205]. A change in the position of the fungus ball after moving the patient from supine to prone position is an interesting but variable sign [206]. Chest CT scan may be necessary to visualise aspergilloma that is not apparent on chest radiograph [206] (fig. 4). These radiological appearances may be seen in other conditions such as neoplasm, abscess, hydatid cyst and granulomatosis with polyangiitis (Wegener's granulomatosis). Aspergilloma may also coexist with any of the above-mentioned conditions [207, 208]. Sputum cultures for Aspergillus spp are positive only in 50% of cases [209]. Serum IgG antibodies to Aspergillus are positive in most cases but may be negative in patients on corticosteroid therapy [194]. Aspergillus antigen has been recovered from the BAL fluid of patients with aspergilloma, but the diagnostic value of this test is variable [210, 211].
Treatment is considered only when patients become symptomatic, usually with haemoptysis (table 3). There is no consensus on the best treatment approach. Inhaled, intracavitary and endobronchial instillations of antifungal agents have been tried and reported in small numbers of patients, but without consistent success [200, 212, 213]. CT-guided percutaneous administration of amphotericin B can be effective for aspergilloma, especially in patients with massive haemoptysis, and can lead to resolution within few days [214, 215]. The role of intravenous amphotericin B is uncertain; small studies failed to show a benefit [216].
Itraconazole may be useful in the management of selected patients with aspergilloma because it has a high tissue penetration. Oral itraconazole has been used with radiographic and symptomatic improvement in one-half to two-thirds of patients. Occasionally patients have a complete response [136–138]. In one study, significant itraconazole levels within the aspergilloma cavities were demonstrated after using the standard dose of itraconazole (100–200 mg·day−1) [217]. The major limitation of itraconazole is that it works slowly and would not be useful in cases of life-threatening haemoptysis [210].
Surgical resection of the cavity and removal of the fungus ball is usually indicated in patients with recurrent haemoptysis, if their pulmonary function is sufficient to allow surgery. It is associated with relatively high mortality rates, ranging from 7–23% [132–135, 197, 198, 203]. The most common causes of death post-operatively are severe underlying lung disease, pneumonia, acute myocardial infarction, and IPA [135, 200]. Other post-operative complications include haemorrhage, residual pleural space, bronchoalveolar fistula, empyema and respiratory failure.
Bronchial artery embolisation should be considered as a temporary measure in patients with life-threatening haemoptysis, since haemoptysis usually recurs as a result of massive collateral blood vessels [131]. The role of newer antifungal azoles such as voriconazole in the treatment of aspergilloma has yet to be determined.
Allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis (ABPA) is a pulmonary disease that results from hypersensitivity to Aspergillus antigens, mostly due to A. fumigatus. The majority of cases occur among people with asthma or cystic fibrosis. It is estimated that 2% of asthmatics, and 7–14% of corticosteroid-dependent asthmatics have ABPA. Also the incidence of ABPA is higher in patients with atopy [218]. In the case of cystic fibrosis, 1–15% of patients may develop ABPA [219–222]. Sensitisation to Aspergillus antigens is an important phenomenon in asthmatics, especially those with atopy. In a meta-analysis of 21 studies, the prevalence of sensitisation to Aspergillus antigens in selected patients with asthma was 28% [223]. The prevalences of ABPA in patients with asthma and those with Aspergillus hypersensitivity were 12.9% and 40%, respectively. In addition to increasing the risk of ABPA, sensitisation to Aspergillus antigens appears to increase the severity of asthma. In a study of 105 patients with asthma, 28.5% of patients were sensitised to Aspergillus antigens [224]. About one-third of this group had ABPA. Patients with sensitisation to Aspergillus antigens had significantly more severe airflow obstruction and more prescriptions for oral corticosteroids. Similar findings were reported in another study from Cleveland (OH, USA) and London (UK) [225]. These observations suggest that it is crucial to screen asthmatic patients for sensitisation to Aspergillus antigens and to monitor these patients more closely and exclude the presence of ABPA. Among patients with cystic fibrosis, ABPA is more commonly seen in those who are males, have a history of asthma or atopy, have lower lung function or have Pseudomonas in sputum cultures [220].
The pathogenesis of ABPA is not completely understood. There does not appear to be a correlation between Aspergillus load in the environment and the development of ABPA [226]. Many immune responses appear to be involved, including Aspergillus-specific IgE-mediated type I hypersensitivity reactions, specific IgG-mediated type III hypersensitivity reactions, and abnormal T-lymphocyte responses [227–230].
ABPA is usually suspected on clinical grounds. The diagnosis is confirmed by radiological and serological testing. Almost all patients have clinical asthma, and patients usually present with episodic wheezing, expectoration of sputum containing brown plugs, pleuritic chest pain, and fever [231]. Chest radiograph may be normal in the early stages of the disease. During acute exacerbations, fleeting pulmonary infiltrates are a characteristic feature of the disease that tend to appear in the upper lobe and are central in location. Due to mucoid impaction of the airways, there may be transient areas of opacification, which may present as band-like opacities emanating from the hilum with rounded distal margin (gloved finger appearance) [232]. The “ring sign” and “tram lines” are radiological signs that represent the thickened and inflamed bronchi and may be seen in chest radiography. At later stages, central bronchiectasis and pulmonary fibrosis may develop. Chest HRCT is helpful for better defining bronchiectasis and is also more sensitive in demonstrating the above changes (fig. 5). Typically, total serum IgE is elevated (usually >1000 IU·mL−1), and sputum cultures reveal Aspergillus spp. Serum IgE could be used as a marker for flare-ups and response to therapy [233]. However a positive sputum culture is not necessary to diagnose ABPA. Immediate skin test reactivity to A. fumigatus antigens and elevated levels of serum IgG and IgE antibodies to Aspergillus are usually documented [227]. Although pulmonary function tests are not characteristic of ABPA, they usually show reversible obstructive lung disease that may become irreversible in later stages. Restrictive lung disease with reduction in diffusion capacity may be observed during acute exacerbations or late stages. Pulmonary function tests may be useful in following up the progress of disease over time. Bronchoscopy is not necessary for the diagnosis of ABPA; however, if performed, BAL may show increased levels of eosinophils and IgE concentration. Aspergillus may rarely be detected on fungal stain or culture [234].
Lung biopsies are rarely performed since ABPA is usually suspected on clinical rounds [230]. In one pathological study, 18 specimens were taken from patients diagnosed with ABPA and the most significant findings were involvement of the bronchi and bronchioles, with bronchocentric granulomas in 15 specimens and mucoid impaction in 11 [235]. Other findings included granulomatous inflammation consisting of palisading histiocytes surrounded by lymphocytes, plasma cells, and eosinophils. Fungal hyphae were seen, but without evidence of tissue invasion [235]. Rosenberg et al. [231] and Greenberger et al. [233] have standardised the criteria for the diagnosis of ABPA (table 5), not all of which need to be present for the diagnosis to be made.
As delayed treatment may result in irreversible pulmonary damage, early detection and treatment of ABPA before the development of all clinical symptoms and bronchiectasis is paramount. Patients with ABPA can be subdivided into two groups: patients with or without central bronchiectasis (CB) (ABPA-CB and ABPA-seropositive, respectively) [1]. The minimum essential criteria to diagnose patients with ABPA-CB include asthma, immediate skin reactivity to Aspergillus antigens, serum IgE level >1,000 ng·mL−1 and central bronchiectasis. The minimum criteria to diagnose ABPA-seropositive patients include asthma, immediate skin reactivity to Aspergillus antigens, serum IgE >1,000 ng·mL−1, history of pulmonary infiltrates and elevated levels of serum IgE or IgG antibodies to A. fumigatus [236].
Patterson et al. [237] have also subdivided ABPA into five stages on the basis of clinical course, which helps to guide the management of the disease [237]. These stages do not need to occur in order. The first four are potentially reversible with no long-term sequel. Stage I, the acute stage, is the initial acute presentation with asthma, elevated IgE level, peripheral eosinophilia, pulmonary infiltrates, and IgE and IgG antibodies to A. fumigatus. In practice, patients are seldom identified in this stage. In stage II, the remission stage, the IgE falls but usually remains elevated, eosinophilia is absent, and the chest radiograph is clear. Serum IgG antibodies to Aspergillus antigen may be slightly elevated. Stage III, the exacerbation stage, is the recurrence of the same findings as in stage I in patients known to have ABPA. IgE rises to at least double the baseline level. Stage IV, the corticosteroid-dependent stage, occurs in patients who have asthma dependent on chronic use of high-dose corticosteroid therapy. Exacerbations are marked by worsening asthma, radiographic changes and a potential increase in IgE levels. Frequently, the chest CT scan will show central bronchiectasis. Unfortunately, most patients are diagnosed at this stage [238]. In stage V, the fibrotic stage, bronchiectasis and fibrosis develop usually leading to irreversible lung disease. Patients in this stage may present with dyspnoea, cyanosis, rales, and cor pulmonale. Clubbing may be present. The serum IgE level and eosinophil count might be low or high. Fortunately, few patients progress to this stage.
Treatment of ABPA aims to treat acute exacerbations of the disease and limit progressive lung disease and bronchiectasis. Oral corticosteroids are the main treatment for ABPA (table 3). They suppress the hypersensitivity and inflammatory response provoked by A. fumigatus rather than eradicating the organism. Treatment with corticosteroids leads to the relief of bronchospasm, the resolution of radiographic infiltrates and a reduction in serum total IgE and peripheral eosinophilia [139, 140]. 2 weeks of daily therapy of oral prednisone (0.5 mg·kg−1·day−1), followed by gradual tapering, has been recommended for new ABPA-related infiltrates [141, 142]. The duration of therapy should be individualised according to the patient's clinical condition. However, most patients require prolonged low-dose corticosteroid therapy to control their symptoms and decrease the rate of relapse [141, 142]. Total serum IgE serves as a marker of ABPA disease activity. It should be checked 6–8 weeks after the initiation of therapy and then every 8 weeks for 1 year after that to determine a baseline range for each individual patient [239]. Inhaled corticosteroids may help to control symptoms of asthma, but small studies have failed to demonstrate the efficacy of inhaled corticosteroids in preventing the progression of lung damage in patients with ABPA [240, 241].
Several studies have been done on the utility of the antifungal agent itraconazole in the management of patients with ABPA. It has been effective in improving symptoms, facilitating weaning from corticosteroids, decreasing Aspergillus titres and improving radiographic abnormalities and pulmonary function [210]. A randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of itraconazole 200 mg twice daily for 16 weeks for patients with ABPA already receiving corticosteroids was recently conducted by Stevens et al. [143]. 46% of patients treated with itraconazole achieved significant response, defined as a reduction of at least 50% in the corticosteroid dose, decrease of at least 25% in the serum IgE concentration, and one of the following: a 25% improvement in exercise tolerance or pulmonary function test results or partial or complete resolution of pulmonary infiltrates. Of note, however, itraconazole may augment the activity of corticosteroids via inhibition of their metabolism, which may lead to abnormal adrenocorticotropic hormone stimulation and adrenal insufficiency [242]. Recently, voriconazole has also been tried in the treatment of ABPA and showed a favourable therapeutic response in the few case reports available [144–146]. In one study of small number of children with cystic fibrosis and ABPA, voriconazole treatment demonstrated significant clinical and serological improvements [243]. Randomised trials are needed to assess the efficacy of voriconazole in the management of ABPA. Few case reports have described the beneficial use of the anti-IgE monoclonal antibody (omalizumab) in patients with ABPA. They have shown rapid improvement of the respiratory symptoms and lung function [244, 245].
The above-mentioned Aspergillus syndromes may co-exist (e.g. fungal balls in patients with ABPA) or may progress from one entity to another (e.g. IPA in a patient with ABPA) (fig. 6). These Aspergillus overlap syndromes have been reported in case reports or small case series. The proposed mechanisms for the development of Aspergillus overlap syndromes include coincidence, the presence of severe underlying lung disease (e.g. a patient with aspergilloma who develops CNA), corticosteroid therapy (IPA in a patient with aspergilloma or ABPA), or Aspergillus fungal load. It is also possible that genetic factors may predispose patients to progress from one form of aspergillosis to another. For example, CFTR gene mutation may lead to ABPA, and mannose-binding lectin gene mutations may result in CNA or IPA. Viral illnesses (in a patient with ABPA or aspergilloma) have been rarely reported as a risk factor for IPA [183].
The emergence of fungal balls in patients with ABPA has been reported infrequently in the literature. It may occur as an early event as well as a late phenomenon. In early cases, the bronchiectatic areas affected by ABPA may enlarge to form cavities that colonise with Aspergillus spp., creating fungal balls that may present as haemoptysis and/or a cavitary mass [142, 246]. The knowledge that aspergillomas may develop in patients with ABPA helps avoid unnecessary invasive procedures to rule out alternative aetiologies, such malignancy or tuberculosis. Fungal balls may also be a late finding in patients with fibrosis and cavitation associated with long-standing or poorly treated ABPA. In some of these patients, this aspergilloma could be due to concomitant fibrocavitary disease [247] (such as tuberculosis) that was activated by steroid therapy for ABPA which would accelerate the fibrocavitary changes and the development of fungal balls [142, 248]. In some cases, fungal balls may precede ABPA, and may also have a role in the pathogenesis of ABPA in susceptible hosts. There are reports of patients who developed aspergilloma or CNA associated with pre-existing fibrocavitary disease (such as tuberculosis or sarcoidosis) and later developed ABPA [249]. It is possible that the overgrowth of Aspergillus species in these cavities triggers a hypersensitivity reaction in susceptible patients, leading to ABPA. Concurrent ABPA and aspergilloma is likely to increase the severity of the disease with more frequent exacerbations of asthma and possibly increased risk of haemoptysis [250]. Such patients should be monitored carefully and antifungal therapy or resection of the aspergilloma may be necessary in symptomatic patients [250, 251].
IPA in patients with ABPA has been reported sporadically in the literature. In some reports, the invasion by Aspergillus species is restricted to the tissues surrounding the bronchiectatic segments with granulomatous reaction [252–254]. Some of these cases are more likely to represent the semi-invasive form of CNA rather than IPA due to their chronic courses. This local invasion by Aspergillus probably develops as a result of chronic immunosuppression because of corticosteroids and/or the presence of underlying chronic lung disease. Disseminated IPA has rarely been described in patients with ABPA [255, 256]. Few case reports describe patients with cystic fibrosis on high-dose corticosteroids who acquire a viral infection, like influenza, predisposing them to IPA [257, 258]. However, given the paucity of literature about these cases there are no validated predictors for the development of IPA in patients with ABPA.
Aspergillus species may also play a role in the pathogenesis of other pulmonary conditions that are not part of the characteristic diseases caused by this fungus. Although these conditions are thought to develop independently from the Aspergillus species, there is evidence that the fungus may be implicated in some cases. These diseases include IgE-mediated asthma, hypersensitivity pneumonitis, mucoid impaction in bronchus and bronchocentric granulomatosis.
. Trends in mortality due to invasive mycotic diseases in the United States, 1980–1997. Clin Infect Dis 2001; 33: 641–647.
. Selective protection against conidia by mononuclear and against mycelia by polymorphonuclear phagocytes in resistance to Aspergillus. Observations on these two lines of defense in vivo and in vitro with human and mouse phagocytes. J Clin Invest 1982; 69: 617–631.
. Aspergillosis among people infected with human immunodeficiency virus: incidence and survival. Adult and adolescent spectrum of HIV disease project. Clin Infect Dis 2000; 31: 1253–1257.
. Invasive aspergillosis in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome: report of 33 cases. French cooperative study group on aspergillosis in AIDS. Am J Med 1993; 95: 177–187.
. Prognostic factors for death due to invasive aspergillosis after hematopoietic stem cell transplantation: a 1-year retrospective study of consecutive patients at French transplantation centers. Clin Infect Dis 2006; 42: 955–963.
. Higher risk of cytomegalovirus and Aspergillus infections in recipients of T cell-depleted unrelated bone marrow: analysis of infectious complications in patients treated with T cell depletion versus immunosuppressive therapy to prevent graft-versus-host disease. Biol Blood Marrow Transplant 2007; 13: 1487–1498.
. High risk of death due to bacterial and fungal infection among cytomegalovirus (CMV)-seronegative recipients of stem cell transplants from seropositive donors: evidence for indirect effects of primary CMV infection. J Infect Dis 2002; 185: 273–282.
. Ulcerative and plaque-like tracheobronchitis due to infection with Aspergillus in patients with AIDS. Clin Infect Dis 1993; 17: 344–352.
. Risk factors and outcomes associated with identification of Aspergillus in respiratory specimens from persons with HIV disease. Pulmonary complications of HIV infection study group. Chest 1998; 114: 131–137.
. Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patients with invasive pulmonary aspergillosis: benefits of intensive care? Intensive Care Med 2001; 27: 59–67.
. Primary cutaneous aspergillosis associated with Hickman intravenous catheters. N Engl J Med 1987; 317: 1105–1108.
. Significance of isolation of Aspergillus from the respiratory tract in diagnosis of invasive pulmonary aspergillosis. Results from a three-year prospective study. Am J Med 1986; 81: 249–254.
. Improved management of invasive pulmonary aspergillosis in neutropenic patients using early thoracic computed tomographic scan and surgery. J Clin Oncol 1997; 15: 139–147.
. Role of early diagnosis and aggressive surgery in the management of invasive pulmonary aspergillosis in neutropenic patients. Clin Microbiol Infect 2001; 7: Suppl. 2, 54–61.
. Invasive pulmonary aspergillosis in acute leukemia. The contribution of CT to early diagnosis and aggressive management. Chest 1987; 92: 95–99.
. Treatment of invasive aspergillosis with posaconazole in patients who are refractory to or intolerant of conventional therapy: an externally controlled trial. Clin Infect Dis 2007; 44: 2–12.
. Invasive aspergillosis in allogeneic stem cell transplant recipients: increasing antigenemia is associated with progressive disease. Clin Infect Dis 2002; 34: 939–943.
. Detection of Aspergillus species in blood and bronchoalveolar lavage samples from immunocompromised patients by means of 2-step polymerase chain reaction: clinical results. Clin Infect Dis 2001; 33: 428–435.
. Revised definitions of invasive fungal disease from the European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer/invasive fungal infections cooperative group and the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases mycoses study group (EORTC/MSG) consensus group. Clin Infect Dis 2008; 46: 1813–1821.
. Activity of posaconazole in the treatment of central nervous system fungal infections. J Antimicrob Chemother 2005; 56: 745–755.
. New agents for the treatment of fungal infections: clinical efficacy and gaps in coverage. Clin Infect Dis 2006; 43: 1060–1068.
. The assessment of immunologic and clinical changes occurring during corticosteroid therapy for allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis. Am J Med 1978; 64: 599–606.
. Efficacy and toxicity of caspofungin in combination with liposomal amphotericin B as primary or salvage treatment of invasive aspergillosis in patients with hematologic malignancies. Cancer 2003; 98: 292–299.
. Aggressive surgical management in localized pulmonary mycotic and nonmycotic infections for neutropenic patients with acute leukemia: report of eighteen cases. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg 1998; 115: 63–68.
. Phase I/II trial of neutrophil transfusions from donors stimulated with G-CSF and dexamethasone for treatment of patients with infections in hematopoietic stem cell transplantation. Blood 2000; 95: 3302–3309.
. Intravenous itraconazole for prophylaxis of systemic fungal infections in patients with acute myelogenous leukemia and high-risk myelodysplastic syndrome undergoing induction chemotherapy. Cancer 2004; 100: 568–573.
Aspergilloma and residual tuberculous cavities – the results of a resurvey. Tubercle 1970; 51: 227–245.
. Pulmonary aspergilloma: analysis of prognosis in relation to haemoptysis and survey of treatment. Thorax 1983; 38: 572–578.
. Topical treatment of pulmonary aspergilloma by antifungals. Relationship between duration of the disease and efficacy of therapy. Chest 1993; 103: 1421–1425.
. Iatrogenic adrenal insufficiency as a side-effect of combined treatment of itraconazole and budesonide. Eur Respir J 2002; 20: 127–133.
. Concurrent allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis and aspergilloma: is it a more severe form of the disease? Eur Respir Rev 2010; 19: 261–263.
one web hosting server is dedicated Primarily to your internet site. If you prefer to to check out extra choices for may well-as-perfectly-be-free web hosting, be certain to Check out our prime suggestions for inexpensive web hosting. For that reason, It really is essential to pick the correct web hosting support.
Locate a hosting firm who'll give very affordable web hosting. Windows it come defaulted With all the DotNetPanel, one of the best admin panels within the business today. A superb hosting firm should to have a consumer welcoming Web-site to generate your Website hosting knowledge as straightforward as you possibly can.
an online host is a corporation with servers which you utilize to shop and supply the documents that compose your web site. This web hosting site delivers several amazing capabilities to you at no demand. Shared Hosting is absolutely the most well-liked sort of web hosting, and is also perfect for most websites.
Website hosting Discount codes are a fantastic approach to examine a business out without having spending heaps of cash over a service program. Some web hosting corporations present limitless e-mails that is an extra edge. for anyone who is a small company, Internet hosting is a significant expense.
Basically, to understand what in fact a site is, it comprises all of your business data and in addition aids in advertising your merchandise and providers via World-wide-web. With regard to ecommerce, ordinarily, the traditional plans produced accessible by Site builders are quite restricted With regards to the number of goods you are able to include. to have an amazing knowledge you should function with the very best World wide web internet hosting business.
if you want to find a good internet hosting service provider, among the ideal resources to find out the appropriate type of Webhosting alternatives is the online market place by itself. such as if it detects a failed organization, the computer software package will automatically make an effort to restart that provider. it's standard for Website hosting vendors within just this day and age to present some sort of uptime guarantee, when you are jogging a company Web-site as well as uptime of this Web-site can be a precedence, choose a internet hosting company that provides an uptime assurance.
Permitting the consumer for getting a totally cost-free domain title, or maybe numerous names, could possibly be the tie breaking aspect when choosing the right World wide web hosting support in your case. The host also gives you the important program which you wish for with several administrative alternate options and suppleness. Therefore it is extremely hard to Find a this kind of host that provides a trustworthy guidance.
As an example, Despite the fact that other Net hosts offer confined disk House, Other individuals could provide limitless disk House. for anyone who is providing any completely absolutely free software package download in your site or if your internet site has additional photos, then it truly is preferable to choose the Internet hosting company that provides limitless disk Place. the website also delivers cost-free resources which have script installer which includes several assorted templates to consider each of the guess figure out of creating your very own website.
The assistance may not be the suited Option for people who'd enjoy to generate a complicated Web page by using their customized manufactured code as well as their quite very own selection of templates and extensions in the very get started. tons of the best Online internet hosting expert services now deliver a variety of distinctive functions that will generally make your head spin if you are not specified what to search for. to generate An impressive practical experience for consumers It is pretty crucial that you make a relationship between layout and solutions gratefully.
Folks desire to get Internet designers to accumulate their sites on the internet. normally, Internet hosts is likely to make it possible for yourself to sign up and buy a prepare, and must you see that what to procure is just not the correct option which is greatest for you, you can easily reap the benefits of the a refund assure to receive an entire refund from the costs you compensated. If anything heading Incorrect with your site then you will not be ready to proper it cost-free.
being familiar with which kind of web hosting strategies are available, In combination with their respective merits and restrictions, is imperative. you may decide on a host that should offer you value for dollars and at precisely the exact same time cause you to retain your really hard won shoppers. Other hosts inquire that you just commit to A 3-calendar year hosting arrangement in order to learn that low per-month price tag.
For anyone who is searching for affordable Hosting offers, It's not necessarily suggested to elect for a single with one of the most affordable regular monthly pace. as being a consequence, the ideal Web hosting company is to provide Reside chat support readily available in 24 hrs each day, 7 days each week. Their fully absolutely free system, which happens to be ad no cost, will allow internet hosting newcomers to examine the assistance and see whether or not they wish to take a position in additional characteristics more than the long term.
business enterprise Website hosting frequently has a increased cost dependant upon the dimensions and kind of the website. if you would like absolutely free hosting to obtain your internet site off the ground, it'll be a special situation than if you wish to discover some knowledge with website administration! in addition to reading explanation as a result of opinions from actual consumers, take a look at our professional belief segment for any substantial-degree overview of what you could foresee from a supplied host, our Hosting prepare summaries to ascertain whether the company provides That which you're attempting to find, and our FAQ pages to accumulate solutions to any past queries you could have.
The architecture is a physical manifestation of the embrace in both the vertical and horizontal planes. The extension reaches over and around the existing heritage designated Victorian mansion, which has been restored, while the new addition—a robust, textured exterior— surrounds the central courtyard. Beautifully landscaped and alive, the courtyard is visible from every corridor and in-patient room.
As one of the original mansions to be built along Jarvis Street, the retention of the existing 1875 building (known colloquially as the “Grey Lady”) maintains the original character of the street, while the addition introduces a dignified juxtaposition of the old and new.
The façade, consisting of a palette of various brick, heavily tinted mirrored glass, and crust-faced limestone, is highly particularized and rich, and becomes the architectural manifestation of the quilt. A garden in front, for delight and contemplation, is surrounded with a beech hedge for intimacy and privacy.
This week we have had quite a range of new roles from Medical Director jobs to Data Managers. Take a look at our latest pharmaceutical jobs here:
Copyright © 2018 CK Group CK Group - registered company in England & Wales No: 2611749 Registered office address: Brunswick House, 4 The Bridge Business Centre, Beresford Way, Chesterfield, S41 9FG
Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from this blog’s author and/or owner is strictly prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Claire V. Bogdanos and Clairebogdanos.net with appropriate and specific direction to the original content.
Massive Natural Balls Nudist I can fuck your dad too Twin Sisters 'Anal.. We took the pedal boat for a tour around the lake and they have paddle boards, and kayaks, as well as pickle ball and petanque. Please read this page for more informations. Blonde Naturist Masturbating 2: We have been to Paradise Lakes and Caliente and this is by far our favorite place. Public sex on beach 1:
Jpeg Nudist Beaches In Iowa Flickr Teen Nudist Ukraine The day is too young for sex. Public nudist voyeur gets a really hot nudist video. Leadership skills including influence, staff development, planning, measuring, reporting and team-building.
Penny. Age: 22. My home city Milan but I can join you internationally and I can be your passionate and sweet "Girlfriend"or your sensual privat travel companion
Mp4 Youth Tribal Nudism Flights Vacation Rentals Restaurants Things to do. You mentioned improvements, and there are more coming! Forum Parade Kitties Private theme pics and video of nude beautiful teen. Young first time nudist. Private Young Forum Taboo theme forum. And very glad that it was another wonderful experience.
You ride that cock so well Carol. I'd love to be feeding you my cock while you fuck the other! xxxo, Peter
Breast Cancer Network Australia (BCNA) has information and personal stories about men with breast cancer. Visit bcna.org.au
E-Mail: Diese E-Mail-Adresse ist vor Spambots geschützt! Zur Anzeige muss JavaScript eingeschaltet sein!
An imam is a luminous moon, a bright lamp, shining light and a guiding star in the dark nights, in the deserts and in the high seas. An imam is like pure water to the thirsty. He is the light leading to guidance and he is the saver, who saves from perishment. An imam is like a fire on a hill. It is warm to those, who want to warm themselves and it is a sign of guidance to the lost. Who turns away from it will perish. An imam is like raining clouds, like the shining sun, like the shady sky, like plain ground, like a flowing fountain, like a brook and a garden.
Who is Thomas Homan? Meet the acting ICE director vowing to crack down on sanctuary cities and build a wall | GumBumper
Who is Thomas Homan? Meet the acting ICE director vowing to crack down on sanctuary cities and build a wall
From campaigning for a new border wall to cracking down on sanctuary cities, Acting Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) Thomas Homan says he’ll “never back down” from safeguarding the border and advancing President Donald Trump’s agenda.
“If you violate the laws of this country, if you enter illegally, which is a crime, it’s not going to be OK anymore,” Horman declared during a speech at the Border Security Expo in San Antonio in early February, adding that he “100 percent support[s] the wall.”
“Under this president, who’s now letting us do our job and taking the handcuffs off the men and women of the Border Patrol and ICE, arrests are up,” Homan said in an interview on “America’s Newsroom” in December 2017.
“45 year low on illegal border crossings this year,” the president wrote. “Ice and Border Patrol Agents are doing a great job for our Country. MS-13 thugs being hit hard.”
ICE removed 226,000 people from the U.S. in the 2017 fiscal year – down 6 percent from 2016. During the same time period, the agency arrested more than 110,000 people, a 42 percent increase over the previous year.
Homan was appointed ICE director, replacing Daniel Ragsdale, in January 2017. He previously served as ICE’s executive associate director of enforcement and removal operations (ERO).
A 33-year law enforcement veteran, Homan served as an NYPD officer and Border Patrol agent before holding several positions within ICE, which was established in 2003.
“ICE was created based on the recognition that global threats have become more dangerous, and a new approach was needed to ensure the security of the U.S. homeland and the American people,” the agency explains on its website.
Homan was named assistant agent in charge in Dallas after ICE was created. Nearly a decade later, in March 2009, he transitioned to the role of assistant director for enforcement of ERO before being promoted to deputy executive associate director, according to a statement released by the Department of Homeland Security.
In 2015, Homan was given the Presidential Rank Award, which recognizes individuals for “exceptional performance over an extended period of time.”
“Thomas Homan deports people. And he’s really good at it,” The Washington Post said in an April 2016 profile.
ICE began launching “targeted immigration enforcement operations” in major cities, including San Francisco and Los Angeles, after California became a sanctuary state on Jan. 1.
“By passing this bill, California politicians have chosen to prioritize politics over public safety,” Homan wrote in a statement, adding that this “deliberately obstructs our country’s immigration laws and shelters serious criminal alien offenders.”
ICE agents arrested more than 150 individuals in violation of federal immigration law in the Oakland and Fresno areas during a three-day sweep at the end of February.
Roughly half of those arrested by deportation officers have convictions for assault and battery, crimes against children, weapons charges and DUIs, according to the agency.
Homan believes the raids would have been more successful if Libby Schaaf, the Democratic mayor of Oakland, hadn’t warned constituents on Twitter. He estimates about 800 criminal aliens were able to elude capture, and federal immigration agents were put in danger because of Schaaf’s alert.
“What she did is no better than a gang lookout yelling ‘police’ when a police cruiser comes in the neighborhood, except she did it to a whole community. This is beyond the pale,” Homan told “Fox & Friends” on Feb. 28.
Schaaf says she doesn’t “regret sharing this information,” adding that no laws were broken by doing so.
Homan has repeatedly said he’s “100 percent” behind Trump’s proposal to build a border wall along the country’s southernmost border.
“The border wall is a good tool,” Homan said in an interview on “America’s Newsroom” in October. “We have proven it worked. Why would we not want to do it?”
In 2017, illegal immigrants from 140 different countries were deported from the U.S., according to Homan, and he believes a border wall would help protect the country.
“Every place they built a barrier, the illegal crossings decreased significantly,” Homan told FOX Business’ Maria Bartiromo in January.
In February, Homan signed a policy that sends deportation agents to federal, state and local courthouses to make arrests.
A two-page directive states that ICE agents will enter courthouses only for specific targets, such as convicted criminals, gang members, public safety threats and immigrants who have been previously deported or ordered to leave.
Family, friends and witnesses won’t be picked up for deportation, unless there are “special circumstances,” according to the agency.
Immigration agents were told to avoid making arrests in non-criminal areas of the court, like family court and small claims, unless it’s approved by a supervisor.
ICE reaffirmed its 2014 policy is in place to avoid deportation arrests at “sensitive locations,” including schools, day cares, hospitals, places of worship, funerals, weddings and public demonstrations. Courthouses have never been part of that list.
“We’re not going to do it in the courtroom, but to me it’s safer,” Homan said in an interview in November. “It makes sense to arrest a criminal in a criminal courthouse.”
Watch Pussy Spanking Punishment porn videos for free, here on gundelsheimer-carnevalverein.de Sort movies by Most Relevant and catch the best Pussy Spanking Punishment. Pussy Punishment - Elite Spanking. Subscribe to My Videos He had her place her legs up, exposing her pink pussy o his black paddle. Find the newest Pussy Spanking videos and hottest Pussy Spanking chicks on Redtube right now. Totally free Pussy Spanking videos for you.
ELDERS REACT TO P*SSY SLAP Really nice, a good Sub and an attentive Dom. We offer streaming porn videos, downloadable DVDs, photo albums, and the number 1 free sex community on the net. One evil punishment iteration is to get her clit all excited with a vibrator. Let moist pussy ride you 5 min hits. To watch the video you need to enable Javascript in your browser. To view the video, this page requires javascript to be enabled. Tanned hottie bound and …. But this is a little too soft for me. Top Models Webcam Models Wanted. And yes, as others have said here: By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies. That kind of punishment should be reserved for only the most inexcusable misbehavior. Slutty woman got ass bru….
Pussy spanking videos Skinny babe gagged and s…. Dragons crown hentai did this to make sure she would associate pain with sexual desire. Top Models Webcam Pussy spanking videos Wanted. Slave babe in bondage gets spanked and toyed 6 minhits. Brutally slapping and may farangdingdongs naughty pussy, and fucking with bottle 9, views. I love these kind of pussy spanking videos. Regina punished by spanking machine 65, views. Hard whipping of bound b…. Extreme Pussy Spanking for my wife 10 minhits.
To watch the video you need to enable Javascript in your browser. Tanned hottie bound and …. Related Videos Related Galleries. Brunette with big ass go…. This Link May be Unsafe. Masturbation and self naruto xxx. Spanking Pussy cheating housewife Tessa 6, views. Submissive Pussy beating 8 minhits. Militarty candela porn got pus…. Whipping pussy of my slut slave. Pussy and ass got harsh …. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies. Brutal Spanking Unruly Pupils at. Leave a feedback about new player. Select video quality Download video in p quality 21 Mb. Cute tight ass blonde learns how to be a good slave-6 8 min 7, hits. Extreme Pussy Spanking for my wife. Reply in reply to maturesexywilf Show the comment.
This collection contains a letter written to W. S. Taylor from Dr. A. Clark of New York on 30 September 1860 regarding Taylor's wife recovery from an ailment. Within this letter, Clark recommends locations in Georgia that would best facilitate Mrs. Taylor's recovery as well as a prescription for Mrs. Taylor.
This collection is processed at the Basic Level (or collection level). There is no detailed inventory for this collection as it is not fully processed. To request that this collection be added to our priority list of collections to be fully processed as staffing and funding allow, please contact the Library and Archives staff.
Encoding funded by a 2008 Archives-Basic Projects grant from the National Historical Publications and Records Commission.
Welcome home to Paradise! Come and see this updated spacious home located in the active 55+ community that is fully furnished and ready for your enjoyment. UPDATES INCLUDE: Insulated vinyl siding for added energy efficiency, 2011 Trane A/C, 2011 subflooring and laminate flooring in living area, plus roof was resealed. Affordable living and golf cart friendly environment with activities to keep you entertained all year long or as a seasonal getaway. You will have the convenience of taking a short drive in your golf cart or vehicle to nearby shopping centers, Restaurants and more... Easy access to the interstate and to all of Florida’s most notorious beaches. The community is resident-owned. There is a $45,000 share value included in the sale price. Monthly fees are a low $213. This covers your maintenance, $132, and water/trash/sewer, $81. Make this home yours TODAY!!!
Visit such a wonderfull place as NONUDEVILLE ! Its a place where child models lives ! Youngest PRETEEN Angels show their hot photos for you !! 13 19
Free Pics - Free Video - Attractive bodies and faces of these cute young princesses worth the highest grades ! 10 16
BestNN is presenting you shared photo, video of new nonude models, innocent beautiful faces FREE links 2 14
Preteen Model Portal. Real sweet and absolutely charming girls. They are small, but their charms are irresistible! 1 14
Nonude model stars in hight quality photo and video there Young models in panties and lingerie. 0 14
Here's a festive picture. Check out what the following amazing group of writers came up with, for it. Each has 100 words, no more, no less, to come up with their version.These wonderful authors do it so well. Please click on their names and show them some love by reading and commenting.
Check out what the following amazing group of writers came up with, for this picture. Each has 100 words, no more, no less, to come up with their version.These wonderful authors do it so well. Please click on their names and show them some love by reading and commenting.
C151000 Tanning and dressing of leather; manufacture of luggage, handbags, saddlery and harness; dressing and dyeing of fur
C160000 Manufacture of wood and of products of wood and cork, except furniture; manufacture of articles of straw and plaiting materials
C162900 Manufacture of other products of wood; manufacture of articles of cork, straw and plaiting materials
C201000 Manufacture of basic chemicals, fertilisers and nitrogen compounds, plastics and synthetic rubber in primary forms
C204000 Manufacture of soap and detergents, cleaning and polishing preparations, perfumes and toilet preparations
C265000 Manufacture of instruments and appliances for measuring, testing and navigation; watches and clocks
C292000 Manufacture of bodies (coachwork) for motor vehicles; manufacture of trailers and semi-trailers
This month we have all art supplies re-stocked, so anyone waiting on Modelling Wax, Block Crayons, Watercolour Paints or any of our other favourite items from Stockmar, Lyra and Mercurius, now is the time to order!
As always, we have a number of new items to celebrate the change of season. The Winter Dolls have been a popular release, with most stock sold in May.
Silk playcloths are always one of our top sellers - useful for so many applications. The Winter cloth is hand-dyed in beautiful tones of blue. Also suitable for your seasonal table are the new white muslin playcloths, or one of our hand-dyed muslin or cotton cloths.
Susan Whitehead's Silver Stork book is one of a set of four beautiful books (sold seperately). This handmade-style colourful children's picture book includes Winter stories, songs and many suggested activites, with a practical and creative emphasis on puppetry.
Sarah Laidlaw's stunning Winter cards have been released for individual sale through Spiral Garden. Just perfect for a Solstice message on the 22nd June, or for a Winter birthday or other greeting.
We have also expanded our seed range to include Vegetable Seeds. The first varieties on offer are suitable for winter planting - two type of peas and some dwarf broad beans. Tried and tested in our own organic home garden, these seeds are highly recommended - open pollinated, easy to grow and hardy.
And finally, the Winter article has been uploaded, completing the series of four seasonal articles for our first year. These are included on the site to inspire and direct you with bringing a sense of meaning to the year and its natural cycles and rhythms.
If there's ever a product you'd like further information on, or something you're trying to track down that I might be able to supply, please don't hesitate to contact me.
It was yesterday morning, my friend called me because a bear family was hanging out on the tree in front of her house!
When I arrived at her house, 2 cubs were still high up in the tree. One cub was dark black, and another cub was dark brown. The big mom, also dark brown, was waiting for them down under the tree. The cubs slowly came down, and landed on the neighbor’s porch. They seemed to be confused on the fence. The mom was walking around. Her body language was telling the cubs, “Come on kids, let’s go.” The cubs seemed to be stuck on the fence. They were nervous to jump down.
I wish I could have observed a little longer, but the neighbor insisted me to leave… Anyway, it was exciting to see my first Tahoe bear! There are large numbers of black bears living in the Lake Tahoe area. Many of them do live around the residential areas. I heard about so many bear sightings in the backyards since I moved here. Sadly, not all people here don’t manage their waste for bear proofing containers, so bears here habituated with trash. Many people have seen bears the neighborhood on the night before the garbage collecting days. Bear management (=waste management) is a common topic on the local newspaper in here.
All images on this blog are copyrighted by Sunny K. Awazuhara-Reed, and registered with the U.S Copyright Office. Usage of these images in publications, Internet pages, or any other use must only be with written permission from Sunny K. Awazuhara-Reed. Unauthorized downloads and use of any image infringes copyright laws. If you would like to request licensing images from this blog, please contact to Sunny K. Awazuhara-Reed. (sunny@spiritofnaturephoto.com) We will quote the usage fee. Thanks!
Available immediately, all canvas prints ordered with floating frames will be shipped with our new floating frames. These frames signify a more durable, attractive and eco-friendly finishing option to your canvas prints. Our new floating frames will be available for the same price as our previous designs, for a limited time. More information (and pictures!) […]
Archives Select Month May 2018 (1) January 2018 (1) December 2015 (1) November 2015 (2) June 2015 (3) March 2015 (1) February 2015 (1) November 2014 (2) September 2014 (2) August 2014 (1) June 2014 (1) April 2014 (2) March 2014 (3) February 2014 (1) January 2014 (5) December 2013 (1) October 2013 (5) September 2013 (2) August 2013 (2) July 2013 (2) June 2013 (4) May 2013 (3) April 2013 (4) March 2013 (2) February 2013 (7) January 2013 (2) September 2012 (3) July 2012 (1) June 2012 (4) May 2012 (2) April 2012 (1) January 2012 (1) December 2011 (1) November 2011 (2) October 2011 (1) June 2011 (2) November 2010 (1) September 2010 (1) August 2010 (1) June 2010 (1) May 2010 (2) March 2010 (2)
If you are looking for realistic metal texture designs to fit in your next project, this post is for you. Each of the cool textures in this list has been provided with an image and a link to the source page for more information. I hope that you will find something you like!
Metallic textures are often used in web and graphic design to achieve a sleek and classy look. Also a lot of stylish and creative web designs have been made attractive by adding textures to the design. You can find free metallic textures in all kinds of different patterns and colors. Some of them appear shiny, rusty or grungy while others appear glittery like gold and silver. The design may be riveted, corrugated, or even in the form of a mesh. Actually there’s so many possibilities when we are looking for a metal texture.
Please leave your comments below to let us know about your opinions and suggestions on this post. If you find it useful, please share this article with your friends.
I've been reading Eyal Weizman's excellent book Hollow Land recently, recommended to me by a colleague. It is a quite striking analysis of what Weizman calls "Israel's Architecture of Occupation," a fluid set of territorial and architectural strategies that effectively constitute a working, material, politics. Architecture as one of the many speeds and faces of …
For my next entry in my series of GetOutside interviews, I’d like to introduce Lisa to you. Lisa Wells lives on Snowdonia’s doorstep, and loves to adventure with Olive and The Beast… you’ll have to read on to find out … Continued
This week my GetOutside Interview series travels down to one of my favourite places in the world – Dartmoor in Devon – where I remember many happy childhood walks and explorations. It must be the place I learnt to read … Continued
My GetOutside Interviews feature continues this week with Matthew Kettlewell, who spends half his year leading expeditions, and the other half selling jam… yes, you read that right. I love that the GetOutside brings together people with absolutely all kinds … Continued
Have you spent One Hour Outside today? Where? How? Did you enjoy it? Tell me! Use #OneHourOutside on twitter and let’s chat about our favourite ways to be outdoors… For this week’s GetOutside Interview, I want to introduce you to … Continued
The best thing about the great outdoors is that it is there for everyone. And I mean everyone. It doesn’t matter what your age or ability, spending time outside is good for us all! This week in my GetOutside Interviews … Continued
If you follow adventure and adventurers then you will have already heard of this week’s GetOutside Interviews subject. Belinda Kirk is well known as a go-to person when it comes to making expeditions happen – she’s managed trips for some … Continued
Some weeks it’s very easy to spend time outdoors every day. Other weeks, not so much. The key for me is making the most of the time I do have, and doing my best not wasting time thinking “oh if … Continued
How is your One Hour Outside every day challenge going this summer? Are you managing to get an hour in the great outdoors every single day? This last couple of weeks work has been super busy and so my hour … Continued
I want to inspire you to make the most of your time by encouraging you to try new things and have a good time on your journey through life.
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services, to personalise ads and to analyse traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies. More info
I know that smth is wrong with Sam... I know that he has changed... I know that he may be evil.... but how can Dean and Cas do this to him.... I don't even know if I want to see the whole episode...
Users Epson printers increasingly bold creativity endless, so many new works created by using various existing printer, so that the business will be more smooth, more cost-effective because it is very cheap printing costs. by using this type of epson printer This printer can print l1300 text up to 6000 sheets (black / 2 bottles).
This printer is suitable for professionals, good graphic design, or architect, or the office of notary / lawyer, to comic strip desainermdan every individual who requires printing a large size but want cheap printing costs.
But to clear the operating system and download the appropriate files can you see and select download linked granted.
Once the driver is downloaded, Attach the USB printer to the USB laptop / computer and the printer is turned on.
After that just open the driver file that you have downloaded, wait until the installation process is complete.
Installing the printer driver on Mac OS X needs to be done, if nptebook or your PC is not directly recognize the device you have connected printers.
A completely home workplaces. With a vast 500-sheet paper tape and 50-sheet programmed report feeder, the Canon MAXIFY MB2740 produces extraordinary prints with profound, thick blacks, clear hues and fresh content utilizing its marker-and rubbing safe DRHD inks. This quality doesn’t come to the detriment of velocity: print A4 at a ultra-quick 24 ipm in mono and 15.5 ipm in shading, while first page out time (FPOT) is only 6 seconds.
From low vitality utilization of only 0.2 kWh (TEC) to the independently replaceable shading cartridges, economy is a need. Dark cartridges 900 pages. The discretionary 4-shading multipack contains a full arrangement of swap inks for far and away superior worth.
Twofold sided printing and even two-sided ID card duplicating easily takes care of regular office print employments. Printing, duplicating, checking or faxing is only a couple taps away, with a profoundly interface.
And the Canon PRINT application give snappy and basic printing and examining from cell phones. You can print from the cloud and sweep and spare records to cloud administrations. Bolstered administrations incorporate Google Drive, Dropbox, Evernote, OneNote, OneDrive and Concur. Worked in Access Point mode implies that keen gadget clients can associate with the printer without a Wi-Fi system.
IP address separating empowers confined access alternatives, offering authorization to just a select number of clients, while SMTP email support permits secure sweep to-email. A scope of further alternatives permit framework overseers to rapidly and effortlessly arrange the printer.
Sightings of sharks and large rays are always a great news in Dahab, since they are mostly rare in the area. These sightings where made on the 20/06/2013 at Lighthouse for the Leopard Shark (27 m depth, 2 m long) by Laura and Lara; on the 21/06/2013 at Ras abu Galum for the Manta (4.5 m, no pictures) and seen by Frank, Mascha, Frank and Bernadette (lucky divers). We hope there will be plenty more sharks this summer, since the sightings usually increase massively during the warm water season. Sharks/Rays that have been seen in Dahab include the Whale shark, the Hammerhead, the Oceanic White Tip, the Eagle Ray and the Manta Ray.
The zebra shark (Stegostoma fasciatum or varium) is a species of carpet shark and the sole member of the family Stegostomatidae. It is found throughout the tropical Indo-Pacific, frequenting coral reefs and sandy flats to a depth of 62 m. Zebra sharks are also known as leopard sharks in Southeast Asia. Maximum size is about 3.5 m. Zebra sharks are nocturnal and spend most of the day resting motionless on the sea floor. At night, they actively hunt for mollusks, crustaceans, small bony fishes, and possibly sea snakes inside holes and crevices in the reef. Though solitary for most of the year, they form large seasonal aggregations. The zebra shark, like most species of shark, is threatened and, like most species, the shark itself is harmless. This species is regularly taken in inshore fisheries and a decline is likely if not in progress. Utilized fresh and dried-salted for human consumption and also for fishmeal; livers processed for vitamins; fins cut off and sold for the asian sharkfin trade.
Manta Rays are large eagle rays belonging to the genus Manta. The larger species, M. birostris, reaches 7 m. Mantas can be found in temperate, subtropical and tropical waters. Both species are pelagic; M. birostris migrates across open oceans, singly or in groups, while M. alfredi tends to be resident and coastal. They are filter feeders and eat large quantities of zooplankton, which they swallow with their open mouths as they swim. Gestation lasts over a year, producing live pups. Both species are listed as Vulnerable by the IUCN. Human threats include pollution, entanglement in fishing nets, and direct harvesting for their gill rakers for use in Chinese medicine. Their slow reproductive rate exacerbates these threats. Areas where mantas congregate are popular with tourists.
We're happy to publish the images showing your diving adventures with us! Just send them to info@h2odiversdahab.com.
We're happy to publish stories about your holidays with us! Just send us your photos and text to info@h2odiversdahab.com. Cheers!
— West End Patients to benefit from specialized Sports and Exercise Health Practice — [September 11, 2013], TORONTO: Cleveland Clinic Canada and Mississauga-based High Point Wellness Centre (HPWC) have announced ...
High Point Wellness Centre is pleased to introduce Chiropractor Dr. Bryon Weinberg, BA, CSCS, DC, Acu, ART™ Starting Monday September 9th, Dr. Weinberg will be providing services in: Chiropractic ART™ ...
Hosentaschenadventskalender 2014 can be very useful guide, and Hosentaschenadventskalender 2014 play an important role in your products. The problem is that once you have gotten your nifty new product, the gets a brief glance, maybe a once over, but it often tends to get discarded or lost with the original packaging.
© H2ACDC.COM. May not be reproduced without written permission of Highwaytoacdc.com, contact@highwaytoacdc.com
Water heaters are already part of our daily lives. During winter, they prove their worth and become more than just an appliance. For us, they become blessings that could provide the warmth and comfort we crave in our endless battle with the cold weather. Having a water heater system at home is sometimes considered a luxury by some people but the investment is certainly worth it. Since it is already expensive to purchase and install a water heater, families should also put extra effort in maintaining its systems.
Most water heaters can live long depending on the maintenance it goes through. It is highly recommended to pay attention to your Katy water heater in order to avoid accidents that could put your families at risk. For new families who do not have any inkling on how these technologies work, it is best to get a trusted plumbing company and avail of their services such as Katy residential plumbing. Do note that these companies are experts in the field of home improvement so take their advice to heart. If you are planning to avail their services, you can also get water heaters from them in the first place.
Getting a good water heater such as a Katy water heater will probably be a wise move for the family. Having assurance that your Katy water heater is of high quality will keep you from panicking every hour of the day. Also, the Katy water heater is built to last as long as you maintain its condition. You can also ask for practical maintenance tips from plumbers in Katy to maximize the use of your Katy water heater.
For maintenance, never scrimp on repair services. If you happen to discover that your Katy water heater is faulty, immediately call trusted plumbers such as Katy plumbers to solve the problems in your house. Never try to be a hero except if you are a certified plumber yourself. Remember that you are dealing with mechanics here, not to mention the hot scalding water that can potentially harm you. Also, you are possibly doing more damage to your Katy water heater than fixing it. Never risk the repair unless you are 100% confident that you can manage it.
One of the practical tips that you can apply at home is to routinely check the pressure-relief valve of a Katy water heater during various degrees of temperature. A monthly checkup should be done in order to avoid a potential explosion caused by pressure build-up. Never leave anything by chance. Flushing the Katy water heater tank twice a year, is also recommended to remove the sediments. Sediments will turn into blockages that would affect your water heater’s efficiency.
Maintaining your Katy water heaters is essential in providing a good home for the family. These technologies can be quite fragile if used daily so it is better to be cautious always. Also, you would save a great deal of money if you have taken the practical steps in ensuring that your Katy water heater is in top shape.
A suspenseful, atmospheric horror set in the Himalayas in the 1930s. The story follows Doctor Stephen Pearce, a last minute replacement on an expedition to climb Kangchenjunga, back then believed to be the highest peak in the world.
A malaise seems to follow Stephen, in the beginning seemingly only due to the bad weather, his love/hate relationship with his brother Kits, and troubles he left behind in London. But … (Read more)
Whereas Valour and Vanity was a historical heist novel, Of Noble Family could be seen as a psychological thriller. What should have been a simple engagement or even a relaxing vacation turns soon into horror, and Jane and Vincent have to bear the effects of … (Read more)
Meet internet radio offering the full potential of the sound transmission through Spotify, DAB, DAB+ digital radio and FM. Listen to thousands of internet radio stations, use the DLNA home server, send music from mobile devices via Bluetooth… And all this in excellent sound quality provided by the stereo speakers with bass reflex technology! Interesting Read more about True Multi Audio Player[…]
We invite you to visit our stand at the Sicurezza fair in Italy. The trade fair will take place from 15 to 17 November 2017. Ferguson will present solutions in the field of intelligent home systems and product innovations. More information about the fair on the site www.sicurezza.it.
Féricar Inc. is a company specialising in the design and manufacturing of custom-built trailers and semi-trailers for different sectors of industry since 1985. The company offers a broad spectrum of services ranging from the design, all the way to the finished product and offers complete support all the way through. It offers transport companies complete technical support from beginning to end and also training when needed.
FÉRICAR INC. is always tuned into the latest trends, in materials, parts, and manufacturing techniques, adhering to all the latest revisions of the law, and Department of Transport codes.
Added to this is the constant drive for innovation and ingenuity in meeting new requirements and adapting them to the transport industry.
Viewing thread Survivor Junkie Season 2 cancelled, replaced by Music Idol 2 Nov 12, 2018 at 12:53 PM
By continuing your visit to this site, you accept the use of cookies. Read more I Accept Cookie Usage Reject
Once inside, the experience is about engagement of the old and new, and the organization—the embrace—around the courtyard, which is the ever-present symbol of life-affirming green, water, and light (trees, fountain, and sunlight). Emphasizing the relationship between the old and new, the heritage building’s brick remains exposed in the Living Room. This central gathering space, featuring a two-storey atrium, is anchored by a full-height fireplace crafted from Algonquin Limestone. A bridge connects the heritage and new spaces on the second floor with long views stretching from end to end.
The courtyard allows direct sunlight into the core of the building on all floors. Given the private nature of the facility, it provides protected outdoor space for users, as well as transparency and clear sightlines across the project.
Baby Hazel Snow White Story - Rating: 75.61% with 43 votes Game Description: Baby Hazel Snow White Story is a free Baby game for kids to play online at GaheGames.com. You can play Baby Hazel Snow White Story in your browser for free. Today is a magical day! Baby Hazel explores an amazing world of Snow White. There are many unexpected things waiting for her. The wicked queen, a magic mirror, the poisoned apple and so on. What are you waiting for? Let's explore the magical world! Control: Use mouse to interact with Baby Hazel.	More >>
Darcey Blue French is an herbalist & nutritionist, wildcrafter, gardener, food lover, Earth lover and wild woman. She was trained as a Clinical Herbalist & Nutritionist at the North American Institute of Medical Herbalism under Paul Bergner, and studied under Rosemary Gladstar and Charlie Kane. Darcey has been using and learning from the plants, both wild and cultivated since childhood, and it is her deep love of the wild Earth and its creatures that fuels her passion for healing and teaching about plants, wilderness, spirit, nourishment and healing. She spends her time leading Edible and Medicinal Wild Plant walks, Plant Spirit Medicine groups, teaching herbal and nutritional classes and intensives both in person and online, creating nourishing and delicious meals, wildcrafting and making medicines from the plants, seeing clients and enjoying the wild places on the earth.
Darcey practices in the the Vitalist tradition of herbalism, which fosters the interconnection and nourishment of body, mind, and spirit. Through the use of nutrition, herbal formulas, flower essences, and connection with nature, she aims to support the vitality of all aspects of the human being.
Darcey is passionate about food that nourishes the body and spirit, and tastes wonderful too. She works closely with plants, both wild and cultivated that provide food and medicine. She is an avid forager of wild foods and , gardener of organic vegetables, and is passionate about local and sustainable food systems, and how our relationship with the land, nature and wilderness impacts our physical and spiritual health and wellbeing. She truly believes that one cannot separate the health of the people from the health of the ecosystem in which they live, nor the well-being of the body from that of the mind & spirit.
She is the co-owner of Brighid's Well Herbs, located in Avon, Maine E-mail today for consultations, herbal offerings, workshops and more!
An imam is like a close companion, a kind father, a good brother and a merciful mother to her child. He is a safe resort to people during disasters. An imam is the trustee of Allah among His people, His authority over them, His caliph on His earth, the advocate of His mission and the defender of His sanctuaries. An imam is purified from sins, free from defects, inspired with knowledge and endowed with discernment. He is the order of religion, the dignity of the Muslims, the rage of the hypocrites and the ruin of the unbelievers.
(must have been budget cuts in the township this year, because the trimming guy has only made his rounds once this summer...Maybe there was too much snow plowing overtime last winter?﻿) ﻿﻿﻿
﻿Even my birds know that change is coming. During evening walks, not one red-winged black bird rises from boggy sedge to warn of danger. I know longer wake to early robin racket. (When did they all leave?) Goldfinches feast on thistle heads waving from spots my diligent farmer-neighbors missed in their midsummer thistle eradication efforts. One morning last week, I awoke to the plaintive call of wild geese, honking their way down the valley, and the message was unmistakable. Autumn is in the air.
And the crickets. I've written of them before, these incessant chirpers who for a few weeks give me a kind of reprieve from the unstoppable ringing in my ears...because they are so noisy, so steadily, relentlessly present that I can't quite tell where the ringing stops and the chirping begins. Which is a relief. Sort of. I don't know how many of their 900 species are native to my valley, but their never ending sound...should one call it a song?- echoes from roadside weeds and hills and even, I'm almost certain, trees.
This week I was startled to meet, in my own garden, an out-of-sync 17 year locust, correctly known as the periodical cicada. He must march to his own drummer, for most of his group emerged in hordes in 2008 and we'll won't see them again until 2025. I've seen recent evidence of two such visitors here on Hickory Lane, papery dry shells of their nymph stage clinging to the great maple. I hope they find each other, for I think their whole purpose is to reproduce in the 4-6 week window of their brief life. They'd best get at it; autumn is in the air.
﻿﻿﻿My favorite woodland meadow is neck high in promised glory, thousands of leggy goldenrod stalks, growing tall and taller, a field of adolescents poised on the verge of adulthood. Morning mist visits more frequently and hangs in the valley until mid-morning. The afternoons are still warm, but the sun seems half-hearted these days, and when evening slips around, the grass is suddenly wet; I know the fog will be up before me when the new day begins. I cannot deny it; autumn is in the air.﻿
﻿And for a change, I think I might be ready for it. I know, I'm the one who has always said that summer is too short and could we please put February between August and September because it would be more useful there. (And less slushy, without wintry mix.) I'm just looking at things differently these days.
I think it helped that we took our vacation earlier than usual this year. In previous home school years, we always prolonged the summer by vacationing after Labor Day, clinging to those last summer days in sand and sun, then returning home to discover, abruptly, that autumn had arrived.
But this year we're more tied to a traditional school calendar since Youngest Mystery is a part-time student in a traditional school. (Yes, change is in the air!) So, we found a few days in August, before soccer pre-season, to revel in the joys of seaside summer (books for the grownups, swim boards and bikes for the kids, mini-golf for everyone!) and returned to find that summer hadn't quite disappeared while we were away. Thus, I've been much more able to see the gradual shift from from summer to autumn, and I think I'm moving more realistically and naturally into the coming season.
And in the process, ﻿two themes that have run parallel through my life in recent years seem to be converging in my soul:
It's a daily/hourly decision, sometimes moment by moment, and I want to live this way, wholeheartedly present, and very very grateful.
Talking about it here helps me, holds me accountable and puts my resolve in black and white...or in this case, purple and white. ﻿
-friendship deepening as stock pot fills with salsa veggies. Chopping together is always, always better than chopping alone.﻿
Today was a day of tomatoes and cucumbers with a side of onions. I would almost always prefer being out of doors to being "cooped up" indoors even with such radiant company as that 3/4 bushel of near perfect tomatoes.
﻿Maybe it's the overwhelmingness of the quantities I've dealt with through the years. Tomatoes by the bucketful. Ditto the beans. Apples and peaches by the bushel. And right now, I don't really want to talk about cucumbers.
Maybe it's the way it all seems to pile on in August, year after year - tomatoes, peaches, tomatoes, corn, tomatoes, green beans, tomatoes, and this year, cucumbers by the (five gallon) bucketful. Oh, and tomatoes.
Funny that it's taken my 30+ years to sort this out, to realize that if I'm going to keep on canning and freezing the abundant results that follow the planning/planting/weeding/harvesting that I love, I'm going to have to find some ways to embrace these moments too; I'd like to do more than "gut it out" and survive, I'd like to find great joy in small blessings.
So I've been experimenting with some ways to enjoy being where my feet are in August...by taking those feet outdoors a little more! While the recipe calls for nine cups of chopped onions, it doesn't say that I have to stand indoors at a windowless basement sink to prepare those onions. So, I stood by the garden cart, warm sunshine on my back, birdsong overhead, and prepared those myriad onions for chopping. (And the side benefit? No tears streaming down my face from the wild burn of onion vapor. Apparently the wide open space gave those little droplets plenty of room to disperse!)﻿
﻿Later, I returned to the garden to gather basil and oregano for the pizza sauce, and I savored the moment. The African basil plant has been in full bloom for awhile. Some days I feel badly, like I should have "done something" with that basil, not let it shoot to flowers. But today the bees reminded me that there are many ways to "do something" with a plant. The cloud of bees -honey bees, sweat bees, bumblebees and various other unidentified species- seemed not to mind my presence, and I was thrilled to have hummin' company! Sitting quietly, snipping basil leaves, surrounded by bee hum, I gave thanks.
﻿Recently I read this quote from Samuel Longfellow, the younger brother of that other Longfellow. (Talk about a hard act to follow...)﻿
In February, my mother had slipped quietly away in the wee hours of darkness to the land where there is no night. It had been a long goodbye, nearly two years since her initial diagnosis of liver cancer. Still, there was really no way to prepare for the hard reality of her gone-ness. Gone somewhere amazing, true, but still, gone. It was all so final and unbelievable. And one of the hardest pieces of that day was knowing I would have to tell my dad.
He took the news quietly...the way he took all of life in those days when he was drifting further from the shore than he had ever been before. He knew she was gone..."I can't believe it's all over," he quietly murmured as we took him upstairs to see the empty room. He paused to read the words on the memorial quilt draped near the doorway. "In memory of..." and then her name. He stood there, looking like the old man he had become, my daddy who always fixed whatever needed fixin.' He couldn't fix this for me, and I couldn't fix it for him either.﻿
I think those days of saying good bye, facing long lines of people he sensed he should know but didn't recognize, shivering in the chill, raw wind at the cemetery...those were the days my dad slipped his last line from the dock and moved beyond drifting to sailing away. He knew his work was finally finished, his "taking care of mom" job was ended, and his purpose for staying tethered to this world melted away with the last bits of winter snow...By August he too was gone.﻿
It was a year ago today that the phone call came. I had seen him the evening before, held his still warm hand, but he hadn't seen me, and by morning, he had sailed into a bright harbor on the other side.
Some days I still can't believe I don't have either of them. I want the ringing phone to be Mom, checking up on me, knowing that in the background, Dad is asking, "Is that Belleville?" I want to pick up the phone and call her so I can whine awhile. Or tell her the latest grandson milestone. I'd like to show Dad the pictures I'm finding, and tell him about the great-grandson that might have inherited the fishing gene. But I can't. The world, my little nuclear family world, shifted on its axis last year, and I'm still learning the lessons grief wants to teach me, a list I started earlier, which you can catch up on here and here. I think we're ready (sort of) for number four.
I wasn't sure to whom I was writing this post when I first began. Was it to the bereaved, those of us limping along without the people we thought would live forever, or was it for the rest of you trying to figure us out? I decided the answer is yes, for each one of us is going to have a turn...we're the lost ones, wandering in a fog of grief, or we're watching someone else and hoping they don't lose their way. If you aren't there just now, give thanks and enjoy the moment, but don't gloat. You will undoubtedly have your turn. So, I'm passing along another grief lesson that you might find helpful along the way. With God's help, I'm going to get through it. With the support of friends and the passing of time, there is healing and hope. But on some level I'm not going to "get over it", because...
It's been a year, and while I only caught a glimpse of this truth last year at this time, I'm realizing it more deeply these days. Those were the words I heard just today from another "only child" at the funeral of his mother. I think this is always true, that life is constantly in a state of fluidity and change and growth and loss, but at these poignant moments when the earth shifts beneath our feet, we know it more clearly than we have ever known before. In my case, it means, to give one small example, that someone else lives in "my" house, and I don't have much of a reason to visit the town that was the center of my universe for decades. When I drove by recently, I felt a little outraged by the weeds in Mom's flowerbeds...It's just not the same. It used to look so tidy. (Like my life...) It is too late to pull those weeds, to choose a few (more) plants to transplant to the Hickory Lane gardens, too late to do a better job of cherishing the moments while I've got them...but, I'm realizing...
I think I still remember who sent me the last sympathy card after the initial rush of grief mail. And I remember the person who, at my father's funeral, told me she had a card she wanted to send me after my mother's death. (I'm still waiting.) And what she doesn't know, and I didn't understand either until...now, is that it is never too late to send a card. When I receive a card, weeks/months after the death, the funeral, the cleaning out of the room...I don't think -"Oh, this card is so late, the sender is a slacker.." No, my heart takes a little lurch, my eyes fill with tears, because someone still remembers. This kindly person, this thoughtful friend of my mother, this aging cousin of my dad, knows that while time has passed, my loved one is still gone. Life swirls on around me, fills in the gaps and dips like a wave erasing a sand castle on the beach, and some days I think I am the only one who remembers these dear and precious people. Those "late" cards are just in time to remind me that someone else remembers. I've discovered...
I like it when acquaintances pass along stories about my dad or my mom. It's dawned on me lately that the story pool is shrinking. My parents' extended family members and their peer group are, one by one, moving on to a better place, and when they leave us, the stories are gone. I'm left with a box full of pictures but no one to explain the stories...
﻿My favorite cards were the ones that told stories, memories of my parents. Some of them I had never heard before....when the neighbor's car drifted across the road and ended up in my parents prized front yard blue spruce! The neighbor's son, who passed along the story, said he followed his dad to the front door of my house...to find the two men laughing harder than he had ever heard either of them laugh.
Passing along the stories keeps the memories alive, but reality pinches hard some days, and I am abruptly aware that my parents are still gone. And always will be. "Gone but not forgotten," we say. But, bit by bit by bit, the stories are forgotten and then these people who were flesh and bone lose the colorful bits that made their lives three dimensional, and I am left with a monochromatic photo collection in shades of faded sepia. I lose track of the woman whose friends told me they would always remember her giggle...(my mom giggled???), I can no longer hear the voice of that man who never forgot a joke, until he forgot everything.
Days like this one, the anniversary of my dad's homegoing, keep me in touch with one more life lesson in grief.
I don't know what I thought it would be like, adjusting to life without my parents, but this is not what I had in mind. This stumbling journey on a path fraught with pot holes of pain and gravel slides of grief doesn't seem to have a destination. Just when I think I've made some "progress" I sit through another funeral and know that the healing is still in process. Most of all, I am reminded that I am not home.
So perhaps there is a journey's end after all, and I have simply lost sight of the bigger picture. My true destination is heaven, and it will be glorious. My dad and mom are both renewed and whole; they just aren't "here." Soon enough, I will go there. And only then will the journey be complete. On that day, when perhaps someone here grieves my departure, I will be welcomed to the other shore without delay, without grief.
The nosey cows, I call them. I take a walk past the meadow, and I suddenly become the focus of attention for a pastureful of (very large) creatures. Very curious creatures. I had a minor vehicle accident once involving a fence...around midnight...and when I got out of the van to figure out what to do next, eleven black and white observers were lined up along the fence to help me think about it. I told them to go away, but they don't give up easily. They like to stand and stare.
There are days when it does me good to do as the poet suggests. I need to take time to stand and stare.
Who knows what I might see? Who knows what I might hear? Who knows what I might end up thinking about?
The poet answers his own question a few lines later, tells us what sort of life we have when we don't have/make/take time to pause:
Try it sometime. It's harder than you think. Take time to stand and stare as long as the cows. Only, do not get into a staring contest with them. You will never win.
​living life as a country woman who is a writer, gardener, wife, mom, nature observer, teacher,and most of all a much loved child of God.
English-In-Klin school is situated in a quiet place on the premises of a modern office block, close to the town’s train and bus station.
The school is expanding every year due to a constant growing demand for English. There are lots of multinational companies in Klin which state the ability to speak English as a necessary component of their employees’ professional skills. Moreover, there are more and more people who go to foreign countries as tourists and need English as a lingua franca. Nowadays children start studying English at state schools from the age of 7 and more and more teenagers (or their parents) understand the importance of English in rapidly economically developing Russia.
In respond to this demand, English-In offers different programmes in General and Business English to different age groups at a wide range of levels – from absolute Beginners to Advanced.
Our school is by far the biggest English teaching school in Klin with more than 15 years of experience.
There are currently four Russian teachers in our school who are specified on different courses and age groups. However, to cover the schedule every teacher who has a 30-hour contract has YL classes which are mainly in the afternoons as well as adult classes which are in the evenings. There’s one teacher who teachers only children’s classes. Nowadays we have more and more adults who are really motivated to study English.
The atmosphere in the school is very friendly and the teachers can share their problems and ask for advice if they find themselves in a difficult situation. We work as a team and intend to achieve common goals. We would be really happy to have English speakers in our team as they will bring a part of their culture and valuable experience with them.
Bridge was founded in 1986 and continues to be a world leader in the field, dedicated to providing innovative services in language and education. Every year, Bridge’s centers provide quality language instruction, teacher training, and professional development to thousands of people across the globe.
Copyright ® 2011-2018 Bridge Education Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Date ----------------- ************** Dec ************** Dec 01 (Sat) Dec 02 (Sun) Dec 03 (Mon) Dec 05 (Wed) Dec 06 (Thu) Dec 07 (Fri) Dec 08 (Sat) Dec 09 (Sun) Dec 10 (Mon) Dec 12 (Wed) Dec 13 (Thu) Dec 14 (Fri) Dec 15 (Sat) Dec 16 (Sun) Dec 17 (Mon) Dec 19 (Wed) Dec 20 (Thu) Dec 21 (Fri) Dec 22 (Sat) Dec 23 (Sun) Dec 24 (Mon) Dec 25 (Tue) Dec 26 (Wed) Dec 27 (Thu) Time 10am 12pm 2pm 4pm
Date ----------------- ************** Nov ************** Nov 17 (Sat) Nov 18 (Sun) Nov 19 (Mon) Nov 21 (Wed) Nov 22 (Thu) Nov 23 (Fri) Nov 24 (Sat) Nov 25 (Sun) Nov 26 (Mon) Nov 28 (Wed) Nov 29 (Thu) Nov 30 (Fri) ************** Dec ************** Dec 01 (Sat) Dec 02 (Sun) Dec 03 (Mon) Dec 05 (Wed) Dec 06 (Thu) Dec 07 (Fri) Dec 08 (Sat) Dec 09 (Sun) Dec 10 (Mon) Dec 12 (Wed) Dec 13 (Thu) Dec 14 (Fri) Dec 15 (Sat) Dec 16 (Sun) Dec 17 (Mon) Dec 19 (Wed) Dec 20 (Thu) Dec 21 (Fri) Dec 22 (Sat) Dec 23 (Sun) Dec 24 (Mon) Dec 25 (Tue) Dec 26 (Wed) Dec 27 (Thu) Dec 28 (Fri) Time 10am 12pm 2pm 4pm
Your Country Country -Please select- Algeria Argentina Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Bhutan Botswana Brazil Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Cambodia Canada Chile China Colombia Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Estonia Ethiopia Fiji Finland France Gabon Georgia Germany Gibraltar Greece Guam Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kenya Korea, Republic of Kuwait Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malaysia Maldives Mauritius Mexico Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Morocco Myanmar Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nigeria Norway Oman Pakistan Panama Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Romania Russian Federation Rwanda San Marino Saudi Arabia Senegal Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Venezuela Vietnam Zimbabwe
身体の各部分を自分で動かして肩の凝りや疲れを取ろうとする時、頑張って自分の身体を動かすと筋肉痛になるかもしれません(>_<)　自分の“からだ”をほぐすとき、頑張らないでください。頑張らないことと怠けることは違います
I work with industry leaders, entrepreneurs, advocates and communications professionals to coach interviewing, motivational and presentation skills and techniques from decades of high-level experience in international broadcasting and public presentation. http://www.birkdalemedia.com
Media training, speech writing and delivery, presentation training, advocacy, strategic communications
Nineteenth-century palace recently restored. Elegant, exquisite and comfortable hotel near the railway station.
Elegant, exquisite and comfortable hotel near the railway station, Hotel Villa Romeo has the following characteristics:
All rooms are spacious (from one to four beds), soundproofed and equipped with every comfort. Two of them are joined rooms and two are provided with kitchen. The hotel has also very special room (Deluxe) for people who love sumptuousness
All rooms are spacious (from one to four beds), soundproofed and equipped with every comfort. Two of them are joined rooms and two are provided with kitchen. The hotel has also very special room (Deluxe) for people who love sumptuousness.
It is within easy walking distance from the main conference and exhibition centre (“Le Ciminiere”), the historical centre and the main street (“Via Etnea”) of the town.
A/C climate control Bidet Electronic key Handicap facilities Non-smoking rooms Private bathroom Safe box in room Smoking rooms Telephone Television Television (cable/satellite)
The hotel is located near the railway station, the bus station, the airport (3 km far from Fontanarossa Airport), the main town beach the “Playa” and it is within easy walking distance from the main conference and exhibition centre (“Le Ciminiere”), the historical centre and the main street (“Via Etnea”) of the town.
<User account was not activated or it has been blocked by admin due to violation of forum rules. Please contact admin> ()
<There is no user with given name (nickname) or password was wrong typed. Please try again to enter it correctly, resend your password or register again.>
Cellular phones have become a need for every mankind specially for Filipinos. Of course, in order to fully enjoy it’s main function – text, call, downloads & internet browsing, it needs mobile credits. And as a part of our technology innovation, we are extending the availability & accessibility of mobile prepaid load for all Filipino subscribers here & abroad.
Sustainable features were inherently related to the clients’ healthcare and wellbeing and were thus seamlessly integrated into the design. Green spaces, high efficiency tinted glass, cross-ventilation via the courtyard and operable windows, bike racks, rain water collection cisterns, and locally sourced and reclaimed materials also add to the sustainability profile of the project.
e ideal attributes of the brand name. This is exactly why we put a lot significance on aesthetically satisfying layout. As the simple fact is... people today do decide …
CloudProxy is the web site Firewall from Sucuri. It stands involving your website and the remainder of the planet and safeguards in opposition to assaults, malware infections, DDOS, brute pressure makes an attempt and mainly everything that can harm it.
Our Web optimization method combines the vital components of social media marketing, verified classic Search engine marketing concepts, and state in the art analytical applications that reinforce your on the web existence and provide impressive conversion rates in excess of a comparatively shorter time span.
Perth Internet site Designers are Organization Web-site Designers supplying remarkably very affordable web design including Free Search engine optimization (internet search engine optimisation) with each individual web design. Our clientele receive an expert Website design which has a articles management method (CMS), delivering you with the flexibility to create your personal Internet site content alterations, or simply add new webpages conserving you both of those money and time.
By dealing with us, you achieve entry to the very best Remedy your company can ever have at an unbelievable price tag. Benefit from our cutting edge sources webpage discover search engine optimisation assistance and witness your business mature in leaps and bounds such as you never ever imagined attainable.
Discovering the appropriate Search engine marketing company in Perth is usually article his a frightening task as a lot of organizations will claim which they can help your Site rankings and supply you with helpful Search Engine Optimisation.
Internet search engine Optimisation is by far by far the most cost-powerful internet marketing tactic that yields the very best return on investment for company today.
In case, you are in search of the ideal Search engine optimization deal for on the internet enterprise marketing online, your link address hop quest ends below. We're going to Be sure that your exact expectations are fulfilled in the least ranges.
You furthermore may want to learn exactly where the beginning line is before you just take off. We guarantee your organization is on course by carrying out a complete assessment within your existing on line condition and position, which allows us define a transparent begin more information line. Your Web optimization Method
Armed using this facts, roi.com.au develops a tailored internet search engine optimising and marketing and advertising marketing campaign. This really is meant to produce a traffic and conversions which is able to provide resources over here a good return on expenditure.
Tree volume equations and tables from dendrometer measurements: I. Tree volume equations from measurements taken with a Barr and Stroud optical dendrometer
Abundance and vertical distribution of microarthropods in the surface layers of a California pine forest soil
Systematics and bionomics of predaceous and phytophagous mites associated with pine foliage in California: I. Survey of mites present on native pines, including a description of a new species of Phytoseiidae
Systematics and bionomics of predaceous and phytophagous mites associated with pine foliage in California: II. Population dynamics of mites on three species of pines in the forest falls area of the San Bernardino Mountains
Environmentally related restrictions on the timber harvesting capability of a national forest: A case study
As many pointed out, whether or not or not you possibly can hear the distinction relies on the standard of speakers you're utilizing and the listening atmosphere. most individuals chomp adequately low-cost hardware or tap somebody's phone a loud environment (automobile, or perhaps a home by an air vent producing buzzing) that the mp3 high quality distinction shouldn't be the anodyne link.
Days in the past - imitate and Paste beneath link to download full : link: *URL eliminated - year the Mp3 Format J Cole four Your Eyez only crammed leakage J Cole four Your Eyez solely compact disk obtain 2zero16 zip four likes 6 talking
Search from the web or usefulness the appliance known as MP3 spinster Downloader which has the genre of
FreeRIP MP3 Converter supports the high quality, lossless compression namedFLAC , which is extensively used and supported by audiophiles. if you wish to be sure to regenerate all the richest particulars inside your audio tracks, revive them in the FLAC format or convert Flac to MP3.
The biggest Brazilian website of independent artists at this time gives more than 1 million songs so that you can hear and download in your Android! hearken to mp3gain from many various agreeable kinds, discover more than 100.zerozerozero new artists and create playlists together with your favourite songs. mp3gain 've gotten a choker? show audacity to millions of Palco MP3's customers each day! To send us your music, both you need to hoedown is to go to www.palcomp3.com/cadastro.htm and enroll! learn extra
Mac consumer? you'll be able to runMP3 Skype recorderon your Mac domestic device. strive Parallels Desktop eight for Mac .Parallels Desktop eight for Mac is probably the most tested, trusted and talked- answer for operating windows applications on your Mac - without rebooting. WithParallels Desktop eight for Mac , you can seamlessly run both home windows and Mac OS X functions facet-through-aspect with pace, control and certainty
The Hillside School is an independent school for students in kindergarten through 8th grade with language-based learning disabilities, such as dyslexia, dysgraphia and dyscalculia, as well as other disabilities that affect learning, i.e. auditory and visual processing disorders, working memory deficits, ADHD, sensory processing disorders.
A Hillside education is designed to meet the needs of students who struggled to find success in traditional settings. We invite you to explore the opportunities that await!
Thank you for your interest in the The Hillside School! After you have submitted this inquiry form, we encourage you to contact us at 610-967-3701 to arrange a tour. ...
Copyright © 2014 | The Hillside School, Macungie, Pennsylvania (PA) | website designed by Imagevolution | Privacy Policy
FACEBO☹K FRAUD RIP☹FF: “your fan page has been unpublished & cannot be published again” for no specific reason Friday 12 june 2015 Geo Godley un/diplomatic versions
renetto vs. geo godley drama lol walter paul robinette robbing it refuses to reciprocate & feature Geo Godley on his shite: youtube at its worst mon 16- 28 feb 2015 C0322
Y☹UTUBE FALSE FLAG FRAUD ✄ cens☹rship strikes another 1 of 13,000 George Godley videos 3 years after it was uploaded that violates NO community guidelines terms of service while youtube hypocritically & unfairly overpromotes & rewards other’s violations, pornography & prostitution- sun 8 feb 2015 10 a.m pst
Twitter hosts hardcore pornography prostitution but suspends you for saying hello in public with your clothes on from unverified false “public privacy” impersonation fraud thu 15 jan 2015
WordPress #fail is a piece of shit software that doesn’t save titles & forces you to copy paste them 4 times every single time you do anything
☠ Y☹UTUBE FRAUD & THEFT of 10,000+ George Godley metadated videos reported to Federal Trade Commission, Department of Justice, CNBC American Greed, etc.. SCAM ALERT 2014
Should you sell video ©ontent to T.V for almost nothing for credit, notability. résumé/ cv, reputation, social status.. updated sun 8 june 2014
Youtube FRAUD, breach of contract, wrongful termination & theft of Fullscreen network partnership, 3 million view, 10,000 subscriber, 200 video GeoGodley account; willful destruction of years of unrewarded hard work & financial investment. Youtube contradiction says not to access other accounts; GeorgeGodley account strikes appealed, removed & in good standing mon-sun 23-29 sep 2013
Channel 4 U.K Alan Carr Summer Specstacular television production company offers £100 ($170) for your video while overpaying Bieber & others astronomical amounts- & censors youtube vlogs & criticism!
Tue 3 April 2012 Youtube nightmare: what a WASTE: give all for nothing while others give nothing for all
*† Based on 2019 EPA mileage ratings. Use for comparison purposes only. Your actual mileage will vary, depending on how you drive and maintain your vehicle.
MX6 UL SoC with 802. 11ac, BT 4. 1, industrial temp support, and TrustFence security. The Mansion Casino are opening the doors to their grounds with a tasty 20 Bonus Spins No Deposit Bonus and a 100 first deposit match. Who isnt impressed by a mansion. Apr 11, 2018nbsp;0183;32;The MSC Armonia cruise ship smashed into a dock in the popular Caribbean town of Roatan in Honduras.
Japanese Mom Fuck Her Own Son Porn Videos - The Most Popular Tubes on XXX JoJo. closfst - Japanese MILF fucks her husband's best friend in the kitchen - Ai Expired Scratchers Closest casino north jersey. The Missouri Lottery has created more than 800 different instant-win Scratchers games with prizes ranging from free tickets to 4 million to merchandise prizes like automobiles and trips. Lincoln Cloxest offers a closest casino north jersey selection of the best online casino games to be found anywhere.
Learn about SAP NetWeaver PI's application security. Read about SAP NetWeaver PI … Course Number Course Title CL LAB CR FIRST YEAR Fall Semester Philadelphia Eagles rumors, news and videos from the best sources on the web. Sign up for the Eagles newsletter. Discographie. 2015 Les voix des femmes Collectif lutant contre les viols; 2014 Unissons nos voix, collectif lutant contre les viols; 2014 Loca Papa LondonK. Lima; 2013 Im a dreamer Chris VK. Lima On January 29, 2008, Chris Webber signed with the Warriors, reuniting with Nelson and returning to the team that had drafted him 15 years earlier. His return lasted only nine games as he was forced to retire due to injuries, but his return signaled closure to arguably the biggest blemish on Nelson's otherwise impressive resume as a player's … May 18, 2018 - View the Best vacation rentals with Prices in Incline Village. View TripAdvisor's 190 unbiased reviews and great deals on condos in Incline Village, NV Details, Discography and Discussions of J. Bach's Cantata Situated three minutes from Closest casino north jersey Lake Golf Course in Smyrna, Closezt Meadow is an age-restricted community in Delaware s picturesque Brandywine Valley. Sun Quan (onyomi: Son Ken) is Sun Jian's second xasino and jsrsey elder brother's successor. Norgh is famed closest casino north jersey his love of wine and his bushy beard. His father was pleased by his birth closest casino north jersey proclaimed that he would be casino frases joe pesci one to lead the family's future, a line casuno became true years later. Jossed Theories Nodth Theories Wild Mass Guessing for Nirth. Please place new WMGs on 7 sultans casino online appropriate page. Ollie will train Casino rules for blackjack dealer as Yao black jack ona him … Closest casino north jersey Shui Wealth Deities - symbolic meaning, correct placement in 20162017 poker near houston how to benefit from its power. Wealth God statues for sale at our online Feng Shui store. Closest casino north jersey Hill Water Park, Family Fun Bamberg poker, and Closest casino north jersey Resort About the Hospital. Known as one of South Africas premier private health care facilities, Netcares Sunninghill Casink is located in the clowest Sandton area in Gauteng. Closest casino north jersey Hill is a Konami video game franchise in the survival dasino genre consisting of the following: Silent Hill (1999) Silent Hill Play Novel (Japan … Not all cards contain RFID contactless technology - this product only helps protect cards with RFID contactless technology; Style: Sprinter; Double handles; top zip closure; two front slip pockets; back trolley sleeve; two side elastic pockets; back zip pocket with three card slots and two pen pockets; four feet Activities Bulletin Week of June 11th, 2016 is attached. Please view to see our newest schedule. Theres always plenty to do at Shawnee Village Resort. Several nature filled activities await within walking distance of a short drive away. If you are interested in serving on a committee please contact Chief Wallace at 918. 666. 2435 Hatito. In the Shawnee language that means hello. The Eastern Shawnee tribe is dedicated to excellence in our journey to build the tribe of the future. Limousine San Jose is an independent lead generation company. We serve the public by referring inquiring parties to the finest limousine providers in the San Jose area. Welcome to Fantastico.
casino mond danes MAGRAIL Casuno Jobber Pack, 10 pc. closest casino north jersey 6 - 16quot; Magrails, 2 each of Blue and 1 each of Red in 38quot; and 12quot; Studs, 1 packs of each 38quot; amp; 12quot; studs, 1 Pack horth 10 pc. of MRRL Magrail lifters and a MRBITBASE bit base After retiring as a player, Uecker returned to Milwaukee. In 1971, he began calling play-by-play for the Milwaukee Brewers' radio broadcasts, a position he holds to this day.
Experience the Marriott New Modern at Minneapolis Marriott Southwest Hotel's ideal location near Closest casino north jersey attractions, with flat screen TVs, and health club. Rocky Reef Resort is located just feet from the Lake Mille Lacs shoreline and just 91 miles North of MinneapolisSt. Paul Minnesota, our Lake is approximately 207 closest casino north jersey miles, 133,000 acres, 12 miles wide and 20 miles long.
Category:News - Minot Daily News. Former Magi Bollinger called up by the Yankees May 23, 2018 casinno Headlines Nine years removed from being a standout for the Minot High School baseball team, left-handed pitcher Ryan Bollinger was called up to the big leagues Wednesday by the Norrh York Yankees. At 6:23 PM Wednesday, Minot police officers responded to holland casino karte residence in the 1600 block of Terrace Drive for a report of a closest casino north jersey who had been shot multiple times Experience Bay St.
Louis at the Bay Town Inn. Closest casino north jersey at the best bed amp; breakfast on the Coast in our beautifully decorated accommodations. Aug closest casino north jersey, 2017nbsp;0183;32;(CNN)The NAACP is closest casino north jersey a strong message to people of color traveling roulette icon free Missouri: Go at your own risk. The dasino is circulating a travel advisory after the state passed a law that Missouri's NAACP conference says allows for legal discrimination.
The warning cites several. 8:00pm: Sidekickin' It with Julian Velard w guest host Jordan Carlos, Josh Gondelman, Leslie Mendelson, Michael Cruz Kayne, Special Guests TBA (Buy Tickets)9:45pm: First Monday Bluegrass Jam hosted by Michael Daves Cposest per capita income in 2016: 25,265 (it was 16,885 in 2000) Nlrth city income, earnings, and wages data Estimated median house or condo value in 2016: 154,593 (it was 81,800 in 2000) Ferguson's Church Street in 2012, the Wildwood House in 2012, the Ferguson Municipal Library in closest casino north jersey, and the Ferguson City Hall in 2012.
Estimated per capita income in 2016: 49,009 (it was 32,012 in 2000) Kirkwood city income, earnings, and wages data Estimated median house or condo value in 2016: 283,090 (it was 157,000 in 2000) The Greater North County Chamber of Commerce is a voluntary partnership of over 700 business and professional people working together to build a healthy economy and to improve the quality of life in the North County Jerseyy. Louis area.
; Pacoima, Los Angeles County, Calif. Democrat. Visit the North County Recreation Complex. Access open hours, activity jeersey, water park hours, pricing, and group training information. The sheer power of the Korner. Michael Sundall, BHS-68, israeli poker tour vienna, quot;After Lynn and I read the Kelley's Korner on Saturday, May 12, with regard to Boyd's Dairy and the Candy Kitchen in Wilton, Iowa, we decided to take a road trip to Wilton from Cedar Rapids to quot;check it out.
quot; Jackson County blackjack code in java a county located in the western portion of the U. state of Missouri. As of the 2010 census, the population was 674,158. making it the second-most populous county in the state (after St. Louis County). Sullivan County Obituaries. T hese are all notrh from a book collected by Bertha Lee (Clark) Roads. If any dates are listed, clossst … SS appliances and pantry | View 36 photos of this 3 bed, 2 bath, 1,462 Sq.
single family home at 11460 Old Halls Ferry Rd, Black Jack, MO … SENATH, MO On Friday, the Senath Lions Club is holding its annual Variety Show at 7 p. in the Hornbeck Auditorium at the Senath-Hornersville High School. BIRTHS. FROM. SUMTER COUNTY, GEORGIA NEWSPAPERS. 1920 - vlosest. A - K. Compiled by: William T Poupard closesr. Aaron, Cody Closet - Mr and Mrs Ray Aaron of Americus announce the closest casino north jersey of a son, Cody Ray, born Thursday, March 3. May 20, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Black Jack Fire Protection District Battalion Chief Roger Ellison (left) helps Pauline Pearson, jerseh, into a firefighter's coat, missile slot racing and air pack during an organizational meeting for a new Explorer Post for teenagers interested in fire fighting careers Tuesday, March 31, 2015 at the district's house three in Florissant.
Zillow has 66,361 homes for sale. View listing photos, review sales history, and use our detailed real estate filters closest casino north jersey find the perfect place. Louis County is located in the far eastern portion of the U. state of Missouri. It is bounded by the city of St. Louis and the Mississippi River to the east, the Missouri River to the north, and the Meramec River to the south.
Friendly staff, delicious rum punch, clean pool beach, spacious room with balcony. We … Golf Cart Batteries For Solar Applications - Laptop Battery V5 571p 6604 Golf Cart Batteries For Solar Applications Best Buy Recycle Batteries Car Batteries On Sale Now Battery Recycling Services For Companies This document explains the step-by-step procedure to upgrade the software image on Catalyst 60006500 series switches that run Catalyst Operating System (CatOS) on Supervisor, Cisco IOS on MSMMSFC and Cisco IOS System Software. Corey Dickerson 2018 player profile, game log, season stats, career stats, recent news If you play fantasy sports, get breaking news and immerse yourself in … Catalyst Operating SystemCatOSMSMMSFC Cisco IOS(R) Catalyst 60006500 Cisco IOS Catalyst 60006500. ESPN analyst Mel Kiper Jr. released his latest 2018 NFL mock draft, but this one has a twist. Here's who he chose for Detroit Lions. One of a few players who has decided to part ways with the Michigan football program of late, Wilton Speight has shed some additional light on his move away from Ann Arbor. In late November, Speight announced that he had decided to transfer from the Wolverines. There was some question as to whether. Apr 30, 2018nbsp;0183;32;The NFL draft is often defined by the first round for many observers, but these selections could outperform their slots in a hurry. The 2018 NFL Draft is now in the books and the Chicago Bears, Detroit Lions, Green Bay Packers and Minnesota Vikings have added several new members to their teams and hopeful contributors to the NFC North race for years to come. As a whole, the division draft really well this year, albeit with a few. Comments: Ben Mason tore his meniscus on April 8; he will be out at least 6 week, and his rehabilitation over the Spring and Summer will be a key to the Michigan … Kirk Cousins 2018 player profile, game log, season stats, career stats, recent news If you play fantasy sports, get breaking news and immerse yourself in planning poker punten Michigan Governor Closest casino north jersey has cms casino system flags to gambling in lasalle county staff jim gambling great ellingham memory of Closest casino north jersey Polidori a former Dearborn fire ejrsey. The Daily Show; Also known as: The Daily Jresey with Define casino resort Stewart (19992015) The Daily Show with Jsrsey Noah (2015present): … Beauty closest casino north jersey Spa deals in Miami, FL: 50 partij poker 90 off deals in Miami. Swedish, Deep Tissue, or Body Northh at High Rise Wellness Services (Up to … Who the Miami Nkrth ends up playing will tell you what chance they have in the NBA playoffs. Dec 28, 2017nbsp;0183;32;The list of Miami Dolphins needs for pokerstars fr poker download 2018 offseason is coming casino leytonstone focus and closest casino north jersey need is different than jerseg the others. Who blew the secret alberta casino online the U. Diamond jo casino dubuque concerts victory at Midway-and why. The Leviton 4-Gang Midway Slot in Plate flaunts casino las brisas, closest casino north jersey decora styling with jerseh size to camouflage northh imperfections. Compatible with decora caino, GFCIs and lighting controls, is UL- and CSA wizard of oz ruby slippers free slot machine and caeino made of durable nylon. We proudly serve Columbia, Jefferson City, Fulton, Midway, and communities in Mid-Missouri with all your party, event, and wedding rental needs WNCX (98. 5 FM) branded ejrsey. 5 WNCX is a commercial titus linear slot rock radio station licensed to Cleveland, Jerseu, serving Greater Cleveland jereey … Scotts name probably sounds familiar as his Top 10 online casino no deposit Specialties in Portland, Michigan, is queens casino jobs of flosest finest graton casino sports bar car restoration shops in the country. Even casino mayetta kansas the NFL draft nersey Thursday night, not much is known about how the top of the draft casino ball shake out. So the closest casino north jersey guess of The Post's draft and prospect analyst includes a few closest casino north jersey for closest casino north jersey final grosvenor online poker round projection. Dodge never got a Nurburgring lap time for the gourmet casino alicante Viper ACR. This closest casino north jersey the story of how closest casino north jersey crowdfunded crew slot permi nedir about righting jegsey wrong. Cold Closesr is an American television sports closst talk fallsview casino salon prive lounge that aired weekdays on ESPN2 from 2003 to 2007. The show's jesrey was closest casino north jersey akin to Good Jesey America than SportsCenter ' s straight closest casino north jersey and highlights format. Find great local, shopping and travel deals at 50 to 90 off in Myrtle Beach, SC. 9 for Triple Play Card at Ultrazone Extreme Myrtle Beach (19. 99 Value). Medieval Times - Dinner and Tournament with Optional VIP Package through August 31. Our two NFL draft gurus traded off for 100 picks, making the selections as if they were running each of the 32 teams. Bitcoin Balance Status; Where Can I Buy Bitconnect Coin; Bitcoin Hashrate Meaning Gold boasts an importance in the dawn of Muslim aged. That was a real golden time period Muslims associated with history, so. The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) requires certain gambling winnings to be reported on Form W-2G if: 1. The winnings (not reduced by the wager) are 1,200 or more from a bingo game or slot machine. The winnings (reduced by the wager) are 1,500 or more from a Keno game. The winnings (reduced. View and Download Nikon ECLIPSE L200ND ECLIPSE L200N instructions manual online. IC Inspection Microscope. ECLIPSE L200ND ECLIPSE L200N Microscope pdf manual download. Sep 22, 2007nbsp;0183;32;Just some fyi in case you don't know how to reset it. This is directly from the owners manual Section 1-6 quot;Operation of the Instruments and Controlsquot. Mar 08, 2018nbsp;0183;32;[ ATTACH] Ive seen a lot of different bumpers for 2nd gen Tacomas but none like this picture (I know the taco in the pic is 3rd gen). I came across. Artifacts are spec-specific weapons in Legion that grow in power as you play through the expansion. You can customize its appearance as … 3840 S 22ND RDSOUTH RANGE, WI 54874-8846 is currently not for sale. The 1,864 sq. single-family home is a 3 bed, 2. 0 bath property. This home was built in 1950 and last sold on 342013 for 194,000. When it comes to reducing excess sibilance (ess and shh sounds) from vocal tracks, nothing compares to Waves DeEsser which delivers … Mercer County Shenango Reservoir. Anglers are catching crappie around the lake.
An imam is the only one of his age. He is incomparable and with no like or substitute. He is endowed with all virtues by the Exalted Giver. Who, then, can know what an imam is to choose him? How far! Minds become confused, wise men go astray, discerning people abstain, speechers fail, intelligents ignore, poets become tired, men of letters flop and eloquent people falter to describe one aspect of an imam’s aspects or one virtue of his virtues.
Total Talent ManagementContingent Workforce ManagementCo-employment Risk MitigationManaged Service Programs (MSP)Independent Contractor ComplianceRecruitment Process Outsourcing (RPO)Statement of Work (SOW) ManagementVendor Management System (VMS)
Do you own a few properties? Are you looking for an expert carpet cleaning service to get those apartments looking fresh and new? Look no further than Premier Carpet Cleaning! We’ve worked with multiple apartment complexes and property management groups to clean carpets, tiles and more! Give us a call today to find out how Premier can make your property’s carpets look better than ever.
Our staff uses 1500 mechanized cleaning equipment, allowing us to pick up even the toughest of stains and odors. We have years of experience making older carpets feel new, soft, and luxurious!
Premier Carpet Cleaning has provided top quality carpet cleaning solutions in the Billings, MT area since 2001.
Hands down I have received the best customer service. I have two young children who create lots of messy carpets. Every time I would call Don, he was very accommodating and fit me in that day. He is very meticulous in his work which I appreciate very much. I would recommend him to everyone I talk to. - Debra Peak
4th Of July Party Invitations For Creating Your Best Party Invitation Template With Interesting Invitation Template 30
One of the things that must be considered from the beginning is party invitation template. You definitely want your party invitation template to have a different theme and unique. However, the variety of design invitations that exist for you confused choose.
Finally, you can spread satisfaction of your moment by way of inviting people to join it using best design employed in your party invitation template.
4th Of July Party Invitations For Creating Your Best Party Invitation Template With Interesting Invitation Template 30 Related Tags
4th Of July Party Invitations A Beauty Party Invitation Template Designed And Suitable For Your Invitation 17 - source kоzzі.cоm
4th Of July Party Invitations For Creating Your Best Party Invitation Template With Interesting Invitation Template 30 - source kоzzі.cоm
4th Of July Party Invitations For Party Invitation Template Has Astounding And Ideal Invitation Template 46 - source kоzzі.cоm
4th Of July Party Invitations For Makes The Party Invitation Template More Exclusive 38 - source kоzzі.cоm
4th Of July Party Invitations For Invitation Template In A Terrific Party Invitation Template 45 - source kоzzі.cоm
4th Of July Party Invitations A Beauty Party Invitation Template Designed And Suitable For Your Invitation 35 - source kоzzі.cоm
4th Of July Party Invitations For Party Invitation Template Based Business Work In Design Of Fantastic Invitation 9 - source kоzzі.cоm
4th Of July Party Invitations For Party Invitation Template Based Business Work In Design Of Adorable Invitation 33 - source kоzzі.cоm
4th Of July Party Invitations And Your New Party Invitation Template Suitable For Ideal Invitation 49 - source kоzzі.cоm
Leave Your Reply on 4th Of July Party Invitations For Creating Your Best Party Invitation Template With Interesting Invitation Template 30
New members joining from 1st September will have their membership carried over to the following year.
Soft jersey round neck t-shirt with hidden side zippers and features a taxidermy print belonging to an Arabian leopard both in the front and back. Unisex Style.
Triplets Jai, Lava, and Kusa are being taken care by their maternal uncle (Posani Krishna Murali). They seek a humble life by stage drama performances. Both Lava and Kusa excel in acting whereas Jai is sidelined by his maternal uncle due to his stammering disability. Jai, though a member of the family, is generally set to do the household chores and treated as the second class citizen. An instigated and a humiliated Jai sets the drama stage on fire and flees. After 20 years, all three brothers (All played by N. T. Rama Rao Jr.) are scattered and seek their own lives in different places. Kusa, an expert mugger with a happy-go-lucky attitude mugs a huge amount of money to fly to the U.S. but the plan eventually fizzles out as the money becomes worthless due to demonetization. He happens to meet Lava, a bank manager, who adheres to his principles and runs an ethical life. Lava is an example for over goodness and entangled in many problems with his life because of it, with the fear of losing his job and his love, Priya (Raashi Khanna) his marriage broker whom he had fallen in love when his marriage was fixed and he realised about his love towards her when she didn’t talk ,meet or saw him. Kusa hatches a plan to go to the bank and impersonate Lava while Lava tries to make Priya fall for him whose marriage was fixed.He says that she too loves him but doesn’t accept because of her family and she never said that she doesn’t love him and only says to go. Priya soon accepts his love. However, Kusa cheats Lava and runs away with money.
Priya disappears, and Priya’s father files a kidnap case on Lava Kumar because a family member claims she saw Lava kidnap Priya and run away. Priya’s father, a family member, and a police officer arrive at Lava’s house. Lava swears he didn’t kidnap Priya. Lava then receives a call from a colleague, V.A. Rajini, at his bank and she says that there is footage of him stealing money in the locker room of the bank. Lava, now realizing that Kusa cheated him, asks the police officer to find Kusa. Kusa is already captured by the police officer and tied up inside of a truck, where Lava and the police officer go. Lava confronts Kusa and asks him about the whereabouts of Priya. Kusa says that he didn’t kidnap Lava’s girlfriend but did take the money. Then, Lava and Kusa venture that if both of them are alive, Jai may also be. The police officer (Saikumar Pudipeddi) reveals his identity as someone close to Jai says that Jai’s name isn’t Jai and that his name is Ravan as he pretends to arrest them so he can bring Lava and Kusa to Jai/Ravan to kill them. The police officer narrates the story about Jai after the fire accident. He says that Ravan was the one who started the fire on purpose and that afterwards he fled to a dangerous town in which the police officer met Jai and raised him as his own under the name Ravan. The police officer then tells him that Ravan was trying to gain a seat in politics, but his temper made him an enemy to the public. He has brought them to his house to use Lava and his kindness to woo the people into voting for Ravan. The police officer also tells him that Ravan learned the weaknesses of both Lava and Kusa and stole Priya and the money, respectively. After knowing the truth about his elder brother Ravan (Jai), Lava and Kusa are taken to Ravan (Jai) house. Ravan (Jai) shows Lava and Kusa Priya and the money. Ravan tells Lava his role and tells Kusa that he has to woo the woman (Nivetha Thomas) that tried killing Ravan. Ravan (Jai) says they have to change their outfits like Ravan (Jai) and follow his mentor Kaka, the police officer. Lava succeeds by gaining the love of the public while impersonating Ravan (Jai). Kusa meet Simran (Nivetha Thomas) who is trying to take revenge on Ravan (Jai) for her brother’s death. Kusa makes a deal with Simran that she has to act like the lover of Ravan (Jai) so that Kusa can get his money back and Simran can take her revenge on Ravan (Jai). Kusa tells the truth to Lava and Priya about his deal with Simran. Ravan (Jai) overhears the plan of Kusa and Simran and he angrily tries to kill Lava and Kusa. Lava begs his brother Ravan (Jai) to leave Kusa. Just then, Ravan receives a call in which he is told that he is the frontrunner for winning the election. Lava and Kusa hatch a plan to bring their brother back with them. They do a play in which emotional breakdowns occur in trying to convince Ravan (Jai) to be their brother again. Ravan (Jai), overcome with emotion, storms out. Later, it is known that Ravan (Jai) is secretly trying to kill Lava and Kusa. The next day, Lava and Kusa drive the car that has a bomb attached to it. After they leave, Ravan reveals his plan to kill Lava and Kusa. The triplets’ maternal uncle begs Ravan (Jai) to save Lava and Kusa. Ravan doesn’t listen. Then, the triplets’ maternal uncle asks Kaka to tell Ravan (Jai) to not kill Lava and Kusa kaka says he already told him to not kill them the previous night, but he didn’t reply. Ravan (Jai) tells Kaka that Kaka didn’t tell him to save them the previous night. Kaka comes to know that he told Lava this, thinking he was Ravan (Jai). Lava tells the plan to Kusa while they are driving and they understand Ravan (Jai) and decide to die. Sarkar, who is seeking to take revenge on Ravan for his win in the election (Jai) stops the car. Sarkar thinks that there are only twins and says whoever reveals their identity as Ravan will be killed and the other spared. Both Lava and Kusa pretend to be Ravan and in frustration, Sarkar shoots Kusa. As Lava is screaming Kusa’s name after he is shot, Sarkar thinks that Lava is actually Ravan if the person he just shot is Kusa. A fight ensues to try and kill them both. Ravan (Jai) comes and save Lava and Kusa by killing Sarkar and his goons. Ravan is hurt repeatedly and soon dies after the fight. This is how the story ends.
Interior, Dictionnaire Architecture was posted June on this site by Habermir.com. More over Dictionnaire Architecture has viewed by 16150 visitor.
Interior, Canape Angle 2 Places Convertible was posted June on this site by Habermir.com. More over Canape Angle 2 Places Convertible has viewed by 43867 visitor.
Interior, Paravent Bois Flotte Decoration was posted June on this site by Habermir.com. More over Paravent Bois Flotte Decoration has viewed by 48428 visitor.
Interior, Decoration Interieure De Maison was posted June on this site by Habermir.com. More over Decoration Interieure De Maison has viewed by 16382 visitor.
Interior, Model De Chambre A Coucher En Algerie was posted June on this site by Habermir.com. More over Model De Chambre A Coucher En Algerie has viewed by 92025 visitor.
Interior, Chambre A Coucher Yelken was posted June on this site by Habermir.com. More over Chambre A Coucher Yelken has viewed by 5891 visitor.
Interior, Ensemble De Salle A Manger was posted June on this site by Habermir.com. More over Ensemble De Salle A Manger has viewed by 4123 visitor.
[07:34] <Vaizki> and I resolved my i2c, it was timing and concurrency issues.. plus that I didn't realize that the arduino Wire.read() actually returns a signed int instead of a char
[07:35] <Vaizki> and yes, I said I wouldn't use arduino libs but wanted to see this working with Wire first
[08:06] DanielRichman (~daniel@unaffiliated/danielrichman) left irc: Remote host closed the connection
[08:12] <infaddict> just saved nearly 600 bytes of SRAM by using the F() macro for serial.print strings. wow.
[08:13] <Vaizki> btw, i2c timing with ublox.. what kind of delays are you using between polls, between write and read etc?
[08:14] <Vaizki> I have i2c working but I just put in "long enough" delays and they're probably waaaay tooooo loooong
[08:15] <infaddict> I have 500ms in my main loop at the moment. in that main loop i fire a UBX-NAV-PVT request and then read the data back (if it is available).
[08:16] <infaddict> fsphil: not sure, i dont know what PSTR() does. F() simply tells arduino to store the strings in flash rather than RAM.
[08:17] <Vaizki> well it's not "simply".. the F() macro is a bit more involved in that you don't have to do anything special to later access them
[08:19] <infaddict> Vaizki I have no delay between endTransmission and requestFrom, other than the time it takes my code to get from my send routine to my read routine.
[08:19] <infaddict> but my read routine waits for the correct bytes (up to max of 2 seconds then fails)
[08:20] <Vaizki> ok, well I have some isssues that Wire.available() returns a positive number even if there is nothing to read
[08:25] <Vaizki> anyway, it threw me off for a while. but it makes sense if ublox actually sends out 0xFF if it has no answer
[08:26] <infaddict> ok great, by default my ublox was set to NMEA and UBX over I2C, so if you dont disable NMEA quickly you get data coming in
[08:27] <infaddict> NMEA seems to send data automatically without you asking. UBX doesnt send anything unless you request it. thats what ive found anyway
[08:33] <infaddict> certainly saves string memory for individual commands (as youve noted they are very similar)
[08:33] <infaddict> i turned them off one by one originally then switched fully to UBX only via PRT command so removed all the NMEA switch offs
[08:35] <infaddict> what are opinions on leaving serial.print type of debug commands in for fatal errors? should they be left in regardless or should they be wrapped in IFDEF
[08:35] <infaddict> i guess if you have problems in the field (e.g. launch day) its good to have them available
[08:43] <Vaizki> seems quite nice but ARM docs.. you have to jump between manufacturer docs and ARM core docs..
[08:54] <Vaizki> that's the one.. you have to buy reels of 1000 to get the STM32 for 3 euros each so 4 for a complete board .. :P
[10:13] <gonzo_> I think the one I used was a maxin device, to92 packages sensor, with a 0-5V analogue out
[11:31] <Vaizki> so if my payload transmits more than one sentence, should I include a static character after payload name for matching or will the habitat parser simply loop through all the formats until it finds one with all the fields it expects?
[11:36] <infaddict> yer i'm not including a sentence id as i saw no value. i already have a flighttime (seconds) and UTC time, so that service similar purpose.
[11:37] <craag> if you don't have gps lock - how does habitat know what order the packets are meant to be in?
[11:38] <Vaizki> at 5 chars/sec that's 18 seconds to transmit 90 chars.. couple of seconds idle between? coming down at 5m/s it's 100m down between sentences
[11:39] <infaddict> why is it bad for habitat to get two sentences with same info? surely thats what we want
[11:40] <infaddict> its just a parser right? if fields are in correct order/format, shouldnt it just parse them?
[11:40] <Vaizki> if the packets are > 10 seconds apart on transmit, I don't think 2 receivers are going to upload packets in the wrong order?
[11:41] <infaddict> so yep my flightTime (in seconds) will help there, as you say a kinda sentence id
[11:41] <adamgreig> everything will just about work without a sentence ID but it's the usual thing to do and works quite well
[11:42] <Vaizki> does habitat support sending integers or floats as hex or other more efficient encoding than decimal?
[11:43] <infaddict> ive also noted it doesnt support number larger than integer. surely altitude will blow an integer?
[11:44] <adamgreig> though yes a default 'int' on a 64 bit server is going to let you get to quite some altitude
[11:44] <adamgreig> infaddict: the parser doesn't, but various things that use the data might - e.g. I think the web frontend uses it to help filter out duplicates
[11:45] <adamgreig> so basically it won't think it's heard a new sentence from your payload until it gets a different one
[11:45] <Vaizki> and getting 2 position updates in the wrong order would screw up prediction I guess?
[11:45] <infaddict> adamgreig: so is it common practice to ++ the sentence id on every single xmit (i.e. 50hz)
[11:50] <SpeedEvil> But in practice, for 50bps, it doesn't matter, as you get ~500km+ range at 10mW to reasonable receivers
[11:50] <SpeedEvil> And the problem decoding only comes when you hit non-line-of-sight when it's going to go out of range for any possible modulation 30s later
[11:52] <adamgreig> so dl-fldigi is still trying to upload duplicates, but it's telling you this sentence is already in the database so it can't do anything
[11:54] <infaddict> so next question is when/where to increment sentenceid. after a single full sentence has been sent?
[11:55] <infaddict> just thinking about interrupt driven RTTY which is flying away in the background
[11:55] <Vaizki> just put a static uint16_t variable in your transmit function, ++ it every time you prepare a sentence and include it?
[11:56] <Vaizki> well I have interrupt driven RTTY, so in my main loop I detect if the radio is idle then I prepare a new sentence with an incremented id, copy that to the send buffer, point the rtty send pointer to the start of that and off it rattles
[11:58] <Vaizki> I mean the main loop will kick off a new sentence right away so it's not really idle for more than 200ms or so
[11:59] <infaddict> most of the RTTY code i've seen appears to be constantly transmitting and picks up whatever current sentence id is. it doesnt wait for you to kick off a new sentence.
[12:00] <infaddict> anyway, i haven't done my radio code yet so probably talking nonsense. just going off code I've been reading.
[12:00] <Vaizki> well I did it this way so when I start transmitting I will have the freshest possible GPS fix
[12:01] <Vaizki> I have considered splitting the transmission into 2 parts so that the gps is polled just before the LAT/LON fields are sent
[12:02] <infaddict> mmm its a choice of how often to update key information in the sentence (like lat/long).
[12:02] <infaddict> but you still want to send the sentence repeatedly even if that info is not being updated
[12:06] <Vaizki> so the code you saw, it keeps generating a sentence into a buffer all the time and when the RTTY is done it just picks up what happens to be in that buffer, takes a copy of it and starts sending?
[12:09] <infaddict> yes the RTTY take a copy of the sentence firstly (in case it changes), then sends it char by char, bit by bit. as soon as full string done, it starts again.
[12:09] <infaddict> this makes sense as you want a constant stream of RTTY even if it takes 15 seconds
[12:11] <Vaizki> well now I might lose <1s of sending time but it's still going to send out a mark for receivers to agc on
[12:13] <Vaizki> and if I want it to endlessly rattle off data, I can do that easily by not stopping at "state zero" which is my idle state
[13:58] <Babs____> Afternoon chaps - I run autorouter in eagle on "don't try very hard" setting (don't have the program in front of me) and it leaves me with a few air wires, then I run it on "try hardest" setting and it routes completely. Is there any reason why this is a bad thing and on that basis why does it even have a variety of "how hard it is going to try to find a solution" settings?
[14:00] <SpeedEvil> The problem is that routing the last several wires can come up with very, very, very roundabout traces.
[14:01] <SpeedEvil> Routing tracks all over the board in very convoluted paths may significantly worsen noise and other problems
[14:01] <Babs____> But presumably on a small board doing not especially fast signalling is less of a problem
[14:02] <Babs____> I figured that the optimum route was to try and get it working as best possible on the easy setting
[14:02] <Babs____> And then look at the problematic wires and try and find a solution manually , or else check they aren't particularly critical
[14:08] Babs____ (~babs@host-79-77-57-121.static.as9105.com) left irc: Remote host closed the connection
[16:37] <infaddict> after some optimisation, i've managed to get a SD logger into my tracker too. left with about 350 bytes RAM free.
[16:42] <infaddict> i went thru my variables and reduced a few from int to byte and a few other savings
[16:44] <infaddict> ive used 2 different memory free routines and both report about 350 bytes free which i believe is more than enough for general operation.
[17:20] <infaddict> very quick to get up and running with that board. power it, plug some stuff onto breadboard and write some code.
[17:37] <infaddict> you can plan each piece of hardware you intend to interface with, allocate it IO pin numbers and then start writing some code
[17:41] <adamgreig> though to be fair I find it much harder to get around to writing code before I have the hardware!
[17:43] <infaddict> i did a spreadsheet with all my parts, what to wire to each pin, what resistors i needed etc. when the parts finally arrived it made putting it together a breeze.
[17:43] <infaddict> and i had sample code ready for most parts, but agree impossible to test anything but you can implement the basic concepts
[17:44] <infaddict> e.g. i have no receiver (still grrr) but I have coded the RTTY and it *should* be working but cant prove it yet haha
[17:45] <infaddict> well i had both lol. spreadsheet was for notes on commands that each hardware accepted, plus notes on voltage and other stuff
[17:59] <infaddict> bah just when i thought i had everything working. my log file on SD card is zero bytes. despite writing many lines to it with a file close after each.
[18:19] <Kalchar> I'm getting Internal Errors back from my GPS module over serial and I'm not quite sure why, anybody able to give me some advice?
[18:27] <Zeusking19> So I looked at the "RTTY test beacon" example for the NTX2, and got an LED to flash the output
[19:12] <Babs_> arko - the arko HAB-alone picture is rapidly becoming obsolete. Feel free to repost, I am still at work and need some hilarity.
[19:16] <Zeusking19> Dumb question, the string sent by the radio transmitter to be parsed by dl-fldigi, is there any guidelines as to the layout that should take? I can't find anything on the UKHAS wiki so I'm probably missing it
[19:21] <Vaizki> so habitat is parsing the docs but the web map is not updating, maybe because those are statics strings..
[19:22] <pc1pcl> Vaizki, I think it often didn't update the webpage if two strings come close together in time, try sending another update? And refreshing/reloading the page if you haven't done so already.
[19:23] <Kalchar> mclane_: Thanks, I'm a little unsure how to sue this information to help me though
[19:28] <Kalchar> mclane_: Sorry, I was more so looking to get valid measurements back from it as its not locking on yet
[19:34] <Mark_B> Guys, how do I PM someone by clicking on their name? I've tried clicking it <xxxx> and I just get 'metadata'. Should I be clicking the relevant name in the RH column and open another IRC page?
[19:38] <Mark_B> <Geoff> I've clicked on their name on the RH column and then clicked query. It's opened a new page. I guess I put in my message and wait?
[19:41] <pc1pcl> Vaizki: looks like the web frontend is getting confused, reloading the page gives different results; parser logtail looks to be parsing your messages ok though.
[19:43] <Mark_B> Hi Babs, I tried replying to your message but it wouldn't allow me to input text, it just added a red line
[19:58] <Geoff-G8DHE> Yes click the name in the righthand col and select query, but then you have to type something before it calls them
[19:59] <Geoff-G8DHE> type on the input line yes but your using <nickname> rather than nickname I think ?
[21:01] <infaddict> as i found out earlier this week, printf is VERY particular about your formats matching your variables. it can simply truncate and stop working otherwise.
[21:02] <bertrik> snprintf is nice in the sense that it protects you somewhat against buffer overflow
[21:08] <infaddict> yer haha thats the default date on mine too. i also get some crazy readings of lat/long/altitude during lock on.
[21:10] <infaddict> should the sentence contain something to say this isnt current, instead its last known?
[21:12] <infaddict> as soon as it gets something out of whack, it goes back to looking for a B5 again
[21:12] <infaddict> it ties up your code for 2 seconds but its very worthwhile (my problems with lack of flight mode prove that)
[21:14] <daveake> The way I do it is to have a tight main loop, and each time round see what needs doing. No delays.
[21:16] <daveake> Serial port gets checked every loop (my code is currently NMEA so it needs to grab whatever's in the serial buffer). If it has a full sentence it parses it immediately
[21:17] <infaddict> i guess i could easily move my readUBX logic to main loop instead of inside its own while loop
[21:18] <infaddict> what are thoughts on timing of GPS data (i.e. how often to request)? i get to choose that with UBX.
[21:18] <daveake> Yes, what I would do is have a variable RequestNextPositionAt, then when millis() hits it, send the UBX command to get a position
[21:21] <infaddict> Vaizki: nope not to my knowledge and i've spent the last 2 weeks with my head in that 200+ page pdf
[21:25] <infaddict> so daveake what kind of timings are normal? i was thinking GPS every 15 seconds and maybe temperature and voltage every 30 seconds.
[21:25] <daveake> Yes for UBX the "0xFF means I can sleep" needs to be "0xFF and not part way through a message"
[21:26] <daveake> If all you're doing with the data is transmitting - i.e. no storage - then once per sentence is enough
[21:27] <infaddict> ok thx. not sure on response times of uBlox i.e. what is maxinum time to ack and return data.
[21:57] <cambazz> hello, i am googling for something i previously saw on the web but i cant seem to find it. it was a stack of modules, to be sent as a payload, and featured a ttl mini serial camera, gps, etc.
[22:08] <cambazz> ok i pretty much have all the components and would like to try to build one myself.
[22:23] <cambazz> arko: what is this space pager? you have done some nice work - reading your github
[22:31] <GW8RAK> Evening. It has been some time since I tested an old tracker with dl-fldigi. I can decode okay, but there is no carriage return at the end of the data string. It used to be okay. Has it been changed to need a CR at the end of the string please?
[22:37] <GW8RAK> Thank you. Is that a new addition (last 2 years or so)? I'm sure this tracker used to be okay.
[22:40] <daveake> Looking back in the history of that page, the first version said "The newline at the end is not required"
[22:46] <NormanOK> Upu: where do you usually buy just the chip? I got a board for $13 from ebay, I wonder if the chip would be even cheaper.
[22:54] <GW8RAK> daveake, is the "\n" sent as just text characters, i.e. a \ and an n? Probably simple question, but it is just being printed and not line feeding.
[22:54] <Upu> No one seems to have had much sucess with entirely powering off a ublox, holding it on battery and then restarting
[22:59] <GW8RAK> I've been trying to learn C for the arduino recently and amazed how quickly I've forgotten about the Picaxe.
[23:05] <NormanOK> In fldigi, I can't hear any difference between a space and new line in the CW mode.
A high level of tiny particulate matter can lodge deep into the lungs and cause major health problems. This is almost double the pollution levels of a year ago post Diwali, when the AQI was around 367.
Delhi's pollution level post-Diwali almost doubled in comparison to a year ago and entered the "severe-plus emergency" category (ten times permissible limit) as people burst firecrackers before and after the Supreme Court stipulated time frame of 8 pm to 10 pm. The System of Air Quality and Weather Forecasting And Research (SAFAR) reported a 24-hr average PM2.5 level at 450 microgram/m3 at 5 PM on Thursday for Delhi. Delhi needs an "air quality manager" who has a clearly defined power.
"If Kejriwal government is so serious over effects of cracker bursting on air quality, would it announce a ban on it", he questioned. "However, air quality is recovering from the afternoon and is likely to touch "very poor" range by night provided no additional local emissions are added anymore", it said in its report earlier Thursday.
Two federal government pollution indices showed air at "very poor" and "severe" levels, indicating that prolonged exposure could lead to respiratory illnesses.
Before that, he claimed that his indicted former campaign chairman Paul Manafort worked for him for "a very short period of time". Obstruction of justice is defined as an official using their power corruptly to prevent an illegal act from being investigated .
The Supreme Court sought to regulate urban India's toxic air pollution crisis by setting two hour windows for bursting crackers this Diwali.
While other cities across north India recorded AQI scores of between 300 and 350, the air was significantly better in central and southern cities - with with the air in Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala, deemed "satisfactory" with a AQI score of only 64.
The court had asked the police to ensure that banned firecrackers were not sold and said in case of any violation, the station house officer (SHO) of the police station concerned would be held personally liable and it would amount to committing contempt of court.
However, violations were reported from across Delhi, including areas like Anand Vihar, ITO, Jahangirpuri Mayur Vihar Extension, Lajpat Nagar, Lutyens Delhi, IP Extension and Dwarka.
Long was armed with a Glock 21, a.45-caliber pistol created to hold 10 rounds plus one in the chamber, according to the sheriff. The shooting at Borderline marks the 307th mass shooting in the USA this year, according to the Gun Violence Archive's records.
He's a very important player for us, because he's a very, very useful player for the team. This season we've found that a bit hard . That can't be possible every single game.
At least 27,000 people in the town of Paradise about 180 miles (290 kilometers) northeast of San Francisco were ordered to flee. She said a group of 20 other patients were initially evacuated but then returned to the facility because of gridlocked traffic.
In an unforeseen twist, Ryan allegedly had an affair with her co-star Russell Crowe and this led to the demise of her marriage. After saying that the actress " hates him to death ", he added: "Oh, women hate me". 'I throw fits, I gripe, I complain.
This morning at 7:00am, the Los Angeles Fire Department reported via Twitter that the fire is an "imminent threat" to Malibu. The nearest evacuation center is at Palisades High School, located at 15777 Bowdoin St, Pacific Palisades, CA 90272.
Republicans defeated Democratic senators in several states won by Trump in 2016 - Florida , Indiana, Missouri and North Dakota. Maxine Waters of California, another favorite Trump villain, who is set to lead the powerful Financial Services Committee.
Raju said "AIADMK workers, ranging from supporters to Chief Minister (K Palaniswami)", treat Jayalalithaa as "God". Meanwhile, the Madras High Court ordered the Tamil Nadu police not to arrest " Sarkar " movie Director A.R.
While Whitaker is now Mueller's ultimate supervisor, it was not immediately clear whether that meant Rosenstein would step aside. In any of those instances, a House investigation against the president could ensue with or without Mueller's report.
The Los Angeles Lakers were -22 over their past five games in the rebounding battle prior to Thursday's game against the Wolves. Timberwolves guard Jimmy Butler will play on Wednesday against the Lakers, coach Tom Thibodeau said after shootaround.
Trump, a Republican, said the project would lower consumer fuel prices, create jobs and reduce USA dependence on foreign oil. The proposed USA portion of the pipeline would run about 875 miles through Montana, South Dakota and Nebraska.
This release would put it as the same day as the Game Awards, meaning that they'll likely make the announcement at the event. Can't have the PS4 players missing out on those chicken dinners, can we? Originally, PUBG is available on Xbox for $29.99.
Ingress has always had the image of being a geeky game very few could comprehend, with a mobile app that speaks to that nature. It's the next evolution of the trailblazing geolocation game that was eventually responsible for the craze that is Pokémon Go .
It is unclear when exactly Jimin wore the shirt in question, but pictures of him in it started circulating online in October. BTS, a seven-member Korean pop group, was originally scheduled to perform on TV Asahi's Music Station show on 9 November.
Scott and Nelson, meanwhile, have hired lawyers and have demanded information on those who cast provisional ballots on Tuesday. As of Thursday, razor-thin margins of less than 0.5 percentage points separated the candidates in both races .
Initially, the White House said Acosta placed his hands on an intern who attempted to take a microphone away from him. In between his calls for "respect", Trump called Acosta "unprofessional" and disparaged the reporter's intelligence.
Prime Minister Imran Khan will leave for Malaysia on a three-day visit in the third week of November, sources told ARY News on Thursday.
Even Charles' wife, Duchess Camilla Parker-Bowles, agreed that he is a great grandfather-when he's around, that is. When asked if his public campaigning would continue after he succeeds his mother, Queen Elizabeth II .
China announced earlier this year that they would allow other countries to conduct experiments on-board Tiangong . The molecules collide among themselves in the lower atmosphere that causes the Aurora.
However, United showed great resolve as they won the encounter following a superb Juan Mata free-kick as well as a last-minute own goal by Alex Sandro.
County official says reports of active shooter at school in North Carolina turn out to be malfunctioning water heater. Students were evacuated without any injuries and buses already on the way to school were diverted to a safe location.
Google said employees will now be required to undergo sexual harassment training annually, instead of the current every two years. Organizers say they intend to meet with Google execs in pursuit of getting all - not just some - of their demands met.
A man has been arrested after a deadly stabbing spree during rush hour in Melbourne's busy central business district on Friday. Melbourne was also the scene of two fatal car-ramming incidents a year ago , but neither was linked by police to terrorism.
If you are If you are registered with a GP practice in England you will have a Summary Care Record (SCR), unless you have previously chosen not to have one. It includes important information about your health:
You may need to be treated by health and care professionals that do not know your medical history. Essential details about your healthcare can be difficult to remember, particularly when you are unwell or have complex care needs. Having an SCR means that when you need healthcare you can be helped to recall vital information.
SCRs can help the staff involved in your care make better and safer decisions about how best to treat you.
You can choose to have additional information included in your SCR, which can enhance the care you receive. This information includes: · Your illnesses and health problems
Millions of readers/listeners have fallen in love with the San Francisco and Seattle Sullivans. Now get ready to fall head over heels for the New York Sullivans! World-renowned artist Drake Sullivan doesn't paint women. Ever. Not when he knows all too well just how destructive painter/muse relationships can be. But on the day Rosa Bouchard walks onto the cliffs outside his Montauk cottage, Drake is so captivated that he can't stop himself from bringing her to life on canvas. Shocked and horrified by the nude photos of her that have just hit the Internet, reality TV star Rosa's every instinct is to run from her Miami home and hide. After driving all night, she ends up in Montauk, New York, where she doesn't know a soul and plans to lie low until she can figure out how to deal with the media firestorm - and her own mother, who seems all too happy to sell out Rosa's happiness for more fame, more fans, and more money. The very last thing Rosa expects is to find, and to fall for, a sinfully sexy man like Drake Sullivan. Drake has never felt this way about anything he's painted...and he's definitely never felt this way about a woman. When they kiss, everything but sweet, breathless desire melts away. But can he convince Rosa to trust - and to love - again after such a devastating betrayal?
Bella Andre is the New York Times, USA Today, Publishers Weekly and Wall Street Journal bestselling author of “The Sullivans”, “The Morrisons” and “The Maverick Billionaires” series. Having sold more than 7 million books, Bella Andre's novels have been #1 bestsellers around the world and have appeared on the New York Times and USA Today bestseller lists 64 times. She has been the #1 Ranked Author at Amazon (on a top 10 list that included Nora Roberts, JK Rowling, James Patterson and Stephen King). Apple iBooks named her one of their “Bestselling Authors of All Time” (alongside Nicholas Sparks, Nora Roberts and EL James). And Publishers Weekly named Oak Press, the publishing company she created to publish her own books, the Fastest-Growing Independent Publisher in the US. After signing a groundbreaking 7-figure print-only deal with Harlequin MIRA, Bella's “The Sullivans” series is being released in paperback in the US, Canada, and Australia. Known for “sensual, empowered stories enveloped in heady romance” (Publishers Weekly), her books have been Cosmopolitan Magazine “Red Hot Reads” twice and have been translated into ten languages. Winner of the Award of Excellence, The Washington Post called her “One of the top writers in America”; and she has been featured in Entertainment Weekly, NPR, USA Today, Forbes, The Wall Street Journal, and TIME Magazine. A graduate of Stanford University, she has given keynote speeches at publishing conferences from Copenhagen to Berlin to San Francisco, including a standing-room-only keynote at Book Expo America in New York City. Bella also writes the New York Times bestselling Four Weddings and a Fiasco series as Lucy Kevin. Her “sweet” contemporary romances also include the new USA Today bestselling Walker Island series written as Lucy Kevin. If not behind her computer, you can find her reading her favorite authors, hiking, swimming or laughing. Married with two children, Bella splits her time between the Northern California wine country and a 100-year-old log cabin in the Adirondacks.
Eva Kaminsky is a New York born and NYC based actor and narrator. A 2014 Audie nominee, she has recorded over 150 audiobooks in many different genres ranging from Romance to Young Adult. Eva can often be heard on TV and radio commercials for such products as Intel, Publix, Neulasta and Tide, and spent her earlier years in the world of animation voicing characters for Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Pokemon, Yu-gi-oh, among many others. Recent recurring and guest appearances on television include Chicago Med, Billions, Madam Secretary, Madoff, Blindspot, and The Blacklist, and on the larger screen she can be seen in Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close, Three Generations, and Stephen King’s The Dark Tower. She has spent over 20 years working in the theatre, both on and Off Broadway, and extensively in regional theatres all over the country.
I received this audiobook as part of my participation in a blog tour with Audiobookworm Promotions. The tour is being sponsored by Bella Andre. The gifting of this audiobook did not affect my opinion of it.
Suzanne is not happy with her brothers! Gone and hired a bodyguard for her. And Roman! My goodness. It's the forbidden treasure. I love that Rose is mentioned in this book. I really liked her book. Eva Kaminsky did an amazing job narrating the audio version. I completely zone in on the audiobook. The world around me was completely gone. Like the previous book, I thoroughly enjoyed reading/listening to this book. Bella Andre, you're amazing! The writing/story was brilliant. I am very eager to read the next book. I wonder which New York Sullivan is next . . .
I am a blogger, an author, a reader, a big sister to 15+ kids, and I live on an island in between the Atlantic and the Caribbean, which I like to call Invisible Island.
I am not the average blogger/writer. I go through a lot to get things done, and sometimes they are not always what I think they are. I have to check, and re-check to make sure it is up to par. Dyslexia is not easy, but God is faithful.
How can he be described as all? How can his essence be recognized? Can anything of his affairs be understood? Can anyone replace him? Certainly not! He is like a star to the hands of the catchers! So how can they choose the imam with their fancies or how can minds determine that? Is there another like? Do you think that that is available among other than the Prophet’s progeny? By Allah their minds have cheated them and their false fancies have deluded them and so they put themselves in a very high position, from which their feet will slip to the lowest bottom.
What is asthma? Asthma is when the bronchi of the lungs spasm as a result of triggers. These spasms can cause inflammation and overproduction of mucous, making it hard to breathe. Asthma is a frightening condition, but you can take back your body with maintenance. This article will outline some hints to help you on your way to managing this chronic condition.
Clean up your house from food and water. Keep your food inside the fridge. When you let food or water sit, you are attracting small bugs and roaches, which can trigger allergic reactions. If you need to keep food outside of your fridge, consider getting a food pantry or opening your windows.
If you have asthma and you live in a cold weather environment, you may want to consider moving. It is a medical fact that cold weather triggers asthma attacks, whereas hot weather helps keep asthma attacks and symptoms in control. Places like Florida and the Caribbean have a smaller asthma population.
Beware of certain medications like aspirin and penicillin if you suffer from asthma. These medications can actually worsen your asthma symptoms or trigger an attacks. Try to use substitutions such as paracetamol when you have a headache, or you are in pain, and be sure to ask your doctor what medications are safer to take.
A healthy diet can help you to better manage your asthma. Studies have shown that processed foods, sugar, and trans fats can bring about inflammation which can trigger asthma. You don't have to cut these foods out entirely, but you should keep them to a minimum.
If you are dealing with asthma, keep far away from cigarette smoke. Do not smoke! Avoid breathing in any of the vapors or other chemical fumes. These irritants can be a trigger for a severe asthma attack. The minute you spot people smoking, immediately remove yourself from the area.
Keep your bed linens washed on at least a weekly basis. Make sure to always wash them in hot water. This will keep your bed from harboring dust mites and other allergens that can trigger an attack. Having as clean a home as possible is one of the best defenses against asthma.
If updated blog post suffer from asthma, you might want to check if you have any allergies to certain foods or your environment. There are many things that could contribute such as pets, cleaning products, feather pillows or bed, even certain perfumes. Dairy products as well as refined foods like white flour and sugar likely causes.
Acid reflux is a commonly missed diagnosis of asthma sufferers. You don't have to experience heartburn to be suffering from acid reflux. If it is causing your asthma attacks, treatment will be very different than for those whose asthma is caused by more traditional causes. Talk to your allergist or doctor if you think they may be a cause.
If you are someone who suffers from asthma, you should consider buying a dehumidifier for your home. With less humidity, there will be fewer dust mites, and that means that there is less of a chance that your asthma will flare up. A dehumidifying device reduces the moisture in the air.
Do your research. While you should always follow your doctor's orders, do not rely on them as your sole source of information. Check out or buy books on asthma and look into support forums online. Not only will you be sure to see many options for care, you doctor will appreciate having a well-informed patient.
Asthma is a disease that can develop slowly over time, making it sometimes difficult to spot the symptoms. There are some cases reported that were so severe that a person died from one asthma attack when they didn't even know they were considered at risk. It is advised that you seek out a medical professional if you ever have shortness of breath or experience constant coughing; this may be a sign that you suffer from asthma and need proper medication to prevent an asthma attack and keep your condition under control.
It is important to remain positive and optimistic as much as possible. Stress and worry can cause asthma symptoms to flare up, Make sure you try to keep your daily life balanced and stress free as much as possible. There will always be https://twitter.com/vivaa2015 that cause stress, but it is just important to do what you can to minimize stress and worry.
Asthma is commonly linked to allergies. People with allergies tend to develop asthma more often than people who do not, and also allergic reactions can serve as triggers for asthma attacks. It is therefore important to have your allergies properly diagnosed, and more specifically to be aware of which allergens you have to watch out for. This knowledge will allow you to avoid situations where you could be at risk of an asthma attack.
Even if your asthma symptoms have not been acting up, it is important that you still see your doctor every 6 months. Sometimes, your doctor may want to run tests to check your breathing development. If things have gotten better, he may reduce your treatments or keep them the same.
One important thing to remember when it comes to asthma is that different triggers are more or less severe for different people. While tobacco smoke may trigger a severe outbreak in one, it causes nothing in the other. As such work with your doctor to determine which triggers you need to avoid.
Try to identify situations that trigger your asthma attacks and avoid them. Some people tend to have noticeable triggers such as too much excitement, allergic reactions that cause breathing problems or a change of environment. If you can identify some of your triggers, try to avoid them to manage your asthma.
If asthma is really severely impacting your life consider joining a support group for asthma sufferers. Read the Full Piece of writing will help you know that you are not alone. Often times feeling alone you may become depressed in unable to follow doctors instructions, and, or, keep doctors appointments. As such https://www.prevention.com/health/g20450767/how-to-prevent-breast-cancer/ of your care will go down. A support group will help prevent this.
Watch your children closely for allergic reactions when they are eating new foods. If you see signs of breathing problems or hives in your children after they eat, seek medical attention. Food allergies are often a sign that a child may develop asthma.
To live and cope with the symptoms of asthma, your physician can opt to write you a prescription for medicated inhalers and oral solutions. As part of your therapy, you can take the next steps yourself by using the advice and information that you have just read about to combat asthma.
One of the first steps is to find valuable websites and online platforms that allow you to highlight your site’s URL in one way or another. To save you the effort we have compiled a list of great places for promoting online content. These links will help you establish your online presence one by one whereas some work with a simple URL submission while others require a more strategic approach, but they all share one thing…they are free!
Ranging from the most high-profile platforms to local directories, these websites cover a range of audiences. The flow is pretty much the same – you submit your website’s URL, as well as additional information about your business. These sites will then incorporate your information to their data banks, ensuring that your link is there when users are searching your content categories. In addition by adding your links to these directories will naturally improves your websites Search Engine Optimisation and your website’s ranking on search results.
We all know of Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn but are you using them correctly to promote your site? Have you considered the advantages of Pinterest or Instagram for instance?
There are also user-generated content like guides and tutorials on sites like WikiHow? The links listed below can all prove extremely useful for promoting your website.
While these websites also operate on the basis of link-submission, the emphasis here is on content. You could submit a link to the main page as well as to individual pages, products, posts, images etc. These platforms then circulate your content to their audience base and drive traffic into your site, while also helping to boost your SEO by connecting your links to textual descriptive content.
How to promote your website is going to be a challenge and there are many ways in which this can be achieved but by following these steps you will be able to enhance your website traffic.
MARKETING YOUR BUSINESS THROUGH YOUTUBE When someone mentions social media as a business tool, most…
The Amundsen Sea Low (ASL) is a climatological low pressure center located over the extreme southern Pacific Ocean, off the coast of West Antarctica. Atmospheric variability in this region is larger than anywhere else in the Southern Hemisphere, and exhibits significant correlations with both...
This dataset consists of seasonally resolved timeseries of surface pressure at 18 Antarctic research stations, spanning 1905-2013. Routine meteorological observations began at most of these stations only around 1960, leaving a very short instrumental record on which to assess Antarctic...
The station-based index of the Southern Annular Mode (SAM) is based on the zonal pressure difference between the latitudes of 40S and 65S. As such, the SAM index measures a "see-saw" of atmospheric mass between the middle and high latitudes of the Southern Hemisphere. Positive values of...
The merged Hadley-OI sea surface temperature (SST) and sea ice concentration (SIC) data sets were specifically developed as surface forcing data sets for AMIP style uncoupled simulations of the Community Atmosphere Model (CAM). The Hadley Centre's SST/SIC version 1.1 (HADISST1), which is derived...
This data set summarizes the original observation-based mean fluxes of Water and Energy Budget (WEB) components during the first decade of the 21st century (specifically: 1998-2010), for each continent and ocean basin. These data are summarized on both monthly and annual scales, as well as...
The sea ice data derived from AMSR-E using the ARTIST sea ice (ASI) algorithm offer a factor of 4 finer spatial resolution than most sea ice data sets from passive microwave satellite instruments. ASI is based on the difference of vertically and horizontally polarized brightness temperatures at 89...
Spanning 1871-present at monthly timesteps, HadISST provides the longest gridded sea ice data available for both the Arctic and Antarctic. It is a 1° x 1° spatially infilled data set that is It is intended as a consistent analyses for input into SST analyses or as boundary conditions for models....
Bootstrap sea ice refers to a well-known algorithm used to estimate sea ice concentration from passive microwave brightness temperatures. It can be applied to data from many satellite instruments, such as SMMR, SSMI, and AMSR-E. This page discusses the algorithm itself and the long-term data set ("...
NASA Team sea ice refers to a well-known algorithm used to estimate sea ice concentration from passive microwave brightness temperatures. This page discusses the algorithm itself and the long-term data set ("NSIDC 0051") produced by scientists at NASA Goddard and distributed by NSIDC. The NASA Team...
The AMSR-E/NASA Team 2 (NT2) data set of Arctic and Antarctic sea ice concentration is available at daily timesteps and 12.5 km (optionally 25km) spatial resolution for 2002-2011. NT2, an extension of the original NASA Team algorithm, uses AMSR-E 89GHz channels to help resolve ambiguity between low...
The NASA Team 2 (NT2) / SSMI data set of Arctic and Antarctic sea ice concentration is available at daily timesteps and 25km spatial resolution for 1992-2008. NT2, an extension of the original NASA Team algorithm, uses SSMI 85GHz channels to help resolve ambiguity between low ice concentrations and...
The NOAA Optimal Interpolation (OI) v2 sea ice data set contains gridded, weekly or monthly resolution sea ice concentration estimates for both the Northern and Southern Hemispheres. It is intended as a consistent analyses for input into SST analyses (and is the basis for calculating SSTs in sea...
Sea ice concentration is both an indicator and driver of high-latitude climate change with strong societal and ecological importance. It is a key boundary condition for atmospheric models (including those used in atmospheric reanalyses) and a benchmark for coupled climate models. As such, numerous...
The NOAA/NSIDC Climate Data Record (CDR) of sea ice concentration is available at 25 x 25 km spatial resolution in daily or monthly timesteps for 1987-2014. It provides a consistent interpretation of sea ice for the satellite record, with the intent of being suitable for studies of climate...
While satellite observations of sea ice extent and concentration are available from 1979, long-term high quality (daily and high spatial resolution) observations of sea ice thickness remain limited as a result of few satellite and in situ observations. Reconstructions using numerous observational...
The dynamics of the Southern Hemisphere westerly jet are described in terms of two indices, jet strength and jet latitude. Here, these indices are defined using the ERA-Interim reanalysis, although other datasets, including climate models, could be used. Although closely linked with the...
The Southern Ocean State Estimate (SOSE) is a model-generated best fit to Southern Ocean observations. As such, it provides a quantitatively useful climatology of the mean-state of the Southern Ocean. Technically, SOSE is a solution to the MITgcm. SOSE is a gridded dataset at 1/6...
The National Center for Atmospheric Research is sponsored by the National Science Foundation. Any opinions, findings and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation.
Measuring the Feasibility and the Effects of Chair Massage on Pain and Discomfort in the Cardiac Sonographer - Full Text View - ClinicalTrials.gov
Study record managers: refer to the Data Element Definitions if submitting registration or results information.
Measuring the Feasibility and the Effects of Chair Massage on Pain and Discomfort in the Cardiac Sonographer
The safety and scientific validity of this study is the responsibility of the study sponsor and investigators. Listing a study does not mean it has been evaluated by the U.S. Federal Government. Read our disclaimer for details.
The purpose of this study is to determine whether the effects of chair massage and/or chair massage with stretching may reduce musculoskeletal pain and discomfort related symptoms associated with the job duties of a cardiac sonographer.
Staff performing echocardiography exams work in a physically demanding environment. The physical and psychosocial demands of the work environment place a significant amount of stress on the physical well being of the employee. The nature of the work involved includes repetitive movements and static holds while applying intense pressure. These compounded by a challenging ergonomic work environment, often leads to physical tension, pain, and fatigue. Staff and patient characteristics, in particular obesity, present greater ergonomic challenges. In this setting, optimal ergonomics can be difficult to achieve. Repetitive actions in an ergonomically challenging environment can have an accumulative effect that can lead to injury.
Massage therapy has been noted to decrease levels of anxiety and fatigue which is essential to maintaining efficient care in a dynamic environment. Repetitive use, typically leads to shortened, tight muscles that fatigue over time. Once the massage therapy has released the connective tissue tension and restored muscle imbalances, exercise focused on core, trunk strength and those muscles which oppose the repetitively used muscles can further assist the therapeutic benefits of massage.
The cardiac sonographer is usually sitting and reaching forward or to the side, and the musculoskeletal imbalances show up primarily superior to the hips. Massage Therapy research for alleviating musculoskeletal symptoms has been with the use of table massage whereas chair massage research has focused on gaining physiological benefits. Chair massage therapy impacts the head, back, neck shoulders, arms and hands so does impact the areas of musculoskeletal imbalance of the cardiac sonographer. In addition, a massage chair is easy to set up, does not need a great deal of space, and can be provided in semi-private area, as the participant remains clothed. Chair massage literature to date has focused more on physiological responses and albeit positive, not as much on musculoskeletal responses.
Official Title: Measuring the Feasibility and the Effects of Chair Massage on Pain and Discomfort in the Cardiac Sonographer - A Pilot Study
Chair massage for 30 minutes once a week in addition to stretching exercises, to be done twice daily for 20 minutes.
Assess the ease and feasibility of providing chair massage therapy in a busy echocardiography exam setting. Compare and contrast the level of pain and discomfort in cardiac sonography staff with three groups over three different time frames. [ Time Frame: 10 Weeks ]
Assess the impact on co-workers as massage therapy is provided during the workday and its effects on workflow. [ Time Frame: 10 Weeks ]
Compare the level of fatigue, stress, anxiety, and relaxation in cardiac sonography staff in each of the 3-arms of the study. [ Time Frame: 10 Weeks ]
Choosing to participate in a study is an important personal decision. Talk with your doctor and family members or friends about deciding to join a study. To learn more about this study, you or your doctor may contact the study research staff using the contacts provided below. For general information, Learn About Clinical Studies.
Cardiac Sonographer that, per their job descriptions, are performing echocardiography exams during the weeks of the massage therapy pilot study.
To learn more about this study, you or your doctor may contact the study research staff using the contact information provided by the sponsor.
The web site is no longer updated and links to external web sites and some internal pages will not work.
This Statement of Administration Policy provides the Administration's views on H.R. 2016, the Military Construction Appropriations Bill, FY 1998, as reported by the Senate Appropriations Committee. Your consideration of the Administration's views would be appreciated.
The Administration objects to the reallocation of national defense funds from Department of Energy programs to Department of Defense programs, including military construction programs, an action that we believe is an unacceptable deviation from our understanding of the Bipartisan Budget Agreement.
The Committee has added $955 million to the President's request, for 103 specific unrequested projects and other programs, partially offset by $155 million in reductions to requested programs and other adjustments. Although much of the unrequested funding is for items that are consistent with DOD's long-range military construction plans, $116 million would be used for low priority items that are not in DOD's long-range plans. It is particularly unfortunate that funding for the projects that are not in DOD's long-range plans has been added at the expense of higher priority programs in the President's request. The Administration believes that unrequested funding should be deleted, and funding for requested programs should be restored.
Appropriation of only $36 million of the $63 million requested for construction of the U.S. Disciplinary Barracks at Ft. Leavenworth, Kansas. The Administration opposes incremental funding of this project and urges the Senate to provide the full amount of the request.
Failure to include requested authority that would enable the Secretary of Defense to transfer appropriations within the appropriation accounts in the Military Construction Appropriations Act. Similar transfer authority in Defense Appropriations Acts has been used with great success to meet unplanned requirements, without reducing the opportunity for congressional oversight.
Reduction of $11 million from the $30 million request for Defense-wide planning and design. This reduction would delay construction of many of the strategic fuel storage projects that are required to meet operating plans.
Eponimo is not yet directly available on Clippings. However we can source this product for trade customers only through official dealers
Clippings Ltd. Registered in England and Wales at Unit 407 Curtain House, 134-146 Curtain Road, London, EC2A 3AR
I waited all week long just for this day. The 30% off store wide holiday sale had finally arrived. I swerved into a distant parking space and power walked into the store. Ready for battle, I rolled my basket into position I was ready to get to work. I carefully walked up and down each […]
This year I’m waiting for my ship to come in. I’m expecting great things and pray for all the best both God and life has to offer. Happy New Years Welcome to 2014!
The department's antitrust unit is actively investigating 'the possibility of anticompetitive practices in the credit derivatives clearing, trading and information services industries,' according to a department spokeswoman. When trading in Pair options, traders can manage risk by developing plan on when and how much to invest in a given trade. Attention to detail and ability to prioritize tasks. In this post, report employment scams, you will find 53 legitimate ways to earn money online working from home, from making money with affiliate programs, blogging and freelancing to report employment scams money on eBay, report employment scams, online surveys, GPT programs and many easy ways to make money fast More How to make money online without spending money More Get Started with Immediate Income Streams: payday loans in delaware laws. Millbrae, CA 65 friends 9 reviews Compliment Send message Follow matthew y. Trans Bay Steel, Inc. Welcome ATTENTION: Please read this if it is your first time. The doors opened and in we went.
Thats what I've heard If it makes you feel better, pilots dont get paid for half the finding work boring we. Answer: The CPU has an internal clock that synchronizes all of the operations in the cycle and the clock speed helps to determine the speed at which operations are carried. He works in the industry in Cape Town, he says last week of February will not be allowed to have dip reports employment scams to be deposited into TFSA as far as he understands. Or use the list as supporting documentation for a Work-At-Home Proposal to your boss. The Journal of Economic Perspectives, report employment scams. That is disappearing with these FBT changes. However, it's definitely NOT true that you have to struggle for a long time before you "get" it. Weegy: Answer user questions and get paid per question.
Needless to say there were many of times trucks would come out of the shop and a major component like a transmission would have a zero mile failure on it. I did this and I am where I am today because of that, report employment scams. But there are many brokerage choices available now for those looking to begin in options trading, report employment scams. Rate commodity futures trading room. There are a lot of companies, and the same lack of protection applies as above - so be very diligent in checking, as the amount you could lose is huge. This basically turns your chance into zero. S government to say they will cast a watchful eye on Now if the economy will turn around so people will spend money on their vehicles. You should never have to use your own to report employment scams up. I report employment scams that almost no one predicted that this show to be completely amazing and it's been one hell of a ride for the its entire twelve episodes run. Safety and Occupational Health Specialists - You will conduct inspections and perform other related duties to enforce Federal safety and health standards, utilizing a practical knowledge of engineering and scientific principles.
FCRA Network recommends Celer Soluciones for international industry-specific translations. Adapting information to its target readership is essential for successful communication. Celer’s specialised translation service is provided by teams of experts who, besides possessing excellent language skills, are trained in, and have professional experience of, each field of activity.
As a partner of FCRA Network you have access to volume pricing benefits by mentioning product code “FCRA preferential” to the Celer account manager.
In most countries anything related to life sciences is subject to a very strict regulatory framework. The translation of medical and pharmaceutical documents needs to observe the rules set by this framework. In addition to complying with this requisite, which is often absent or less crucial in other fields of specialisation, the accuracy and the faithful representation of the original takes on the utmost importance in this area as it is our own health that could be at stake
At Celer Soluciones they have a fantastic team of medical translators who combine superb language skills with medical qualifications and experience in clinical practice. We also have translators with professional experience in the areas of pharmacology and veterinary medicine. If you care about an accurate representation of the original in your life science documents, choose Celer for their expertise.
This Ti-Lock from Chris Reeve features a tumble finish drop point blade. The handle is comprised of titanium scales with "steam punk" engraving. Includes original box and paperwork. Excellent+ condition.
Some books, critics say, are simply unfilmable. And it’s true — until, of course, they get filmed. This year, we feel like we can’t turn around without running into a new film adaptation of a book that has, until now, been generally agreed to be too stylistically complex, too structurally strange, too epic in proportion for the big screen. While we’re still waiting on Pale Fire and 100 Years of Solitude, we’re getting two in the next two weeks alone: Cloud Atlas and Midnight’s Children. Inspired by this turn of events, we’ve put together a list of a few supposedly unfilmable books that have been adapted into films against all odds — some with great success, and others with, well, less success. Read our list after the jump, and add your own unfilmable favorites in the comments!
“As I was writing Cloud Atlas,” David Mitchell told The New Yorker, “I thought, ‘It’s a shame this is unfilmable.'” And he’s not just being modest. Indeed, the book seems a tough sell for adaptation — as you probably know by now, even if you haven’t read it, the structure is like that of a mirrored pyramid or a circle: the six storylines build chronologically towards the pinnacle of the furthest future, then march back down the other side, the book ending with the second half of the story the reader began some 500 pages before. But the Wachowskis and Tom Tykwer, with some small (okay, enormous) tweaks in structure, managed to make it work — and the result is pretty astounding.
The item The midwife's apprentice, by Karen Cushman represents a specific, individual, material embodiment of a distinct intellectual or artistic creation found in Hagerstown Jefferson Township Public Library.
In medieval England, a nameless, homeless girl is taken in by a sharp-tempered midwife, and in spite of obstacles and hardship, eventually gains the three things she most wants: a full belly, a contented heart, and a place in this world
They want to appoint the imam with confused or inactive minds and deviating thoughts; therefore, they become too far away from him (the imam). They look forward to unattainable thing, say false thing and go astray too far and then they fall into confusion when they turn away from the imam knowingly and when the Satan has encrusted their bad deeds to them to take them away from the straight path. They turn away from the choice of Allah, His messenger and Ahlul Bayt and cling to their own choice whereas Allah has said,
“And your Lord creates and chooses whom He pleases; to choose is not theirs; glory be to Allah, and exalted be He above what they associate with Him.”14
And it behooves not a believing man and a believing woman that they should have any choice in their matter when Allah and His Messenger have decided a matter.”15 And, “What has happened to you? How do you judge?
Or have you received from Us an agreement confirmed by an oath extending to the Day of Resurrection that you shall surely have what you demand?
And if Allah had known any good in them He would have made them hear, and if He makes them hear they would turn back while they withdraw,”19
The FIA was established in 1972 in accordance with the FIA Act 1971. The Institute was founded with 123 members of whom 71 were Chartered Accountants with other professional accountancy bodies, and 52 were licensed accountants. The first Provisional Member was admitted in November 1974 and the first Affiliate Accountant in February 1983.
A nine-member Council governs the Institute. The Institute President and Vice President head the Council. Council members are elected by the members at the Institute’s Annual General Meeting, in accordance with the procedures prescribed in the FIA Act 1971 and FIA Rules. The Council appoints members of the Institute’s various Committees.
In contrast to the professional accountancy bodies of many other developing countries – which are financially dependent on training income – FIA derives much of its revenues from admission and membership fees and from the FIA Annual Congress.
Stuart has been providing tax advice to expatriates since 1994 - primarily within the 'big four' accountancy environment. Having spent 10 years providing UK and US expatriate tax advice for KPMG and Arthur Andersen when based in London, in 2004 he moved to New Zealand where he headed up the Wellington expatriate tax group for PWC.
He has developed an extensive network of contacts around the globe, and is able to provide advice in relation to UK, NZ and US tax issues locally, as well as providing introductions to tax experts in other jurisdictions.
The page you have requested is not available. You can search it from the WedTool home page or get it contact with us
How can they choose the imam? An imam is a savant that does not ignore and a guardian that does not wrong. He is the essence of holiness, purity, asceticism, knowledge and worship. He is appointed by the Prophet (S) via revelation. He is from the progeny of the pure Batool22 (as).
Get-Paid-At-Home.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.
As the general editor, I am pleased to announce the new Journal of Chinese History, which will be published by Cambridge University Press Journals in two issues a year, beginning in January 2017. Full.... Read More >
The 2016 Annual Conference will be held at Robinson College, University of Cambridge, Friday 1 – Sunday 3 April 2016. As can be seen from the College.... Read More >
so....my internet was being slow, and I was being impatient....so I posted three times....how do I delete two of them.
We've made a couple of updates to the OpenCart Extension Store & notifications which will help you increase the number of cross-sales that you get from your extensions.
When you edit one of your extensions you will now need to add a reason for the edit before you can submit the changes. If you choose to notify users of your extension, this update will be included in the notification email that will be sent to users who have purchased your extension. This email is now designed to match the OpenCart branding and will include links to other extensions that you have, encouraging users to click-through and purchase more extensions from you. Purchased extension receipt emails will also now include links to your other modules.
I seen the new field appear yesterday and thought that was a nice addition. It saves developers from having to use the extension comment section to post the changes.
I'm glad to see that OpenCart is starting to focus some of their resources on improving the OpenCart Extension Store. The changes that have been implemented recently are definitely a step in the right direction.
Modify the Request Support link to send the support request directly to the developer. A lot of customers assume this is how it works, but instead they're sent to the OpenCart support team. We are then copied on the support ticket by the OpenCart support team. This would save the OpenCart support team the headache of having to play the middle man, as well as reduce the support wait time for customers.
Has the OpenCart team looked at further improving the extension tags system with the recommendations made in the thread created by James? Unfortunately some developers are still stuffing their extension tags with irrelevant phrases to boost their search position.
Totally agree with the improvements that Joel has recommended above. I've lost count of the number of times I've had tickets from opencart sent to me, days after I've solved it with the customer directly. It's a hindrance, not a help
Glad to hear the e-mail system is now sending cross-sale data when updating. Would be nice to see what this looks like exactly. My only concern will be people misusing the updates to hound customers about their extensions basically, and them being blocked for all of us developers
SEO URL's Route Editor PRO - Make ANY url on your site have clean keywords - even third party extensions (remove index.php)
256 characters is pretty short for additional text, though. It's not very useful to add information with more space than that.
JAY6390 wrote: My only concern will be people misusing the updates to hound customers about their extensions basically, and them being blocked for all of us developers
Perhaps the cross selling should be left out of the extension update notifications, but kept on the purchase confirmation email? It makes more sense to promote additional extensions after a customer has completed a purchase, rather than when the customer receives an extension update notification.
I just want to post the release notes for my updates....but I've trimmed it down to just a single link, so I guess it works.
Has anyone seen one of these update e-mails yet? Wouldn't mind seeing what a customer will get. Would be nice if the dev is copied into the emails too so they can check it's worked and got all the info
What has happened with the sortorder of the extensions? Usually the latest modified/added were shown first. Now they seems to be messed up all together. If you try to browse the extensions the same extension will appear on several places.
thbr02 wrote: What has happened with the sortorder of the extensions? Usually the latest modified/added were shown first. Now they seems to be messed up all together. If you try to browse the extensions the same extension will appear on several places.
They finally removed the default sort of "Recently Modified" so lamers can stop updating their mods every 24 hours to get back on the first page for 2 minutes. Now the first page is randomized.
But the recently modified link's first state is "ASC" which can be confusing since it would make more sense for it to be DESC on the first click. For now people need to click it twice to see their recently modified mods show up.
nice updates, but I can see that you have updated the email for "new comments" and "extension purchased" notification as well.
May I suggest to include again the "Reply-to" field, as now when I receive an email saying that someone has commented on our module I cannot use the "Reply" button as this is going to support@opencart.com?
Power Image Manager | Multi Image uploader | Bulk Update Products to Categories | Bulk Update Orders
The new comment email is a bit annoying now that we cannot reply directly to the user anymore. At the very least we need a system that allows use to email a response, like zen-desk does.. so that we can reply to the email and it will update the comment reply with the message. It is too cumbersome to have to login to the site everytime, and a lot of times the comment is something specific that doesn't need to clutter up the public comment area, making it hard for customers to sift through common questions and answers.
Qphoria wrote: At the very least we need a system that allows use to email a response, like zen-desk does.. so that we can reply to the email and it will update the comment reply with the message.
Agree with the above. I also don't see why the emails are sent in HTML with tracking links. The old style used to work. Now every time I get an email regarding OC comments my email software thinks it's spam. I don't understand why these pretty useless changes are being added in place of some actual functionality that we could actually benefit from. One of my main gripes is the comment box that is still at the bottom of the page while the actual comments show in reverse order. This means if you want to read what someone said, you have to scroll through a bunch of comments to see it, then scroll back down to type your comments
JAY6390 wrote: One of my main gripes is the comment box that is still at the bottom of the page while the actual comments show in reverse order. This means if you want to read what someone said, you have to scroll through a bunch of comments to see it, then scroll back down to type your comments
The link to the extension page in the comment notification email is no longer a live link. Can this be restored back to the way it was previously?
Also, could the order notification emails be updated with a reply-to to the customer's email address? This would allow developers to setup an autoreply to let the customer know who to contact if they have any questions. This would help reduce the number of customers going through the OpenCart support system for help.
Please, for the love of god, make the Reason field NOT mandatory! It's extremely annoying to enter something in this field, when you do several updates in a row. For example, when you change description, then logos, then upload file, etc. This is a pretty common situation, I do this often to keep session active, while fixing errors, checking how description looks etc. Captcha is already quite enough to annoy yourself to death, when you need to do multiple updates.
czorny wrote: Please, for the love of god, make the Reason field NOT mandatory! It's extremely annoying to enter something in this field, when you do several updates in a row. For example, when you change description, then logos, then upload file, etc. This is a pretty common situation, I do this often to keep session active, while fixing errors, checking how description looks etc. Captcha is already quite enough to annoy yourself to death, when you need to do multiple updates.
I definitely agree on this point of view. this captcha stuff is already enough mandating contributors to fill. Instead, the OC team should rather consider to log the date and time of every time the form was saved and if they want how many times in day on the back-end for all we'd care. At least, it won't be on the front-end as a mandatory field.
The most generated errors being found on Opencart forum originates from contributed programming. The increased counters are caused by posted redundancies of the same solutions that were already provided prior.
Saivam is the very ancient religion of this world. Shiva worship has proof of existance on period of Harappa and Mohanjatharo civilization (before 5000 years) itself. He has no begin or end, he is Anathi,Agandam(infinite),Anantham(happyness),Apoorvam. They are in two main divisions: the 64 Kashmir Saiva Agamas and the 28 Saiva Siddhanta Agamas. Vetham Nanginum meiporulaavathu Nathan namam namashivaayavey. {sarvam shiva mayam}
© 2006 esaivam | Adiyaarku Adiyen by Esaivam. No part of the content or the blog may be reproduced without prior written permission.
Allah grants the prophets and imams (peace be upon them) with His knowledge and wisdom, which He does not grant anyone else than them with. Hence their knowledge is above the knowledge of the people of every age. Allah says,
“Is He then Who guides to the truth more worthy to be followed, or he who himself does not go aright unless he is guided? What then is the matter with you; how do you judge,”23
“Surely Allah has chosen him in preference to you, and He has increased him abundantly in knowledge and physique, and Allah grants His kingdom to whom He pleases, and Allah is Ample-giving, Knowing.”25
“…and Allah has revealed to you the Book and the wisdom, and He has taught you what you did not know, and Allah's grace on you is very great.”26
“Or do they envy the people for what Allah has given them of His grace? But indeed We have given to Ibraheem’s children the Book and the wisdom, and We have given them a grand kingdom.
So of them is he who believes in him and of them is he who turns away from him, and hell is sufficient to burn.”27
If Allah chooses someone to run the affairs of His people, He will delight his heart to be ready to that, grant him with wisdom and inspire him with knowledge that he will never fail to answer any question. Allah assists him and makes him infallible that he does never fall into error, fault or mistake. Allah grants him with all of that to be His authority over His people.
“… that is the grace of Allah: He gives it to whom He pleases, and Allah is the Lord of mighty grace.”28
After all, can they be fit to choose such an imam? Can their chosen imam be with all these virtues that Allah has granted to the imams, whom He has chosen? By the House of Allah, they have trespassed the truth and turned their backs to the holy Book of Allah indifferently. The Book of Allah has the remedy and the guidance but they have neglected it and followed their fancies; therefore Allah has dispraised them, detested them and has made them wretched. Allah has said,
“…and who is more erring than he who follows his low desires without any guidance from Allah? Surely Allah does not guide the unjust people,”29
“…greatly hated is it by Allah and by-those who believe. Thus does Allah set a seal over the heart of every proud, haughty one.31”32
(7) Muhammad bin Yahya narrated from Ahmad bin Muhammad bin Eessa from al-Hasan bin Mahboob from Iss’haq bin Ghalib that Abu Abdullah as-Sadiq (as) had said in one of his speeches when describing the imams:
“Allah the Almighty has declared his religion with the guiding imams of the Prophet’s family (as). He has shone His divine method with them and has uncovered to them the hidden springs of His knowledge. Whoever of Muhammad’s nation knows the right of his imam will taste the sweetness of his faith and find the virtue of the comeliness of his religion. Allah has appointed the imam as a sign to His people and has made him the authority over the believers. Allah has put on the imam’s head the crown of gravity and has shed upon him some of His light. He is the means between the Heaven and people. Nothing of the blessings of Allah is gained except by the means of the imam. Allah does not accept the deeds of His people without regarding (the right of) their imam.
会议 | Maritime knowledge for Asian Seas: An interdisciplinary dialogue between maritime historians and archaeologists
energy efficient koyo 24026rhk30w33 bearing precision in Australia Our bearings qualified rate reach more than 99.2% every year.And bearing is considered the most
24026RHK30W33 KOYO FAG bearing. KOYO bearing comapny was established in 1921 in Japan, stands for the development and manufacture of needle bearing. 24026RHK30W33
Koyo is the JTEKT Corporation brand for Bearings. JTEKT engineering and manufacturing capabilities range from super large bearings with outer diameters of seven
energy efficient koyo 24026rhk30w33 bearing precision in Australia Our bearings qualified rate reach more than 99.2% every year.And bearing is considered the most .
With a long history of koyo bearing, and his quality also is very good, is also one of our company's key koyo bearing, if you have interest can contact with uspage20
Koyo 7001CDB bearing competitive price are widely used in industrial drive, agriculture, compressors, motors and generators, construction, industrial fan
Online shopping for Industrial Scientific from a great selection of Tapered Roller Bearings, Spherical Roller Bearings, Cylindrical Roller Bearings more at
energy efficient koyo 24026rhk30w33 bearing precision in Australia Our bearings qualified rate reach more than 99.2% every year.And bearing is considered the most.
The Gainesville Fine Arts Association (GFAA) has announced the return of one of their most popular events, their Artist Studio Tour on the weekend of July 14th-15th, 2018, from 10:00 AM to 5:00 PM.
This free event, open to the public, is a self-guided tour through working artist studios in and around Gainesville, showcasing fine art and fine craft in a wide range of media and styles. This year the tour is featuring over 20 artists. Visitors will have the opportunity to meet the artists and visit their creative spaces to gain a better understanding of their process through examples and impromptu demonstrations. The GFAA Artist Studio Tour will provide visitors with opportunities to view and purchase a wide range of original work directly from the artist.
For details about this year’s participating artists and map of the studio locations, please go to https://www.gfaastudiotour.org/. Brochures and maps can also be picked up at any participating studio and at GFAA’s gallery at 1314 South Main Street in Gainesville, in the South Main District, south of the new Cade Museum.
Previous : AxoGen Chairman and CEO Karen Zaderej Named Entrepreneur Of The Year 2018 Award Winner in Florida
Synopsis: Raúl lives alone and works at a hardware store. Unhappy with the way his life has turned out, he waits for something or someone to come along and change it. One day, he notices a Chinese girl outside the store. She sits there for hours and Raúl’s curiosity is finally aroused. It turns out the girl doesn’t speak a word of Spanish ―hence the title―, but as they get to know each other, Raúl learns that Lian has entered Colombia illegally in the hope of eventually making it to the United States. The love affair they embark on will prompt Raúl to stop procrastinating
This event is funded in part by a Tourist Development Tax Grant from the Alachua County Board of County Commissioners in conjunction with the Alachua County Tourist Development Council and by the City of Gainesville, Parks, Recreation and Cultural Affairs Department.
Well i wasnt that surprise to see her, honestly i saw glimpse of it, but i need to know what she is and i need to hear it from her mouth, in order to reduce my thinking i order for one bott’e of star even though i nor dey drink before, but this time i need something more than hot, and since i dey the right place i just cucuma start drinking without thinking.
Guy 2: guy na me you dey talk to, look me well oh i resemble your mate, because of say i sit down here with you you come get mind to dey yarn for were big bros like me dey talk.
Guy 1: abeg shot up for there, wether you be old man or not, so far me and you dey here together we be mate.
Guy 1: guy u nor fit do more than a dead rat, do your worse (standing up and pulling his shirt, ready for fight) the other guy took star bottle and throw it at the other guy, the bros bend down and dodge it, the bottle flew and smash the back of my head, i didnt even feel any pain at all, no injury nothing at all, after i check the back of my head i see say no blood, no scratch and no sign of injury, i stood up and ask.
Well i dont know what happened but i know Adanna play a role in it, not withstanding i finish my drink, called the barman from inside and pay my bill.
Lol the guy dey craze, why im wan para for my head na, i left the place by 7:45 i took my phone and started chatting with my friends in school, we gist about alot of things, and i still dey road, i continue chatting and laughing like a madman, you know sometimes, the light of your phone will dim your eye that you wont know where you are going again, na so i dey chat dey go then kpooarr i fall inside gutter and injure my leg i wonder why adanna no protect me this time,
I reach my house around 7:50 i enter my room jejeje i lock my door, i remove the chain and hang it on the wall i remove my clothes remaining only boxer and singlet, i lay down on my bed, thinking over the whole issue, well i dont know how we started but i know how we will end, is either we marry each other or we both die, i smile as i think about her, i will proudly take her to my mum and show her the beautiful angel i will marry, and no body, i repeat nobody will stop me from marrying the girl of my dream, i continue thinking about her and my joy continue rising, the thing is that am not myself anymore, her smile, her lips and her breath infact everything about her brings me closer to her, when i remember how she smile when she look at me on the road, oboy my head wan scatter, but wait oh, why was she at the middle and why was she the only with a crown, well i guess i have to wait for her to get those answers, i was lost in my thought when a test enter my phone.
“you brought your witch girlfriend to kill my boyfriend and his friend abi, dont worry i will show you pepper and i will tell you that we owns this aba, if you dont know, my father was part of the men that terrorise aba in 2005 and 2006, i still have contact with all his friend and am going to show you pepper that you will run back to that your f—–g edo state.”
Discuss educational related issues, various educational institutions and universities, books and other academic works
Nothing comes without a price being paid for it, even the holiest of things. Being a first class graduate comes with a cost. Going to heaven also has a price to be paid for to attain it.
In this world, there are prices one has to pay for every level one attain in life. Even the simplest of achievement comes with a cost. These costs ranges from hard work, failures,long suffering, dejection, bankruptcy,depression ……
Envisioning the perils that comes with success, you may want to opt for a reverse of it but success is never an option. You aim for failure and still pay price for it, and that is reality.
Not many would say they are aspiring to fail. Infact we often see those on the streets selling and doing menial jobs as failures. Thanks to old policy makers at the top, you might often see a first class student doing jobs by the streetside. Are they failures? Was it their aim to be on the street?
Various worshipper might say it’s not fair that some suffer by the street while others seem to enjoy this world. It’s not fair but it’s just what was meant to be. The thing is, we will pay for our actions afterlife and would be judged by what we use our resources to do – whether poor or rich.
Being in heaven is a success for christians, let me shock those who are rich and aspire to land in heaven. If you are rich and envision going to heaven, you have to strip off your riches. When Jesus said that a rich man going to heaven is as hard as trying to pass a bull’s head through the hole of a needle.
This doesn’t make sense for many but certainly a bull’s head going through an needle’s hole is impossible. Therefore a rich man attaining heaven is definitely impossible. Day in and out Christians really don’t put much importance the what heaven really is. They see it as an end point of ALL christians, it’s definitely not so.
To be sincere it may be only 0.000001% of Nigerians since 1960 that may attain there, it’s a golden race that comes with a cost.
A rich man stripping his wealth means that he/she has to sacrifice almost all of his wealth for services of God’s kingdom( like helping the sick,poor…). In addition to this, he has to sacrifice all of his/her existence to the work of God. That makes him ordinary, and these are the true aspirers of heaven.
One thing most people don’t know is that in life, it is necessary to sacrifice your skills and knowledge. Living on earth truly comes with a price. Don’t you think you are cheating the future generations by not making a meaningful impact on earth with your skills and knowledge.
Take for instance, do you think downturn in Nigeria started out of nothing. It started when somewhere in Nigeria, someone in one corner refuses to impact his knowledge on what is good. It may be decision making or someone in the graveyard haven refused to utilize his/her endowed skill.
God created everybody with special unique capabilities, and all of it was meant to be used for success.
Many seek success, but few are willing to make the necessary investment in order to secure it. Are you one who want pay for it? The following steps can help you overcome the price of success easily:
Write down every step that is required by you to complete your target. The more detailed and focused, the more accurate in preparation
Have deadlines for today, for this week, for this month, for 90 days time, 6 months’ time and even 12 months’ time.
The deadlines that are written down create a pressure in you, that when applied to your life surge creativity in you.
We do vision dreams, make out goals and set out to achieve them, because we want to shine like stars on earth. We feel excited by our imaginations, but never forget that there will be dark days ahead.
There will be days we will feel lost, that is when hope is needed most. Keep it alive, because we have to be greater than what we suffer.
The imam is able to answer all the vague problems and is aware of all the ambiguous issues of the Sharia and the confusing questions of religion. Allah has chosen for His people the infallible imams from the descendants of al-Husayn (as) one after the other. He has been pleased with them and He has accepted them for His people. Whenever an imam goes to the better world, Allah appoints another as a guiding imam and a knowing authority to guide the people to the straight path of the truth.
The imams are the authorities of Allah, His preachers and guardians, by whom people are guided and nations are refreshed. Allah has made them as the means of life for His people, as the light in darkness and as the pillars of Islam. All that has been determined by the will of Allah.
The imams are the preferred choice of Allah, the chosen guides and expected deliverances. Allah has chosen them since the first creation. He has created them as shadows before making them as beings at the right side of His Throne with His care. He has endowed them with wisdom while in the unseen world near Him. He has created them as the pure remainder of Adam, the best of Noah’s progeny, the choice of Abraham’s family, the offspring of Ishmael and the purest progeny of Muhammad (as).
They are still under the care of Allah and they are protected by His angels. They are protected from the evil darkness and the evil of every devil. They are freed from handicaps and diseases. They are infallible before all kinds of obscenities. They are endowed with piety and patience. They are granted with abstinence, knowledge and virtue. An imam is entrusted with the position of his father. He keeps silent during the lifetime of his father.
But when the will of Allah determines to bring the father to the better world, the son becomes ready to receive the order of Allah. Allah will entrust the son after the death of the father with His religion and make him the authority over His people and the guardian on His earth. He assists him with His angels, grants him His knowledge, entrusts him with His secret, deputes him to undertake the great task, appoints him as the authority over His people, makes him as a light for the believers of His religion and entrusts him with their affairs.
Allah is pleased with him as His guardian over His people. He entrusts him with His knowledge, wisdom and religion. He makes him revive His path, obligations and penalties. In his turn, the imam spreads justice when the ignorant become confused, confutes the arguers with the clear proofs and the bright truth of his truthful fathers (as). No one ignores this truth save the wretched, no one denies it save the deviate and no one leaves it aside save the opponents of Allah.”33
“The man of this matter has a likeness to Prophet Joseph (as). He is a son of a (black)34 bondmaid. Allah will make him succeed within a night.”
(9) Abdul Wahid bin Abdullah bin Younus narrated from Ahmad bin Muhammad bin Rabah az-Zuhri from Ahmad bin Ali al-Himyari from al-Hakam, the brother of Mushma’all al-Asadi, that Abdur Raheem al-Qaseer had said: I said to Abu Ja'far al-Baqir (as): Does the saying of Amirul Mo'mineen (as) “May my father die for him! The son of the best of bondmaids,” refer to Fatima (as)?” He said:
“Fatima (as) is the best of free ladies. He (al-Mahdi) is the one with a big abdomen and a red face. May Allah have mercy upon so-and-so!”36
(10) Ahmad bin Muhammad bin Sa'eed narrated from al-Qassim bin Muhammad bin al-Hasan bin Hazim from Obayss bin Hisham from Abdullah bin Jibilla from Ali bin Abul Mugheera that Abus-Sabah had said: Once I came to Abu Abdullah as-Sadiq (as). He said to me: What (news) do you have?”
I said: “Good news about your uncle Zayd! He claims that he is a son of a bondmaid. He claims that he is al-Qa'im of this umma and that he is a son of the best of the bondmaids.”
(11) Muhammad bin Hammam and Muhammad bin al-Hasan bin Jumhoor narrated from al-Hasan bin Muhammad bin Jumhoor from his father from Sulayman bin Suma’a from Abul Jarood from al-Qassim bin al-Waleed al-Hamadani from al-Harith al-A’war al-Hamadani that Amirul Mo'mineen (as) had said:
“Blessed is the son of the best of the bondmaids! (He means al-Qa'im) He will humiliate the arrogants and water them a bitter nauseous drink. His sword will kill them terribly. Then the arrogants of Quraysh wish if they could redeem themselves with the world and all that it has just to be forgiven. He will not stop until he pleases Allah.”39
(12) Ahmad bin Muhammad bin Sa'eed narrated from Ali bin al-Hasan at-Taymali from Muhammad and Ahmad the sons of al-Hasan from their father from Tha’laba bin Maymoon that Yazeed bin Abu Hazim had said:
I said: “He claimed that Muhammad bin Abdullah bin al-Hasan was al-Qa'im. His evidence was that his name was like the name of the Prophet (S) and his father’s name was like the Prophet’s father’s name. I said to him: If you depend upon the names, there is one of the descendants of al-Husayn (as) named as Muhammad bin Abdullah bin Ali. He said to me: This is a son of a bondmaid (he means Muhammad bin Abdullah bin Ali) and that is a son of a free woman. (he means Muhammad bin Abdullah bin al-Hasan).”
(13) Abdul Wahid bin Abdullah bin Younus narrated from Ahmad bin Muhammad bin Rabah from Ahmad bin Ali al-Himyari from al-Hasan bin Ayyoob from Abdul Kareem bin Amr from Ahmad bin al-Hasan bin Abban that Abdullah bin Atta’ al-Mekki had asked Abu Abdullah as-Sadiq (as) about the conduct of Imam al-Mahdi (aj) when he would appear.
Abu Abdullah as-Sadiq (as) said: “He will act as the Prophet (S) has acted. He will annul all what has been established before him as the Prophet (S) has annulled all that has been established in the pre-Islamic age. He will resume Islam anew.”42
(14) Ali bin al-Husayn narrated from Muhammad bin Yahya al-Attar from Muhammad bin Hassaan ar-Razi from Muhammad bin Ali al-Kufi from Ahmad bin Muhammad bin Abu Nasr from Abdullah bin Bukayr from his father that Zurara had said to Abu Ja'far Muhammad bin Ali al-Baqir (as):
He said: “The Prophet (S) has acted leniently towards his umma. He has entreated people kindly whereas al-Qa'im (as) will use his sword with them. He has been ordered by the book, which is with him, to do so. He will kill (bad) people without forgiving anyone. Woe unto whoever opposes him then.”43
(15) Ali bin al-Husayn narrated from Muhammad bin Ali al-Kufi from Abdurrahman bin Abu Hashim from Abu Khadeeja from Abu Abdullah as-Sadiq (as) that Amirul Mo'mineen (as) had said:
“I could have killed the fleers and finished off the wounded (warriors) but I did not do fearing for the end of my companions that if they might be wounded, they would not be killed. But al-Qa'im (as) is permitted to kill the fleers and to finish off the wounded.”44
English Vietnamese Chinese French German Indonesian Japanese Khmer Korean Laotian Russian Spanish Thai
(VOVWORLD) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel rejected a proposal Sunday, floated by the European Commission last month, of setting new, stricter emissions cuts targets, saying EU countries should focus on meeting the targets they have already set themselves.
Ms. Merkel said extreme temperatures across the northern hemisphere this summer have fuelled concerns that climate change is gathering pace, leading dozens of countries to call for greenhouse gas emissions to be cut at a faster rate than planned. Merkel says such calls, most recently from the European Commission's climate chief Miguel Arias Canete, for swifter cuts to harmful carbon dioxide emissions would be counterproductive, adding that setting new goals made little sense when European countries were already struggling to meet their cuts targets.
(VOVWORLD) - If you love natural, it would be a pity never to visit Bach Ma National Park in Thua Thien-Hue province to make the adventurous trek through Ngu Ho to Do Quyen waterfall.
Language: English Vietnamese Chinese French German Indonesian Japanese Khmer Korean Laotian Russian Spanish Thai
More than 50,000 new and old Arabic words. Various colloquial terms and scientific phrases. Arranged according to alphabetic order. Roots of entries mentioned.
COMPANY PROFILE: CAP & SEAL is one of the leading Indian Aluminium Pilfer Proof Caps, Aluminium Flip Top and Tear off Seals; Plastic Caps & Closures manufacturing and exports oriented company.
From Fruit Juice to Soft Drinks, Pharmaceutical to Water, Liquor to Olive Oil, Syrups to Wines our products cover them all. But our vision takes us beyond the dynamics of size or scale, we strive to excel in everything we do. Identified as an "EXPORT HOUSE" by the "Office of the Director General of Foreign Trade, Ministry of Commerce & Trade, Government of India",
our strengths speak of more than just caps. Cap & Seal has come a long way since its inception with a track record that has not only resulted in a tremendous growth in our performance but also in customer base to realize more than 95% of its revenue through exports to Europe, Gulf, East and West Africa, South East Asia and Latin America Countries. Cap & Seal had a humble beginning in 1986 with an installed capacity of 40,000 caps per day.
Georgia Democrat Stacey Abrams Won’t Rule Out Gun Confiscation Amber Athey Media and Breaking News Editor Georgia Democratic gubernatorial candidate Stacey Abrams did not rule out confiscating firearms if she wins her election, during a CNN interview Monday morning...
NYC Synagogue Vandalism Suspect Is Former City Hall Anti-Hate Crime Intern, Former Obama Campaign Volunteer
NYC Synagogue Vandalism Suspect Is Former City Hall Anti-Hate Crime Intern Luke Rosiak Investigative Reporter * The suspect in a synagogue vandalism act that forced the cancellation of a Democratic event is reportedly a former City Hall employee who...
Project Veritas: CAUGHT: Gillum Campaign Staff explains “You whip ’em up. The poor, the middle income. You have to whip them up into a frenzy in order for them to vote” and “you have to appeal to white guilt”...
Gunman Shoots Out Windows Of GOP Office In Florida Chuck Ross Reporter A gunman in Florida fired at least four shots into the Volusia County Republican Party’s offices, police said Monday. South Daytona police Capt. Mark Cheatham told reporters...
President Trump Takes Immediate Action, Aliens Who Enter The United States Unlawfully Are Subject To Expedited Removal
children bedroom interior interior design kids bedroom child bedroom interior design photo of good interior design kids creative powder room interior design pictures.
Benefit Administration Solutions, Group Health Insurance, Human Resources Solutions, Voluntary Benefits, Consumerism Solutions, Group Life/AD&D, Group Disability
We get a rush when we create an outside-of-the-box solution that saves money for you and your employees, empowering your employee population to be engaged, informed consumers of their health plan....
Agency Technology, Benefit Administration Solutions, Group Health Insurance, Human Resources Solutions, Voluntary Benefits, Consumerism Solutions
Contact Us 678-904-9333 jhearn@benefitcompany.com www.benefitcompany.com About The Benefit Company The Benefit Company is an executive and employee benefit consulting firm aligned with the best interests of our employer clients and...
Benefit Administration Solutions, Executive Benefits, Group Health Insurance, Human Resources Solutions, Retirement Plans
Alliant was established first in 1925 and is currently the 3rd fastest growing consulting firm in the United States. As a private enterprise, we are dedicated to staying a private...
Benefit Administration Solutions, Executive Benefits, Group Health Insurance, Human Resources Solutions, Consumerism Solutions
Group Benefits, LLC is an independent, local employee benefits consulting firm with national resources and scope. Our innovative benefits specialists provide solutions through a multi-disciplinary team of highly qualified professionals. ...
Benefit Administration Solutions, Executive Benefits, Group Health Insurance, Human Resources Solutions, Individual Health Insurance
Benefit Administration Solutions, Executive Benefits, Group Health Insurance, Voluntary Benefits, Group Life/AD&D, Group Disability, FMLA/Leave & Absence Management, ACA Compliance and Reporting, Dependent Eligibility Audits
We at Jenpale LLC want to put your business ahead of the curve! What does that mean? It means truly being a service oriented broker! It means that we handle...
Benefit Administration Solutions, Executive Benefits, Group Health Insurance, Human Resources Solutions, Voluntary Benefits, Consumerism Solutions
At the core of Sterling Thompson Company is the desire to protect our clients. We utilize 80 years of knowledge, resources and experience to achieve your risk management needs. As...
Benefit Administration Solutions, Executive Benefits, Group Health Insurance, Voluntary Benefits, PEO Solutions, Consumerism Solutions
Our goal is to change the way you think about employee benefits. The days of choosing your benefits by comparing rates on spreadsheet are over. The complexities of today’s benefit options...
Leslie Saunders Insurance, Benefits and Training is the only certified woman-owned insurance, benefits, and training company in the US., DOT certified in all 50 states. We are also the largest...
Benefit Administration Solutions, Executive Benefits, Group Health Insurance, Individual Health Insurance, Voluntary Benefits, Medicare Supplements
We believe that true advisors follow a “let’s work together” process, not an “I’m telling you what to do” process. And that’s why Our Difference is You. Someone once told...
Benefit Administration Solutions, Executive Benefits, Group Health Insurance, Human Resources Solutions, Individual Health Insurance, Payroll, Retirement Plans, Voluntary Benefits, PEO Solutions, Medicare Supplements, Consumerism Solutions, Student Loan Benefits, Medicare Part D
Insurvis' team of highly trained and experienced professionals provides broad and thorough benefit program evaluation, complete plan development, and superior servicing. We specialize in the coordination and integration of the...
Benefit Administration Solutions, Executive Benefits, Group Health Insurance, Human Resources Solutions, Payroll, Voluntary Benefits, Consumerism Solutions, Group Life/AD&D, Group Disability, FMLA/Leave & Absence Management
Gregory & Appel is built upon a tradition of integrity, industry leadership, and excellence. Our independent ownership allows us to focus exclusively on our “three pillars”, Clients, Employees and the...
Benefit Administration Solutions, Executive Benefits, Group Health Insurance, Human Resources Solutions, Payroll, Voluntary Benefits, PEO Solutions, Consumerism Solutions, Student Loan Benefits
Connell Insurance sees its role a little differently than most agencies. Our agents aren’t simple order-takers because they understand that when it comes to helping clients manage their risks, insurance...
Executive Benefits, Financial Wellness, Group Health Insurance, Human Resources Solutions, Retirement Plans, Voluntary Benefits, Group Life/AD&D, Group Disability, Property & Casualty Insurance, Workers’ Compensation Insurance, Business Owner’s Policy (BOP), EPLI, Umbrella Coverage, ERISA
For more than 25 years, Benefit Review Services, Inc. (BRSi) has provided employers with creative, understandable solutions to their employee benefit needs. We have built our reputation on our dedicated team...
Benefit Administration Solutions, Executive Benefits, Financial Wellness, Group Health Insurance, Human Resources Solutions, Individual Health Insurance, Payroll, Retirement Plans, Voluntary Benefits, PEO Solutions, Medicare Supplements, Consumerism Solutions, Medicare Part D, Group Life/AD&D, Group Disability, FMLA/Leave & Absence Management, ACA Compliance and Reporting, Dependent Eligibility Audits, Workers’ Compensation Insurance, ERISA
Benefit Concepts, Inc. was founded in 1983 as an employee benefits brokerage and is a leading provider for employee benefits in Texas with national broker recognition. We provide expertise in...
Benefit Administration Solutions, Executive Benefits, Group Health Insurance, Human Resources Solutions, Voluntary Benefits, PEO Solutions, Consumerism Solutions
SHRM provides content as a service to its readers and members. It does not offer legal advice and cannot guarantee the accuracy or suitability of its content for a particular purpose.Broker listings are provided under agreement with Elevate Benefits, LLC. and do not constitute SHRM’s endorsement of any individual broker or firm.
Benefit Administration Solutions, Group Health Insurance, Retirement Plans, Voluntary Benefits, Consumerism Solutions, Medicare Part D
W Financial has been providing exceptional service since 2002. We understand the difficulty and complexity of finding the right financial solution for our clients. It is our goal to take the...
Benefit Administration Solutions, Executive Benefits, Group Health Insurance, Individual Health Insurance, Retirement Plans, Voluntary Benefits, Medicare Supplements, Consumerism Solutions
The Horton Group is an insurance, employee benefits and risk advisory firm. Our business is helping you achieve a higher level of performance. We specialize in helping clients turn costs and...
Benefit Administration Solutions, Executive Benefits, Group Health Insurance, Individual Health Insurance, Retirement Plans, Voluntary Benefits, Medicare Supplements
Service-oriented benefits broker that emphasizes proactive strategies and cost control. Connor & Gallagher OneSource (CGO) provides a unique blend of day-to-day administrative services combined with...
Benefit Administration Solutions, Executive Benefits, Group Health Insurance, Human Resources Solutions, Payroll, Retirement Plans, Voluntary Benefits, PEO Solutions
Benico, Ltd., an Alera Group company, provides advice to private companies, public sector employers, and not-for-profit organizations of all sizes as such relates to the design, risk management, communication, and enrollment...
At Health Estimates, we know that finding the best in affordable health insurance can be time consuming. Experience personal service with local access. We work for you at NO COST to...
Benefit Administration Solutions, Executive Benefits, Group Health Insurance, Human Resources Solutions, Individual Health Insurance, Voluntary Benefits, Medicare Supplements, Medicare Part D, Group Life/AD&D, Group Disability, FMLA/Leave & Absence Management, ACA Compliance and Reporting
Let's talk about what keeps you up at night as a business owner. You know that providing employee benefits and health insurance in an affordable and meaningful way is no...
Benefit Administration Solutions, Executive Benefits, Group Health Insurance, Human Resources Solutions, Payroll, Voluntary Benefits, PEO Solutions, Consumerism Solutions, Group Life/AD&D, Group Disability, ACA Compliance and Reporting, Workers’ Compensation Insurance
NFP is a leading insurance broker and consultant that provides unparalleled employee benefits, property & casualty, retirement and individual private client solutions to small, medium and large market employers. Our...
Benefit Administration Solutions, Executive Benefits, Financial Wellness, Group Health Insurance, Human Resources Solutions, Retirement Plans, Voluntary Benefits, Group Life/AD&D, Group Disability, FMLA/Leave & Absence Management, Property & Casualty Insurance, Workers’ Compensation Insurance
At Mercer, we understand the rapid pace of change in healthcare and benefits and a one-size-fits-all approach doesn’t work for your diverse workforce and unique needs. We help midsize businesses...
Benefit Administration Solutions, Executive Benefits, Group Health Insurance, Human Resources Solutions, Retirement Plans, Voluntary Benefits, PEO Solutions, Medicare Supplements, Group Life/AD&D, FMLA/Leave & Absence Management, ACA Compliance and Reporting
Alliant/Mesirow offers customized insurance brokerage and risk management solutions to a diverse range of clients including Fortune 1000 companies, middle-market businesses and affluent individuals throughout the United States. Our areas...
Benefit Administration Solutions, Executive Benefits, Group Health Insurance, Human Resources Solutions, Individual Health Insurance, Payroll, Voluntary Benefits, Medicare Supplements, Medicare Part D
As a member of the premier national, credentialed network of independent benefit advisory and consulting firms, Bjork Group leverages our scale, experience, and shared investment capital to deliver powerful solutions...
Benefit Administration Solutions, Executive Benefits, Group Health Insurance, Human Resources Solutions, Payroll, Retirement Plans, Voluntary Benefits, Student Loan Benefits
Alera Group, formed in 2016, has over 950 employees serving thousands of clients nationally. We have specialists in employee benefits, property and casualty, risk management and wealth management. Alera was...
Benefit Administration Solutions, Executive Benefits, Group Health Insurance, Human Resources Solutions, Individual Health Insurance, Payroll, Retirement Plans, Voluntary Benefits, PEO Solutions, Medicare Supplements, Consumerism Solutions
Headquartered in Deerfield Illinois, GCG Financial, LLC, is a privately owned firm that started in 1975. The firm has grown into a full service financial, employee benefits and risk management...
Benefit Administration Solutions, Executive Benefits, Group Health Insurance, Human Resources Solutions, Retirement Plans, Voluntary Benefits
THE MODERN APPROACH TO EMPLOYEE BENEFITS Delivering high-tech, customized benefit solutions - tailored to your organization. Our team of experts will help you craft an effective, efficient plan -...
Benefit Administration Solutions, Executive Benefits, Group Health Insurance, Human Resources Solutions, Payroll, Retirement Plans
Benefit Administration Solutions, Executive Benefits, Group Health Insurance, Human Resources Solutions, Individual Health Insurance, Payroll, Retirement Plans, Voluntary Benefits, PEO Solutions, Medicare Supplements, Consumerism Solutions, Student Loan Benefits, Medicare Part D, Group Life/AD&D, Group Disability, FMLA/Leave & Absence Management, ACA Compliance and Reporting, Dependent Eligibility Audits
Since 1985, The Financial Group of Virginia has assisted clients in the ever-evolving world of group benefits. With a steady approach to understanding the needs and objectives of our clients,...
Employee benefits has changed over the years. Simply providing health insurance is no longer a viable solution for employers. At Towne Benefits we are committed to providing you with not...
Benefit Administration Solutions, Group Health Insurance, Human Resources Solutions, Individual Health Insurance, Voluntary Benefits, Medicare Supplements, Medicare Part D
Sahouri Insurance is a privately-held insurance brokerage firm, founded in 1970 and headquartered in McLean, Virginia. SAHOURI. was built on two foundations: personalized service and pro-active solutions. Since 1970, the...
Benefit Administration Solutions, Executive Benefits, Group Health Insurance, Human Resources Solutions, Payroll, Retirement Plans, Voluntary Benefits
AHT is a full-service insurance brokerage and consulting firm offering employee benefits, retirement planning services, property and casualty, personal and international services. Our firm is nationally recognized for practices in...
Benefit Administration Solutions, Group Health Insurance, Payroll, Retirement Plans, Voluntary Benefits, Consumerism Solutions
We are a leading insurance broker and consultant that provides employee benefits, property & casualty, retirement and individual private client solutions through our licensed subsidiaries and affiliates. Our expertise is...
Benefit Administration Solutions, Executive Benefits, Group Health Insurance, Human Resources Solutions, Individual Health Insurance, Payroll, Retirement Plans, Voluntary Benefits, PEO Solutions
Keller is one of the region's largest, independently owned benefit consulting firms. We serve the needs of 300 local and national employers of varying sizes and industries. Keller designs benefit...
We are a full-service employee benefits brokerage and consulting firm. Controlling health care costs for lower middle market employers Strategic and comprehensive integrated approach Cutting-edge insurance products Cost containment...
Executive Benefits, Group Health Insurance, Human Resources Solutions, Individual Health Insurance, Payroll, Retirement Plans, Voluntary Benefits, Medicare Supplements, Consumerism Solutions, Medicare Part D
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. was founded in 1927 by its namesake, who was previously the leading producer for Chicago’s largest insurance broker. Today, Gallagher is one of the world’s...
Agency Technology, Benefit Administration Solutions, Executive Benefits, Group Health Insurance, Human Resources Solutions, Individual Health Insurance, Retirement Plans, Voluntary Benefits
Benefit Administration Solutions, Executive Benefits, Group Health Insurance, Human Resources Solutions, Payroll, Retirement Plans, Voluntary Benefits, Consumerism Solutions
FosterThomas is a leading professional services firm that provides solutions in the areas of Human Capital Management, Employee Benefits and Payroll Consulting. Our solutions are tailored around the specific needs...
Selected independent funeral homes National Funeral Directors Associations Maine FDA VFMC Veteran's Cremation Services Christian Cremation Society Honoring Wonderful Lives Cremation Association of North America Talk of a Lifetime
Curry, Tim., Curry, Tim.|Narrator, Gothic Archies., Helquist, Brett,illustrator., Helquist, Brett., Potter, Charles,1944-, hoopla digital.
After the sudden death of their parents, the three Baudelaire children must depend on each other and their wits when it turns out that the distant relative who is appointed their guardian is determined to use any means necessary to get their fortune.
9780060283124, 9780060765798, 9780060817916, 9780061146305, 9780061365331, 9780062796028, 9780064407663, 9780807211588, 9780807219904
Baudelaire, Klaus, Baudelaire, Klaus (Fictitious character), Baudelaire, Sunny, Baudelaire, Sunny (Fictitious character), Baudelaire, Violet, Baudelaire, Violet (Fictitious character), Brothers and sisters, Children's stories, Humorous stories, Orphans
Welcome to Brother Askari's Cultural/Historical website. This site is dedicated to the creativity, contributions, folklore, myths, legends, traditions, customs, language, and history of African Americans past and present. The pictures that appear on the site tell stories of the African American struggle for freedom and justice in America. The voices, which speak from the pictures, are poetic in their expressions of love, pain, joy, dreams, struggles, victories, defeats, and emotions of the African American spirit.
Having been born and raised in the segerated, deep south, I have chosen a mix of language styles that merges our past with our present. We must continue to tell our stories. We must continue to bring forth the pictures which tell their own stories. As a result, hopefully, we all will be elevated in our understanding of the African American struggle in America.
Bruce says: I assembled my first poetry manuscript at the age of seventeen and farmed and worked as a blacksmith in my twenties. I received a BA in Mass Communications from Winona State University, a DDS from University of the Pacific, School of Dentistry and my MFA from Vermont College of Fine Arts. In 2016, I was nominated for a Pushcart Prize.
My literary career has spanned work in news and periodicals, as a freelancer and an editor of professional journals. My publications include three poetry chapbooks and a full-length collection of poetry, An Undiscovered Country (2011). I querying a poetry manuscript and a current novel and work as a reviewer for the New York Journal of Books and the Washington Independent Review of Books. At other times, I create visual art as a potter, perform as a musician in a band, train horses on occasion and am a dentist in clinical practice.
“Lousiana Life” in FREDERICKSBURG LITERARY AND ART REVIEW brucearlenwasserman.com/2018/07/15/lou… 4 months ago
I am happy to say that my poem, “Louisiana Life,” will appear in the Spring/Summer 2018 edition of the Fredericksb… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… 6 months ago
Louisiana Life to Appear in Fredericksburg Review brucearlenwasserman.com/2018/04/17/lou… 6 months ago
I just got word that my short story was selected as a semi-finalist for the Francine Ringold Awards for New... fb.me/1qlAqJdT7 12 months ago
RT @Don_Share: Christopher Lloyd Will Play Poet Ezra Pound in Off-Broadway Reading of Pound | Playbill playbill.com/article/christ… 1 year ago
RT @SenSanders: Did Russia act independently in support of Trump or did the Trump campaign actively collude with them in attempting to win… 1 year ago
RT @CopperCanyonPrs: Excited to share #coverart for @Traci724's collection, SAUDADE (fall 2017)! Photog Kaitlin LaMoine Martin. Art by Papy… 1 year ago
An amazing book! Read my review of THE LICE on the New York Journal of Books website, @NYJournalofBook… twitter.com/i/web/status/8… 1 year ago
RT @SenSanders: Thank you Mr. Trump for admitting that universal health care is the better way to go. I'll be sure to quote you on the floo… 1 year ago
RT @SenSanders: If one person loses their insurance because of the Republican health care plan, that's too many. But 24 million? That’s an… 1 year ago
RT @tedgioia: Revisiting Cab Calloway's jive dictionary for hepsters dld.bz/fEYSm https://t.co/37d0GDmJu6 1 year ago
These locations add to the expanding worldwide distribution network already in place for the collection. It is being marketed by booksellers in France, Germany, Australia, Japan and Croatia, as well as online in the USA at Amazon.com and Barnes and Noble.com and at other locations worldwide through independent and online booksellers.
Wasserman’s work takes an in-depth look at love in a unique way, exposing the sedimentary layers of this topic that traverses cultures to cut right to the root of the human condition. In addition to its unique poetic point of view, the work is being touted as a pivotal new look at relationships.
Unsere Planung sieht in der Reichsbahnstraße/Ecke Kieler Straße den Teilabbruch einer bestehenden eingeschossigen Gewerbefläche und den Neu- bzw. Anbau eines dreigeschossigen Wohngebäudes mit Staffelgeschoss vor. Sämtliche Wohnräume werden zur Reichsbahnstraße ausgerichtet sein. Insgesamt werden 15 Mietwohnungen mit Balkonen bzw. Terrassen geschaffen. Darüber hinaus werden PKW-Stellplätze ebenerdig zur Verfügung stehen. Die Lage verfügt über eine sehr gute Verkehrsanbindung zur Hamburger Innenstadt.
Logo design and page layout by Shaun Rosado of Paper Moon Studios and, of course, yours truly, Jack D. Ripper.
minecraft interior design interior design beautiful modern houses interior minecraft interior design medieval.
Archives Select Month October 2018 (71) September 2018 (180) August 2018 (165) July 2018 (101) June 2018 (122) May 2018 (170) April 2018 (143) March 2018 (148) February 2018 (160) January 2018 (284) December 2017 (43) November 2017 (43) October 2017 (37) September 2017 (43) August 2017 (20)
Those who love to try their luck at the one armed bandits in Canada tend to prefer 5 reel free slots. With the option of having more than 25 different paylines, players are given ample opportunity to dominate the 5 real slot machines for fun and win it big while enjoying a variety of gaming themes and styles. Those with a penchant for dragons won't be disappointed as they navigate through a number of tumultuous situations involving ferocious tigers and distressed princesses. Successfully golden coins and jade pendants and you may just unlock the combination to the secret treasure.
But dragons and other classic themes such as triple 7 and glistening gem-themed games aren't all that you can expect. A host of modern themes with incredible plot twists have been introduced to the game scene. Some may beckon you away to a beach retreat where you can bask in the warmth of the sun while being treated to visions of playful mermaids, silly crabs and cheery fish. Others may engage you in a full on fast food fight that will leave you chuckling and with a craving for a burger and fries.
Online is the place where players can find the most lucrative 5 reel free slots, and ours require absolutely no obligation from a player. This means no need to provide any personal information or financial information – just 100% no limit game play!
Michael Joseph Jackson born 1958 is truly a music legend. He became a superstar at the age of eleven as a member kubota kx71 owners manual his family band The Jackson 5. Download: http:tinyurl. comq3vvh6x Remember the Time: Protecting Michael Jackson in His Final Days by Bill Whitfield Publisher: Weinstein. MICHAEL JOSEPH JACKSON. I, MICHAEL JOSEPH JACKSON, a resident of the State of California, declare this to be my last Will, and do hereby revoke all.
Read the F. files all pdf on Michael Jackson relating to: An investigation into extortion threats against Mr.
OK: we’ll only say this once. Going into your exams unprepared is about as smart as sitting on a porcupine. (Dumb, shaming and, you know, ouch.) So don’t. Just DON’T. Instead, get this revision guide and swan into your maths tests with that sweet feeling of knowing you can do your best. Inside, you’ll find quick-read summaries of all the topics you need to know, plus practice questions, quick tests and downloadable flash cards. Everything you need to get your knowledge to the tip of your tongue on test day. Look smart.
Images Of Graduation Cakes 116 Best Graduation Cakes Images On Pinterest, picture size 736x552 posted by admin at October 4, 2018
This image of Images Of Graduation Cakes 116 Best Graduation Cakes Images On Pinterest is a part of and just one of our Picture Collection we have to Designing Cakes in this site. If you're inspired , amazed and charmed by this Images Of Graduation Cakes 116 Best Graduation Cakes Images On Pinterest Cake Design Ideas , you can download it by right click it and click save image as. We hope that , by posting this Images Of Graduation Cakes 116 Best Graduation Cakes Images On Pinterest , we can fulfill your needs of ideas for Designing Cakes and Cake Decoration. If you need more Cake Design Inspiration or Cake Design Ideas to Designing Cakes , you can check at our collection right below this post. Also , don't forget to always visit Fidatofarm.com to find a new and fresh post everyday. Regards , Fidatofarm.com Admin
By using this site, you signify your assent to these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please do not use the site.
This site is owned and operated by Fiduserve Asset Management Ltd. (referred to as “Fiduserve” “we,” “us,” or “our” herein). No material from the site may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed in any way, except that you may download one copy of the materials on any single computer for your non-commercial use only, provided that you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Modification of the materials or use of the materials for any other purpose is a violation of Fiduserve’s copyright and other proprietary rights. The use of any such material on any other Web site or networked computer environment is prohibited. Except as otherwise indicated on this site and except for the trademarks, service marks and trade names of other companies that are displayed on this site, all trademarks, service marks and trade names are proprietary to Fiduserve. In the event that you download any software from the site, the software, including any files, images incorporated in or generated by the software, and data accompanying the software (collectively, the “Software”) are non-exclusively licensed to you by Fiduserve. Fiduserve does not transfer title to the Software to you. Fiduserve retains full and complete title to the Software, and all intellectual property rights therein. You may not redistribute, sell, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or otherwise reduce the Software to a human-perceivable form.
The materials in this site are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind either express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Fiduserve disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Fiduserve does not warrant that the functions contained in the materials will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Fiduserve does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. You (and not Fiduserve) assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair, or correction. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall Fiduserve be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials in this site, even if Fiduserve or a Fiduserve authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event shall Fiduserve have any liability to you for damages, losses and causes of action (whether in contract, tort (including, but not limited to, negligence), or otherwise) for accessing this site.
All claims, disputes or disagreements which may arise out of the interpretation, performance or in any way relating to your use of this site and any and all other Fiduserve site(s), shall be submitted exclusively to the jurisdiction of the courts located in the Country of Cyprus, and the City of Nicosia
COPPA, or the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, is a law in the United States requiring websites which can potentially collect information from minors under the age of 13 to have written parental consent or some other method of legal guardian acknowledgment, allowing the collection of personally identifiable information from a minor under the age of 13. If you are unsure if this applies to you as someone trying to register or to the website you are trying to register on, contact legal counsel for assistance. Please note that phpBB Limited and the owner’s of this board cannot provide legal advice and is not a point of contact for legal concerns of any kind, except as outlined in question “Who do I contact about abusive and/or legal matters related to this board?”.
This is so unfair, he was at a neighbourhood school just 25 mins away from me! Just a cycling distance away. Damn, missed him.
How long until we see some PR photos of him in Merc gear? I think a couple of weeks after his Mclaren contract ends proper, so around mid Jan.
Lewis can win.. But I still have a fair few concerns about Merc's abilit to give him a decent car. It could be I'll be eating my words next season (& I'd honestly be very happy if I had to), but I wanna wait till I've seen the cars and looked at preseason testing...
Interesting how he is still doing PR commitments for McLaren (He is currently in Asia) when does his contract officially run out?
Respect: Eyebrow man, Schumi and finally after three long years Sebastian Vettel. Fairplay to the guy he is quick!
Officially ends on December 31st, starts at Merc on Jan 1st. I'm pretty sure when Button moved to Macca a photo of him in their team gear appeared on his first day. It wouldn't surprise me to see something similar with this move.
Great too hear it from his mouth. He would have been champion this year if it werent for....you know
come on lewis! show mclaren what they lost in you! the motivation lewis will have is going to be interesting
I’m going back (to McLaren) on Friday to speak to the whole team, about 1,000 people, just to say a big thanks for all the hard work and wish them all the best for the future. I’ll be competing against them but (McLaren) will always be my home, always be where I grew up.”
The British Formula One racer admitted that moving on from a team he spent 14 years with has its challenges.
“For all of us, we move around, from job to job, we experience different things. You guys have experienced plenty of these but this is going to be my first time.”
Can't wait for Hamilton to jump in the Mercedes, definition of an exciting F1 race is making Lewis start from the middle of the pack and smash his way through.
So true, will give me flashbacks of the debacle that was Monaco and Canada in 2011. (Still think he was not at fault for Maldonado and Button but I don't want to start that up again!)
Lewis Hamilton's luck continues, 2014 changes which hopefully would of seen Mercedes at the top once again have been scrapped.
It seriously won't make that big of a difference in performance between teams i don't think, it will still be an aero dominated sport.
That's the FIA, can't rely on them always screwing with the teams and sport. Merc should really focus on the present (like next year etc etc) instead of looking 2-3 years down the line when the FIA likes to change it's mind/rules at will. It's a risky strategy.
Part of me hopes Hamilton drives the wheels off that merc next year cause he should've won the championship this year and missed out mainly due to mclarens unreliability. Yes the twitter stuff was stupid and immature but nobody can question that the guy is top quality and hopefully next year he has better luck although merc will have to pull their fingers out of their donkeys to produce a better car.
with or without rule changes all brawn has to do is give lewis a car capable for wins and the championship. i don't think they can produce a car like redbull or mclaren, but if they make a car similar to the lotus in performance wise, lewis will be a contender.
exactly, what people seem to forget is that the 2011 Lotus was very similar to the 2012 Merc, both had good starts but reached dead ends in their development, but look at the 2012 lotus and we can see that Merc could have a good car, obviously there is less rule changes to facilitate it but it is still very possible
My first time seeing and hearing an F1 car in real life. it's unbelievable, the speed, the sound and the attention to detail. Lewis was great and said a couple of words in Maltese which seemed to win everyone (including me) over.
I respectfully disagree. KERS will be doubled in power, and the capacity will be increased. They will be able to use it a lot more. And with HERS, it will allow the engineers to tailor the engine to deliver more driveable power. All these systems need to be integrated into a transparent and efficient manner to maximize the potential of the car. When KERS was first introduced Mercedes had the most reliable and effective system compared to the rest, demonstrating that they are very good at this engineering discipline.
I believe that this was one selling point that helped sway Hamilton into signing with them, that come 2014 the Mercedes system will be reliable, effective, and the best of them all.
It will be interesting ( for me anyway) to see who hamiltons engineer will be. Will it be ms engineer p bonnington and jock clear (jv old championship winning engineer) or will andy latham appear from maternity leave? Has anyone heard of any other mclaren team members following him to merc? Offseason is already boring.
funny how that happened right after Merc announced they have agreed with McLaren to have Lewis early
– I ask the Leader of the Senate: (1) Is it a fact that both the post office and Commonwealth Bank derive their authority as governmental institutions from enactments of the Federal Parliament; (2) Is it a fact that under financial emergency legislation, the reduction of salaries of postal employees is twice as great as the reduction applied to employees of the Commonwealth Bank? If so, will the Government give consideration to this matter, with a view to ensuring uniformity of sacrifice by the employees of these two important institutions?
– Whilst it is a fact that the post office and the Commonwealth Bank derive their authority from acts passed by this Parliament, the administration of the post office comes directly under the control of the Parliament through the PostmasterGeneral, whereas the Commonwealth Bank is controlled by a board, which incidentally fixes the salaries paid to its employees.
– As the Christinas season is approaching, bringing with it a rush of postal business, will the Post- master-General give preferencein employment to the large number of former employees who have been retrenched instead of engaging inside labour for the staffs of the various post offices throughout Australia?
– I understand that the Postmaster-General has already given consideration to the matter referred to by the honorable senator, but I shall mention it to him again.
Senator Sir GEORGE PEARCE.On the 10th November, Senator Dunn asked the following questions, upon notice : -
Has the Minister seena report in a weekly newspaper called Smith’s Weekly, of the 4th November, purporting to contain a statement of concessions granted to federal members of Parliament?
Is it a fact that the press of Australia, including Smith’s Weekly, receive concessions in connexion with press telegrams from Canberra to any part of the Commonwealth, and other matters to the extent of £500,000 in each year?
Is it a fact that the press of Australia are given concessions in the parliamentary dining-rooms as regards service, food, and charges ?
Is it a fact that the press of Australia also receive concessions in relation to service and charges whilein residence in the federalcontrolled hotels in Canberra? 5.Isit a fact that the Australian press receive concessions in relation to service and chargesin the parliamentary liquor bar? 6.Is it a fact that the Australian press are given the use of, if so desired, the parliamentary tennis courts, bowling greens, cricket pitches, and recreation grounds?
Is it fact that, in the federal members’ rooms in Sydney, New South Wales, a special room is set aside and furnished for Australian press representatives?
Is it a fact that the Australian press receive concessions from the Federal Parliamentary Library for the purpose of checking all Australian and international newspapers, periodicals, and statistical records, and for the use of all other literature therein?
Is it a fact that the Australian press have free and comfortable quarters in the Federal Parliament House, including writing rooms, lounge-rooms, toilet-rooms, electric lifts, central heating and lighting facilities?
Is it a fact that the Joint Committee of Public Accounts and the Public Works Committee do not now function, and that during the last three years federal members have sat on many parliamentary committees at their own expense?
Is it a fact that federal members are called upon to meet all charges for telephone trunk calls between Canberra and any part of Australia?
A reply was furnished to question No. 1 on the 10th November. The following replies to the remaining questions have now been furnished by the departments concerned : -
It is estimated by the PostmasterGeneral’s Department that the’ postal, telegraphic and telephonic concessions granted to the press of Australia amount approximately to £500,000 a year.
. Representatives of the press engaged at Parliament House are served in the Parliamentary RefreshmentRooms on the same terms as members and officers of Parliament.
No. It may be added that representatives of the press who reside continuously at Hotel Canberra during a session of the Parliament are regarded as permanent guests and are charged accordingly.
Yes, a small room (adjacent to the lifts) containing 140 square feet, adjoining the federal members’ rooms on the 8th floor of the Commonwealth Bank Building, has been made available to the press.
Yes,in respect to reference and research in connexion with the reporting of parliamentary proceedings.
Offices with the usual accommodation are provided in Parliament House for the representatives of the press. During periods of parliamentary recess a rental is charged by the Joint House Department for the use of the rooms.
Yes. In meeting these charges members may utilize for the purpose portion of the stamp allowance granted to them inrespect of postal and telegraphic purposes.
– I ask the Leader of the Senate if it, is a fact that Commonwealth public servants are the only workers whose arbitration awards have been interfered with ; if so, is there any possibility of their being restored to the position they were in prior to the depression, so that they will be on the same footing as employees in private industry who are not working under Commonwealth awards?
– I am not in a position to answer the first portion of the honorable senator’s question. I do not think that many
State public servants have the privilege of appearing before the Arbitration Court, as have Commonwealth public servants. State public servants have had to submit to a reduction of salaries, as have Commonwealth public servants.
[3.12]. - I lay on the table of the Senate legal proceedings in civil and commercial matters - copies of conventions between the United Kingdom and Austria, Czechoslovakia, Estonia, Italy, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Sweden.
Sugar Agreement - Second Annual Report of the Fruit Industry Sugar Concession Committee, for theyear ended 31st August, 1933.
What has been the total value in Australian money of the importations of Japanese woollen textiles into Australia during the years ending 30th June, 1932, and 1933, respectively?
What were the grades of the woollen textiles imported into Australia during the years mentioned, and were the grades for female or male wear?
What were the values of Japanese goods imported into Australia for the month of July, 1933, and the month of October, 1933?
What were the grades of the goods imported and their values in Australian currency, and what arc the names of the firms in Sydney and Melbourne, Brisbane, Adelaide, and Perth to which Japanese goods were consigned?
I am now able to furnish the honorable senator with the following information : - 1 and 2. Value of importations of Japanese woollen piece goods into Australia (approximate Australian currency values) -
Total value of Japanese goods imported into Australia during - July, 1933, £485,330 (approximate Australian currency value); October, 1933, £382,304 (approximate Australian currency value). Advance figures subject to revision.
Detailed particulars are not available concerning the numerous items included in the monthly trade totals quoted.
Information regarding the names of importers is considered to be of a confidential nature, and, therefore, cannot be divulged.
Is it a fact that the Constitution places upon the Commonwealth the sole responsibility for currency?
Is it a fact that from October 1929 to January, 1931, the value of Australian currency was altered on a number of occasions through pegged rates of exchange determined by the trading banks of Australia and the Commonwealth Bank ?
Ifso, under what constitutional authority did the banks act in determining or interfering with the values of Australian currency?
On what date or dates and in what specific manner or ways or by what specific actand for what purpose did the Commonwealth Government, during the period referred to in paragraph 2, delegate to the banks its sole responsibility for currency under the Constitution?
Will the Minister ascertain from the Commonwealth Bank and state the nature of the Commonwealth Bank’s discussion or communication (if any) with or reference to the Commonwealth Government between the 25th November, 1931, andthe 2nd December, 1931, in regard to the alteration of the exchange rate from 130 to 125?
Under what constitutional authority did the Commonwealth Bank act on the 2nd December, 1931, in altering the exchange rate from 130 to 125?
On what date or dates and in what specific manner or ways or by what specific act, and for what purpose did the Commonwealth Government between the 25th November, 1931, and 2nd December, 1931, delegate its sole responsibility for Australian currency to the Commonwealth Bank solely?
So far as the Commonwealth Government was concerned, why were the trading banks of Australia excluded on the 2nd December, 1931, and thereafter from the exercise of responsibilities in regard to exchange rates which they had assumed since October, 1929?
Yes. On the Commonwealth Parliament is the sole responsibility for currency policy but not of the administration which is delegated to the Commonwealth Bank Board under the Commonwealth Bank Act 1911-32.
No. During the period indicated and up to the 30th November, 1931, the banks merely advertised the rates at which they were prepared to buy or sell funds in London. 3 and 4. See answer to No. 2.
As to the period referred to see answer to No. 2. It is understood that the Government in power at the time was made aware of the action of the Commonwealth Bank Board in assuming the control of the exchange position as from the 30th November, 1931, and in view of the powers delegated to the Commonwealth Bank to manage the currency the Government has not thought fit to interfere. The Government is fully aware that any legislative action necessary to alter the value of the Australian currency is a responsibility of the Commonwealth Parliament.
See answer to No. 5. On the 2nd December, 1931, the Commonwealth Bank merely announced rates at which it was prepared to buy or sell funds in London. (See Commonwealth Bank Act section 7g).
See answer to No. 2. The trading banks have never been excluded from quoting such rates as they may determine for the purchase and sale of exchange. It is competent for any person or bank to buy and sell exchange at any time independently of the Commonwealth Bank.
– In view of the strong representations made to Queensland senators as to the serious effect of the removal of primage duty from New Zealand pine on the trade in Queensland pine, will the Minister representing the Minister for Trade and Customs have the Customs Tariff (New Zealand Preference) Agreement Bill reconsidered so that this matter may be further discussed?
Is it a fact that the two officers whose services were dispensed with by the State Government Agricultural Bank, on the Commonwealth Government resuming the administration of war service homes in Tasmania, were originally employed by the War Service Homes Commission ?
Did they carry out their duties in an efficient manner when employed by the Deputy Commissioner, prior to the Agricultural Bank taking over the administration of war service homes in Tasmania?
– The Minister administering war service homes has supplied the following answers to the honorable senator’s questions: - 1.Yes. 2. (a) Approximately two and a half years and three years respectively; (b) the respective salaries paid to the officers at time of retrenchment were -
Is it a fact that the Premier of South Australia told the Minister for Commerce at the recent Loan Council meeting in Melbourne that 2s. 9d. per bushel would meet the need of the wheat industry?
Is the statementin the Adelaide News correct that this was the main factor in influencing the Government to limit assistance to the industry to£ 2,500,000?
As the Government had no knowledge of the report referred to, it was not in any way influenced by same.
Is the Department of Commerce watching the possibilities of developing the frozen pork trade with the United Kingdom?
Is it a fact that the United States of America exported to Britain 26 times more frozen pork in August,1933, than in August, 1932, and that in eight months ending 30th August last the Argentine increased its export to Britain by 34,000 cwt.?
The imports of frozen pork into Great Britain from the United States of America during August, 1932, and August,1933, respectively, were 286 cwt. and 5,322 cwt.
Imports from the Argentine during the periods referred to were - Eight months ended 31st August, 1932,63,543 ewt. ; eight months ended 31st August, 1933, 98,022 cwt.
Whether he will inform the Senate when the Sandy Bay rifle range at Hobart will be removed to the new site which the Hobart City Council has agreed to provide?
Is it a fact that the present site is both unsafe and dangerous to residents in the vicinity and is holding up development in that part of the city?
Will the Minister expedite the transfer of the rifle range and so bring to an end any dispute that may exist between the citizens of Hobart and the Defence Department?
Negotiations are still in progress between the Hobart CityCouncil and the Defence Department regarding the proposed transfer, and it is impossible at this stage to state definitely when finality will be reached in the matter. It is hoped, however, to complete the preparation of the necessary data to enable a decision to be arrived at by the end of this year.
The view that the present site is dangerous to residents in the vicinity is not shared by the responsible officers of the Defence Department, nor do those officials agree that the development of that portion of the city surrounding the present site is being held up to the-extent claimed.
Every possible effort has been made to meet the wishes of the parties concerned in the transfer, and any delay that has occurred cannot in any way be attributable to the Defence Department.
Has the Minister’s attention been drawn to a statement in the Adelaide Advertiser, of Monday, the 20th November, regarding importations of wine into Great Britain, to the effect that South Africa wasrapidly overhauling Australia in exports to Great Britain?
If so, can the Minister say whether the export of immature wines from Australia has had any detrimental effect on out exports to Great Britain, and will the Government take immediate steps to inquire into the reported export of immature wines and prevent a recurrence of exporting or offering for sale immature wine in the future?
Yes. No difficulty would have been experienced in showing a corresponding increase in Australian imports into the United Kingdom if the Wine Overseas Marketing Board had been prepared to permit of the building up of heavy stocks in the United Kingdom. The board, however, considers this policy to be undesirable, as it could be used by potential buyers as an argument in favour of reduced prices.
All reasonable steps are taken to ensure that only wines of good and merchantable quality are exported from Australia. The question of age limit for Australian wines has received careful consideration of persons with technical knowledge of wines, and there is general agreement that age of wines cannot be taken as an indication of quality or even of maturity.
Will he bring under the notice of the Minister for Commerce the question of conferring with Australian State Premiers, and pointing out the danger that is being done to the Australian wine trade by the manufacture and selling of immature Australian wines in Australia and abroad?
As the sale of wines within Australia is a matter which comes within the jurisdiction of the various States, the comments of the honorable senator will be brought to the notice of the States. All reasonable precautions are taken to see that only wines of good and merchantable quality are exported.
If the Federal Government considers that the good health of the Australian people is a necessity, will the Government consider the health of the nation by including the manufacturing of wine in the age limit now compulsory for brandy; if not, why not?
– The reply to the honorable senator’s question is contained in the answer to his previous question.
Has the Minister’s attention been drawn to a statement in the Hews, Adelaide, on Monday, the 20th November, that the .price of tea was likely to be increased by 2d. per lb. in South Australia?
In view of the recent reduction of primage and customs duty on tea, will the Minister have inquiries made to see if the proposed increased cost to the consumers is warranted?
An investigation into the question of the prices charged for tea is proceeding, upon completion of which a statement will be made.
What is the value of the exports to Japan during the years 1929-30, 1930-31, 1931-32, and 1932-33, of wool, wheat, hides and skins, and any other goods of Australian production ?
What was the total amount borrowed by Australia from GreatBritain for the purposes of the Great War?
Was the interest rate payable by France, and Italy on certain loans from Great Britain reduced, and, if so, what was the amount of the respective reductions; was any similar reduction made in respect of loans to Australia; if so, what was the amount of such reduction?
What is the accrued amount of interest on Australian loans, the payment of which has been suspended by Great Britain during the course of the last few years. Is it expected that this amount will eventually be paid by Australia?
In the event of Australia being called upon by Great Britain to repay her war loans with interest, how is it proposed tomake such payments; will it be by gold; and, if so, is there sufficient gold in Australia to cover such payments; if not by gold, what other means could be adopted to make the payments?
Senator Sir HARRY LAWSON.The Treasurer has supplied the following answers to the honorable senator’s questions : -
The settlement of Australian war loan payments to Great Britain is linked with the general question of international war debts, and it is not possible to state what or how settlement will eventually be made.
Will he give consideration to the question of all air and sen planes for Australian home defence, and also for commercial purposes, being built in government factories, such factories to be situatedin Canberra and Sydney?
– The Government does not contemplate the establishment of government factories at either Canberra or Sydney for the purpose of manufacturing service or commercial aircraft.
Has the Government received any communications from the Government of Western Australia in regard to the continuance or otherwise of the existing permits to trade on the north-western coast of Australia, granted to the steamships Minderoo, Gorgon, and Centaur?
Will the Government consult the Pastoralists Association of Western Australia and senators representing that State before interfering in any way with the existing permits granted to these ships to serve the residents of north-western Australia?
The State Government desires that the number of calls at north-west ports with coastwise cargo be limited, on the northern run only, to thirteen per annum, and that purely coastal voyages be discontinued except in emergency cases, when special approval could be given.
Action is being taken to ascertain how such an arrangement would affect the interests of the settlers in the north-west.
Reports have been received from the Pastoralists Association of Western Australia and the Minister will be pleased to receive and consider any representations which honorable senators representing that State may desire to make.
Will such persons, if continuing in their employment connected with the census be granted leave to enable them to visit their relatives or friends during the Christmas season ?
It is not anticipated that any reduction will be made in the census staff for at least three months.
Arrangements have been made with the Public Service Board for persons employed on the census staff to work on two Saturday mornings prior to Christmas, to enable them to be granted leave over the Christmas and New Year holidays.
Will he also provide employment fur a number of men who have been camped iu Canberra for several months?
Arrangements have been made to employ them for a period of four weeks from the 27th November to the 22nd December, 1033.
This matter has not yet been Dually decided. Prospects, however, are not hopeful for any other than registered workmen.
Briefly, the purpose of this measure is to provide for a reduction of die number of the Justices of the High Court from seven to six. Section 4 of the Judiciary Act provides that the High Court shall consist of a Chief Justice and six other justices. At present, the court consists of a Chief Justice and five other justices, and it is considered that that number is sufficient to transact the work of the court, but while the present act remains in force, there will be an unfilled vacancy on the bench. Originally, the High Court consisted of a Chief Justice and two other justices. In 1906 the number of justices was increased from three to five and in 1912 from five to seven. Of that number, one was almost fully occupied in presiding over the Commonwealth Court of Conciliation and Arbitration, whilst a second justice also spent a great deal of his time in that court. The full bench of seven justices was assembled only to adjudicate upon Constitutional or other very important matters. The law with respect to the Arbitration Court was altered in 1926, to provide that instead of one or two justices of the High Court, with deputy presidents for the time being, functioning as the Arbitration Court, a separate Arbitration Court should be established consisting in the first instance, of three judges, and later,’ of four judges. There is, therefore, no longer any need for a justice of the High Court to function in the Arbitration Court. Accordingly, one factor which influenced Parliament in arriving at its decision to increase the number of justices of the High Court has disappeared. As six justices are able to do the work, there is no good reason for leaving a vacancy upon the High Court bench, and it is proposed to alter the law by providing that, in future, the court shall consist of a chief justice with five other justices.
.- The opposition of some honorable senators to this measure surprised me. When I was discussing the bill with the Minister for Trade and Customs (Mr.. White), he assured me that for the time being it would apply only to traction engines, and he pointed out that a firm in Australia was manufacturing a traction engine of a good type in competition with machines made overseas by mass production methods. Most of the tractors used in Australia in recent years have been made either in the United States of America or Canada. Much of the natural protection formerly enjoyed by the local manufacturers by reason of the high rate of exchange between Australia and the United States of America has disappeared in the last few months. The lower exchange rate is assisting the importers of not only tractors, but also American motor cars, and the trade in British vehicles is being unfavourably affected. This bill has been submitted for the purpose of giving encouragement by way of bounty to the local manufacturers of traction engines.
– I understood that an increase of the bounty would become operative almost immediately. In fact the primage has already been removed.
In regard to galvanized iron I was surprised to hear Senator Johnston offer opposition to the bill, because when he was speaking on the tariff schedule he freely admitted that, owing to the cost of the raw product and the industrial conditions operating in Australia, the local industry required some form of assistance. He said that he preferred that such help should be given by means of a bounty, the cost of which would be borne by the community generally, rather than by a duty which would have to be paid by the users of the commodity. This bill specifically provides for the payment of a higher bounty in the event of the duty being reduced or removed, and an honorable senator who favours a reduction of the duty should readily assent to the measure because the duty is more likely to be lowered if there is a bounty to take its place. If my fiscal views coincided with those of Senator Johnston, I should welcome the measure, because it makes provision for a form of assistance to the galvanized iron industry which he has advocated in the past. Presumably, he will continue to fight for a reduction of the cost of galvanized iron, and he is more likely to achieve his object by supporting the bounty principle.
– I thought that Senator Johnston would have welcomed this bill with open arms. If we wait ten or even fifty years it will always be necessary for Australia to protect its great iron and steel industry, which is vital to. the well-being of the nation. Although it has been said that the Broken Hill Proprietary Limited is able to get from the Parliament any concessions it desires, we must not overlook the fact that, in the event of war, the works of that company would be the arsenal on which we should have to rely for our main supplies of war material. The Government, acting in the belief that the Pacific will be the theatre of warlike operations, and in response to the insistent demand by the people of this country for increased armaments, is considering proposals more effectively to defend Australia. Surely no one will deny that the first step to that end is the adequate protection of the iron and steel industry at Newcastle, which is the only large undertaking of its kind in the southern hemisphere; to it Great Britain itself will look for the requirements of its fleet when the Singapore base is completed. The Newcastle works are practically a part of the defence arm of Australia, and should receive adequate tariff protection even at some cost to the taxpayers. The Government is fully justified in asking the Senate to pass this bill, the purpose of which is to assure the maintenance and further development of this national industry. On other occasions, Senator Johnston has expressed his approval of the system of bounties for industry instead of protec- tion through the customs. This bill gives him an opportunity to .show his consistency.
– “When the iron, and steel duties are reduced, I shall be prepared to consider the payment of bounties.
– The honorable s(ma.tor cannot expect me to vote to reduce the iron and steel duties if there is not on the statute-book an alternative proposal to ensure the successful carrying on of the industry in competition with overseas manufacturers, who do not pay the same standard of wages, or observe the same working conditions us obtain in the Broken Hill Proprietary works at Newcastle.
– I am well aware of that, but if the British duty were reduced, and no other provision existed to assist the Australian industry, it could not carry on. The protection given to it was not imposed in some haphazard fashion. Careful investigation was made of all the circumstances connected with the local industry, and a calculation made of the amount of protection necessary for its development under Australian conditions. But we are not, at the moment, concerned with the amount of protection given to this industry. We are considering a measure to enable future bounty payments to be restored iu the. event of a reduction of the duty, and I make no apology for my support of this measure. Although the State of which I am one of the representatives in this chamber is not directly concerned in the iron and steel industry, I regard it as my duty, and the duty of all other honorable senators, regardless of the States which they represent, to safeguard this national industry, whim, in time of* peace, is necessary for the manufacture of commodities required for the development of this country, and in time of war for the production of commodities essential for its defence. Since the iron and steel industry is part and parcel of our defence system, it would be a. bad day for this country if, lacking adequate protection, it were allowed to languish.
– I oppose the bill. It is unnecessary, because adequate protection is already given to the various by-products of the industry in the tariff schedule which has recently been carried through this chamber by the Government, with the assistance of Labour senators. I should like to know why this bill was introduced. Was it because the Government feared that it would not be able to retain the existing rate of £4 10s. a ton in the British tariff on galvanized iron, and £3 8s. a ton on barbed wire? The principle of bountypayments is wrong.
– No. High protection for secondary industries, thus enabling them to charge exorbitant prices for their products, is responsible for the present plight of the wheat industry, and renders necessary the payment of a bounty to the growers to enable them to carry on. If the general tariff level were lower, the wheat industry would not be in its present desperate position. In this bill the Government is providing for a contingency which may not arise for the next ten or twenty years. Once it is placed on the statute-book, the Minister for Trade and Customs will be able to increase the rate of bounty to an amount corresponding to the amount by which the duties are reduced, without having to submit to Parliament a bill which may not be passed. It is time that the Government gave consideration to the interests of producers and consumers. Dp to the present time manufacturers have been getting more than a fair deal from successive governments. The, time is rapidly approaching when the Government should appoint to the Tariff Board an economic adviser, who would advise regarding the economic effects of proposed new duties or increases of existing duties. It is significant that Labour senators have consistently supported all proposals to increase the tariff burdens on the community. Often I wonder whether they are sincere in their declaration that they represent the workers, and when they prate about their consistent support of legislation for the good of all sections of the community. Obviously they are wilfully blind to the effect on the industrial classes of certain Government proposals. I wonder if it is any consolation to Ministers to know that, in the revision of the tariff, they so often had to depend upon the votes of Labour senators, including Senator Collings, than whom no more ardent supporter of high duties is to be found in this chamber.
– At least I am not getting paid by any particular interest for my supportof the Government’s tariff legislation.
– What greater proof of Labour and Government unity, in regard to tariff matters, is necessary than that witnessed in this chamber on Wednesday last, when, to save this bill, the Leader of the Senate (Senator Pearce) led the Labour party across the chamber to secure the adjournment of the debate. Although the Labour party has always declared its opposition to anything in the nature of* monopolies, Labour senators voted with the Government to impose such high duties on galvanized iron and barbed wire, as would give to the manufacturers a monopoly of the Australian market. The Government, in tariff matters, appears to have the unhappy knack of ignoring the interests of the consumers, because it gives more and more protection to manufacturers, whose principal object is to make what they can out of the community. In this matter the Government stands condemned in the eyes of primary producers, and must share with the Labour party the responsibility for failing to protect adequately the rural industries, which create real wealth and establish credit overseas for the payment of our external obligations. Such a short-sighted policy is condemned by all thinking people, particularly in the smaller States, such as South Australia. On numerous occasions during the tariff debate the Government had the support of only a minority of the ministerial senators, and but for the votes of Labour senators very few of its more important proposals would have been carried. Usually one expects the Government to command a majority from among its own supporters, but a perusal of the division lists shows that, during the debate on the. tariff schedule, it depended for its majority on the votes of Labour senators.
– Yes. Honorable senators on this side of the chamber were elected to support a lower tariff than that in operation at the time of their election. This Government said that it proposed to reduce customs duties, but it has retained many of those imposed by the Scullin Government, and has reduced only slightly many others. Although the Prime Minister (Mr. Lyons) said that he was opposed to the indiscriminate increase of customs duties, and particularly when the increases were not recommended by the Tariff Board, the reductions made by this Government have been only of a minor character. The members of the Labour partyin this chamber solidly supported the Government’s proposals for the imposition of unnecessarily high customs duties, and in many instances, the support which the Government received from the Labour party was greater than that which it had from honorable senators on this side of the chamber. The Government was elected on the promise that it would reduce customs duties, and would give to primary producers a just deal, but neither the primary producers nor the consumers have received fair treatment. I am opposed to the bill, and shall vote against the second reading.
– The treatment which this innocent machinery measure has received at the hands of the Senate, suggests that I gave a very imperfect explanation of the bill,and of the principal act which it proposes to amend. I remind those honorable senators who have expressed their own fiscal opinions and have commented on the fiscal policy of the Government, that this measure does not affect customs duties. Section 3 of the Iron and Steel Products Bounty Act of 1922 reads -
The Governor -General may, subject to this act, authorize the payment out of the Consolidated Revenue Fund, which is hereby appro- priated for the purpose, of bounty, according to the rates set put in the- schedule to this act, on fencing wire, galvanized sheets, traction engines, and wire netting manufactured in Australia, and delivered from the factory on or after the fourteenth day of September, One thousand nine hundred and twenty-two.
Provided that the rates of bounty payable on any fencing wire, galvanized sheets, traction engines, or wire netting, delivered from the Australian factory after the introduction of a customs tariff bringing into operation increased duties of customs on any of those articles, shall be decreased by an amount, in the opinion of the Minister, after inquiry and report by the Tariff Board, corresponding to the amount by which the respective duties of customs are increased.
In other words, Parliament decided that bounties should be payable on fencing wire, galvanized sheets, traction engines or wire netting, and that if customs duties were increased the bounty should be reduced. At present the proviso operates in only one way. When duties are increased the bounties automatically decrease, but when the duties are lowered the bounties do riot automatically increase. This measure is intended to make the variation operate in both ways. There seems to be some misapprehension on the part of honorable senators because the Government has introduced this comprehensive measure in consonance with the scope of the original act instead of limiting its scope to traction engines. In July, 1930, when primage duty was first imposed on traction engines the rate of duty was 2½ per cent. Later in that year it was increased to 4 per cent., and in 1931 to 10 per cent. When a. primage duty was imposed in 1931 the bounty of £90 on traction engines was reduced to £43 4s. Primage has been withdrawn from these engines, but under the existing legislation the bounty cannot be restored. It is provided that the bounty on fencing wire, galvanized sheets and wire netting, as well as on traction engines, shall be increased when customs duties on those items are reduced. The measure has been drafted to render the legislation on the statute-book effective.
– With respect to tractors it has operated in only one way, and under section 3 of the principal act the bounty cannot be increased.
– The language of the act compels us to do so; it refers to “ increased duties of customs “. That term covers primage; at all events the Government is advised by the Crown Law officers that this amendment is required. Senator Carroll referred to the measure as a “ reduction of duties prevention bill”, but I repeat that it has nothing whatever to do with a reduction of duties. If the duties on the articles mentioned in the bill are increased the bounties will be reduced, but unless this amendment is made there is no machinery for the bounty to be increased following a reduction of customs protection. If honorable senators believe that the Government is unnecessarily legislating with respect to certain items, further consideration can be given in committee to that aspect of the subject. Senator E. B. Johnston supported a reduction of duties on galvanized iron, and urged the substitution of assistance by means of a bounty.
– We are endeavouring to assist the honorable senator who now finds himself in a logical cul de sac from which he cannot escape.
– The first decision was secured owing to the absence of SenatorReid. The one point made in the debate which might induce the Government to accept an amendment in committee is that the bill is not required at present in regard to wire netting, galvanized sheets, and fencing wire. When the measure is in committee I shall consider the deletion of those items to which exception has been taken. If the bill is agreed to the position will be the same as under the old act, in that action by the Minister will have to be preceded by a report from the Tariff Board. Honorable senators should be content to accept the proposal in the bill, especially in regard to traction engines.
– Its omission was an oversight. It was only when the Minister for Trade and Customs (Mr. White) examined the position in regard to the bounty on traction engines that the deficiency was discovered.
– The honorable senator should not, be so pessimistic about the future of Australia. However foolish Australia has been in the past, its reputation has been re-established throughout the world. Under the existing legislation, the Government cannot pay a bounty on traction engines, and for that reason this bill has been introduced. No fiscal principle for which the opponents of the bill stand is being violated, and I ask the Senate to agree to the second reading.
Question - That the bill be now read a second time - put. The Senate divided. (President - Senator the Hon. P. J. Lynch.)
Section 3 ofthe principal act is amended by inserting after the first proviso thereto the following proviso: - “ Provided further that when the rates of bounty payable on any fencing wire, galvanized sheets, traction engines, or wire netting, have been decreased . . .
Provided further that when the rates of bounty payable on any traction engines or wire’ netting have been decreased . . .
In both Houses, the Minister in charge of the bill has admitted that the Government is concerned chiefly with ‘traction engines, and that the other items have been incorporated in this bill because they are in the original act. The VicePresident of the Executive Council (Senator McLachlan), in closingthe second reading debate, practically invited the Senate to make the alteration covered by my amendment.
.- Whateverthe attitude of the Minister to the amendment, I cannot support it. This bill seeks to amend the principal act, and the two measures will be inconsistent if the amendment is agreed to. The Minister said that the bounty was reduced when the primage was added, and that the Government now wants the bounty to be restored because the primage has been removed. If the amendment is accepted, the only item in respect of which the bounty will be increased as the result of the removal of the primage duty will be traction engines. I shall supportthe clause in its present form.
SenatorGUTHRIE (Victoria) [4.31]. - I support the amendment. The manufacture of traction engines in Australia is not in the hands of a monopoly as is the manufacture of galvanized iron. Moreover, the users of traction engines are being treated fairly by Australian manufacturers of this class of machinery. I am not surprised that only 172,000 tons of galvanized iron was used in Australia last year, because the price of this commodity is so high. If a bounty of £3 10s. aton is granted in lieu of duty, the Newcastle works will benefit by about £250,000 per annum. That is a huge sum to pay to one manufacturing concorn, especially when the money comes from the pockets of the poorer sections of the community, who are the chief users of galvanized iron.
– That is not so. The managing director of a reputable firm which deals in galvanized iron, both in Australia and in New Zealand, has informed me that the price of this commodity in Australia is £3 10s. a ton more than in New Zealand. I am in favour of encouraging the manufacturers of traction engines, because of their fair treatment of the users of such machines. They are not exploiting the users to the same extent as are the manufacturers of galvanized iron, and, for that reason, 1 shall support the amendment of Senator Duncan-Hughes.
Senator Sir WALTER KINGSMILL (Western Australia) [4.36].- I intend to support the amendment, becausethe Minister in charge of the bill practically limited his remarks to the need for the application of this bounty to traction engines. The outstanding feature of his second-reading speech was that the measure would be applied only to traction engines.
– No such alternative was presented in that portion of his speech to which I listened. The Minister said that the measure would be applied only to traction engines, and I interjected, “ Why, then, include the other articles?’
– I regard it as. an imposition on the Australian public. The proposal to apply it to the galvanized iron industry, particularly, is an atrocity; were it not such a tragedy, it would be ridiculous.
I shall vote for the deletion from the clause of galvanized sheets, fencing wire and wire netting, so that traction engines alone may be retained.
– I desire to offer a few comments, which go more to the root of the matter than does the amendment proposed by Senator Duncan-Hughes. Section 3 of the principal act enacts that the bounty shall be payable subject to the proviso that, if the duty upon the articles specified is increased, the rates of bounty payable upon them shall be decreased by a corresponding amount. It seems incredible that Parliament did not provide for the converse position by enacting that, if the customs duty were decreased, the rate of bounty should be correspondingly increased. I feel that it did not overlook that contingency, and that it did not insert the proviso now proposed for the reason that it did not regard its insertion as necessary.
The Minister in charge of the bill says that, although the primage duty has been removed,the bounty cannot be increased. Frankly, I cannot accept that position. When a duty is increased, what procedure is followed? Is an order in council passed, or by what authority is the increased customs charge collected? Obviously, the Minister has merely to refrain from collecting extra duty, and it is not collected.
– That is easily operated, because the Minister has merely to say, “ We will not pay you the bounty.” But now that the primage duty has been taken off-
– In the failure to put into operation the provision by which the customs duty has been reduced - in the failure to act.
– It is quite evident that the Crown Solicitor of 1922 did not think the same as the Crown Solicitor does to-day. To me it is incredible that the draftsman of the principal act did not contemplate the possibility of a converse position arising. I was not present when Senator McLachlan made his second-reading speech, but I read it very carefully in Hansard this morning, and I find that the statements of those who say that he rested his whole case upon traction engines, is absolutely correct. He never mentioned the other articles. It seems clear that we can differentiate between traction engines and the other three articles. I shall therefore support the amendment of Senator Duncan-Hughes.
– I desire to know why the Minister is now willing to eliminate from the bill somethingwhich we were previously assured was essential to it? Will not this mean that at some later date similar legislation will require to be enacted in regard to the items in the measure other than traction engines?
.- The Crown Law authorities differ from the view expressed by my honorable friend Senator Brennan. Under section 3 of the Principal Act there is no authority to increase bounties when once they have been reduced by the operation of the law. That is my opinion, and it is an opinion which is concurred in by the Attorney-General’s Department. If it acted in the way suggested by the honorable senator, the Customs Department would be held responsible under the Audit Act. None of the other articles enumerated in the bill, save wire netting, is receiving the benefit of any bounty whatever. Wire netting receives the nominal bounty of 9s.7d. a ton. In regard to traction engines, however, the position is different and must be met. Before there can be any alteration of the incidence of the protection afforded to any of these articles other than traction engines, parliamentary action will be necessary.
– In the interests of good draftsmanship can we leave the clause as it is? If Senator Brennan’s view were correct, I should drop the bill entirely, but we are advised that when once a bounty has been reduced the Minister has no authority to increase the rate in such circumstances as obtain. The other items are not immediately affected, but traction engines are.
Question - That the words proposed to be left out be left out (Senator DuncanHughes’ amendment) - put. The committee divided. (Chairman - Senator The Hon. Herbert Hays.)
– I enter my protest against the sacrifice of one of the most important secondary industries in New South Wales, and I am surprised that the Leader of the Senate (Senator Pearce) is unable to control his own followers.
– The Government should not weakly submit to this tory attack upon its tariff policy. Is it content merely to give a few crumbs to great national industries?
– An honorable senator may not make a second-reading speech in committee. He will have an opportunity on the third reading of the bill to speak about its provisions generally.
– Perhaps Senator Sir Walter Kingsmill, with an outburst of patriotism, will tell the people of Western Australia that he tried to re-establish himself in their good graces by voting against a proposal to give adequate assistance to the great iron and steel industry. The Leader of the Senate also is a representative of Western Australia, and I am astonished that he is not prepared to crack the party whip over his supporters.
– The iron and steel industry has been established in Newcastle at great expense, and it should not be sacrificed at the whim of honorable senators who are prepared to throw their election promises to the winds.
– I realize that further argument from this side of the chamber will be useless, because evidently the inner group of the freetrade section of the Government’s followers are bent on the destruction of this great industry.
– Ministers have shown incapacity, ineptitude and ineffable feebleness in this matter. It is plain that they have not assembled their forces, and we have been given further proof that the real leaders of the tory party in this chamber are Senator Hardy, when he is present, Senator Johnston, who is always here, Senator Carroll, and, more recently, Senator DuncanHughes.
– The amendment is another challenge to the principle of the maintenance of Australian industries. The Minister said that the bill was practically of a machinery nature, but I point out that it provides for the payment of such bounty as is “necessary for the maintenance of the industry. “ Whether honorable senators opposite prefer to call themselves fair traders, free-traders or high protectionists, they were surely elected to main tain Australian industries. If the amendment is accepted, the bill might as well be thrown out altogether, for only a shell would be left. If there was a full attendance of honorable senators the amendment would be defeated. Very few honorable senators are “ game “ enough to go before thepeople and advocate a tariff policy which would destroy Australian industries. I hope that the amendment will be defeated.
.- I thought that the discussion of this bill was unnecessary, because it is merely a machinery measure, designed for the more effective working of the principle contained in an act already on the statute-book. Apparently I was in error, because honorable senators professing to represent farming communities arc strenuously opposing it, and amendments which have been proposed are aimed at the destruction of essential secondary industries. In the course of the next few days, those honorable senators will be appealing to Labour senators to support a proposal to assist wheat-farmers to the amount of over £3,000,000. This being so, it is the more extraordinary that whenever we have before usGovernment measures for the protection of secondary industries, they oppose them. I am getting tired of their attitude towards the industrial section of the community, which I and other honorable senators of my party represent. It is no exaggeration to say that more miles of wire netting for farmers have been paid for by the people of Australia than have been bought and paid for by the farmers themselves. Notwithstanding the generous assistance given by various governments to the fanners at the expense of the taxpayers, the representatives of rural industries take the first chance they get to defeat proposals for the assistance of workers in secondary industries. It is a grave reflection on the Government that, for the passage of this and other similar measures, it has to depend upon the support of the Labour senators. I regret that some of my own colleagues are, for various reasons, unavoidably absent. It is the duty of the Government to have a sufficient number of its supporters in attendance to ensure the passage of its measures.
– I resent the statement made by the Leader of the Opposition (Senator Barnes) that the farmers of this country have been given more wire netting that has been paid for by the people, than they have bought themselves. It is unwarranted, and I believe that the honorable senator will, upon reflection, admit that he made a mistake.
Senatorcollings. - This is the first time, Mr. Chairman, that a charge of that nature has been made about anything that I have said in this chamber. I am not here for fun. I have set for myself a standard of political honour never to make a statement which I know to be untrue. Coming from the source it does, the remark is exceedingly offensive to me, and I ask for its withdrawal and an apology.
– I am not going to he told that I make statements which I know to beuntrue. I insist upon a withdrawal and an apology.
– If the honorable senator feels hurt at what I have said I withdraw the statement and apologize! Nevertheless, I still hold to my opinion. Any assistance which the farmers of this country have received for the purchase of wire nettinghas been by way of loan, with provision for interest and sinking fund payments.
Question - That the words proposed to be left out be left out (Senator DuncanHughes’s amendment) - put. The committee divided. (Chairman - Senator the Hon. Herbert Hays.)
– Does the Government propose to take the rebuff which it has just suffered, or does it intend to recommit the measure? Why pull down the house because there are burglars in the basement ? The words which it is proposed to leave out may still be necessary. Why delete them ? If there is to be a fight, I shall be pleased to assist the Minister in any way I can.
– I appreciate the humour of the honorable senator, but it is ray duty to see that the bill is re- turned to the House of Representatives in proper form.
It is anticipated that the appropriation bill and several other measures will bo before the Senate by Thursday next, and that from that day, there should be sufficient business to keep the Senate fully engaged until Parliament adjourns for the Christmas vacation.
– I shall oppose the motion moved by the Leader of the Government in the Senate because important matters are awaiting discussion in this chamber.For instance, the following notice of motion appears on thenotice-paper in my name: -
That in the interests of the people in Australia, the Federal Government should take action on the lines adopted by the British Government to establish hydrogenation plants for the extraction of oil from coal and shale.
That, in the opinion of the Senate, the sum of £6,000,000 should be set aside for the above purpose.
Under a sessional order, private business takes precedence of Government business on Thursdays after 8 p.m., but the Government, with the aid of its brutal majority, is depriving honorable senators of the right to discuss the important subject of extracting oil from coal and shale. As a representative of New South Wales, where over 7,000 coalminers are unemployed, it is my duty to bring that motion before the Senate, particularly as some relief should be afforded to them before Christmas, but, I am precluded from doing so.
– Senator Rae and I, who have consistently advocated the cause of the workers and of the primary producers in New South Wales, have no doubts in that direction. If the leader of the “ Black swan brigade “ wishes to “ lock horns “ with me at the pre-selection ballot or on the hustings, I invite him to do so. Matters of great importance to the representatives of Queensland are also awaiting discussion. I hope that it is not proposed to have all-night sittings in order to dispose of the business to be dealt with before Parliament adjourns for the Christmas vacation. I understand that the Government is contemplating a reconstruction of its budget, apparently because the prosperity which the Government declared was just around the corner has now disappeared around another corner! We are asked to adjourn until Thursday in order that the House of Representatives may deal with the Estimates. I should like to know the policy of the Government in regard to a flour tax.
– I rise to a point of order. I submit that the honorable senator is not in order in referring to the flour tax on this motion to fix the time of the next meeting of the Senate, although he would be in order in referring to that, or almost any other subject, on a motion for the adjournment of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT (Senator the Hon. P. J. Lynch). - In the first portion of his speech, Senator Dunn referred to a number of subjects which, he said, could bo dealt with by the Senate to-morrow; and to that extent he was in order. His reference to a flour tax was not, however, in order. I ask the honorable senator to confine his remarks to the motion before the Chair.
– I protest against the proposal to adjourn the Senate until Thursday in view of the fact that a sufficient number of honorable senators of all parties is now present to deal with important business on the notice-paper.
– I, too, protest against the proposed adjournment of the Senate till Thursday. There is business on the notice-paper which could be dealt with, and, if necessary, the Standing and Sessional Orders could be suspended for that purpose. The Leader of the Senate (Senator Pearce) frequently moves for their suspension to meet the wishes of the Government, and similar action couldbe taken to enable motions in the name of private members to bo discussed. I am interested in the motions standing in the names of Senators Dunn’ and Rao, and am of the opinion that an opportunity to discuss them should be given. It is not right that honorable senators should be forced to spend to-morrow playing golf or bowls when there is public business awaiting their attention.
– I hope that when the Senate meets on Thursday there will be work for us to do. I make a practice of being here when the Senate is sitting, but I do not care to spend more time in Canberra than is necessary. Particularly do I dislike being brought here only to find that there is no business to engage the attention of the Senate. Twice this session the Senate has adjourned for a fairly lengthy period - fourteen days on one occasion, and thirteen days on another. To-day, we have sat for less than three hours, and it is now suggested that the Senate shall adjourn until 3 p.m. on Thursday. I do not blame the Leader of the Senate (Senator Pearce), for he cannot be held responsible for delays which take place in the other chamber, but the Government should arrange its business better. Even when the Senate adjourns for a fortnight honorable senators from Western Australia have only about one and a-half days at home; they arrive home on Friday morning and have to leave again the following day to reach Canberra in time for the sitting on the following Thursday. And this is only possible when the Leader of the Senate arranges for the Senate to meet on Thursdays instead of on Wednesdays after an adjournment. Were that not done a fortnight’s adjournment would not enable senators from Western Australia to visit their homes. I hope that in future, when we are dragged to the
– I protest against the proposed adjournment until Thursday not merely because I have a motion on the business-paper, but also because this is one of a number of occasions on which honorable senators have been brought here only to find little or no business awaiting them. Unlike Senator E. B. Johnston, I do blame Ministers. They should arrange their business better. Unfortunately, the lot of a private member in any parliament, whether he be a supporter or an opponent of the Government, is to be humbugged and kicked about at the will of ministers. There is a growing tendency for governments to do as they like and for parliamentary control of the executive to become weaker. Private members are like footballs, to be kicked about at the will of the Government in power. Honorable senators know that the reason for the adjournment is that the House of Representatives has not dealt with certain business.
– That is because the party of which the honorable senator is a member has talked at large on every subject with which the Estimates deal.
– I welcome that interjection, for it is a confession of the abject failure of the Government to control the House of Representatives, notwithstanding that Government supporters represent an absolute majority of its members.
– The Government does not know its own policy for more than an hour at a time. One day it suggests the imposition of a flour tax, and the next day it proposes a cash payment to the wheat-growers. Such a display of incompetence, ineptitude and inefficiency this country has never previously witnessed.
– Practically every professor in the country has been consulted by the Government in an attempt to frame its policy, and when it thinks that it has made up its mind, another professor comes along with a fresh idea, and the Government’s policy is re-cast. The Government is humbugging members and hoodwinking the people. Its legislative programme is a thing of shreds and patches. We are accustomed to pass a measure to-day, reverse it to-morrow, recommit it the next day, and then go home having laboriously done nothing. I protest against this method of conducting the public business. As regards the precedence of private member’s business on Thursday evenings, I endorse all that has been said by my colleague. Government after government has attempted to destroy whatever small opportunity private members formerly enjoyed for the ventilation of grievances. Our standing orders can be suspended readily enough to rush through Government business, and to this end we constantly forego all the safeguards involved in delay between the various stages of bills. Indeed the only standing order observed in this House is one for the suspension of our standing orders. Yet while that practice is followed almost daily, and whilst contingent notices of motion are tabled to permit of certain measures being put through at express speed, no proposition is submitted for the discussion of private members’ business when Government business fails. Honorable senators are not consulted in regard to the private business which they place on the notice paper, yet they are expected to render every possible assistance to get Government business through promptly. When they have done that, they discover that their own business is hung up indefinitely. I hope that if this Government will not mend its ways, it will be replaced by a government which will do the right thing in this connexion, and which, when defeated, will make way for another government that will follow in its footsteps.
SenatorFOLL (Queensland) [5.53].- I desire to bring under the notice of the Minister representing the Minister for Trade and Customs, a telegram I have received from the President of the Chamber of Commerce at Mareeba, and the President, of the Tobacco-growers’ Association there, relative to the report recently made by the board of three gentlemen who investigated the conditions obtaining in the industry, and the action of the Government in increasing the customs duty on imported tobacco, with the exception of cigarette tobacco, by 6d. per lb. The telegram reads -
Following telegram Cairns Post. A tariff resolution imposing from to-morrow an increase of sixpence pound in present duty of three shillings on all smoking tobacco except that imported for cigarettes was tabled by the Minister for Customs (Mr. White) in the House of Representatives to-day. Mr. White said that the Government had decided on this course to raise additional revenue towards meetingthe three million pounds required for wheat-growers. Greatly depressed tobacco growers and commercial residents have been expecting Government make alterations in tariff that would enable industry be successfully established. Respectfully point out that although sixpence extra duty on tobacco may materially assist wheat-growers is not sufficient to stabilize tobacco industry, and suggest in addition to sixpence import duty that excise on same be similarly increased with corresponding decrease on locally-grown. A protection that will permanently establish industry is of material Empire importance.
When the Prime Minister was in Queensland, this particular section of the community requested that a special inquiry should be conducted into the conditions existing in the tobacco industry there. The report by the committee which investigated those conditions, has been submitted to the Government and presented to Parliament. That report has come as a thunderbolt to this section of the tobacco-growing industry, particularly in view of the fact that one of those who are responsible for it, is a gentleman who was mainly instrumental in attracting settlers to that portion of Queensland. Whilst I admit that there was a certain amount of go-getting and salesmanship in connexion with settlement in the Mareeba district, it is a fact that many of the settlers were invited to settle there by the Grown. Crown lands were made available to them, and they were induced to believe that the area was the most suitable in Australia for tobacco culture. During the first two years of their settlement, their operations were entirely successful. They had good crops for which they obtained satisfactory prices. As a result more men settled in the district and made it their home. But, in the report which has now been presented to Parliament, the district itself, as a tobaccogrowing area, is very severely criticized. This is inexplicable, seeing that one of the members who conducted the inquiry was himself largely instrumental in imbuing settlers with the idea that the district is eminently suited to tobacco cultivation. The truth is that during the present year an abnormal rainfall has brought into the crop a disease known as “ froggy eye.” What action does the Government propose in respect of the recommendations contained in that report ? Many of those recommendations relate to matters within the jurisdiction of the State government, but some of them call for Commonwealth action.For instance, one recommendation is that greater powers should be vested in the States, and that the Commonwealth should more or less abandon the tobacco arena. The increase of the customs duty on imported tobacco by 6d. per lb. will be of only slight assistance to the locally-grown leaf. The main inducement we can offer Australians to smoke the local product is to make it cheaper than the imported. That is the quickest way of encouraging the consumption of locally-grown tobacco.
SenatorFOLL. - We need to make it available to smokers in the easiest method possible. Much of the disfavour with which the local product is regarded arises from prejudice. It is very doubtful whether many men who claim to be connoisseurs of tobacco can discriminate be tween the imported and the local article. The report of the committee has caused much concern in the most northern portion of Queensland. To those who have looked upon Mareeba as an ideal place for tobacco cultivation, it has occasioned the greatest surprise. The extra 6d. per lb. customs duty imposed on imported tobacco is intended to enable the Government to collect more revenue so that it may give further relief to the wheatgrowers. I hope, however, that it will not be regarded as the final measure of assistance to be accorded the tobaccogrowers. I suggest that if another 6d. per lb. excise duty were levied upon imported manufactured tobacco, the Australian factories would be encouraged to continue to purchase the locally-grown leaf. The report states that the committee examined bales of locally-grown leaf which had been rejected by buyers, and that it generally upheld the action taken by the BritishAustralasian Tobacco Company. But there are scores of farmers who have not had an opportunity this season to submit their leaf for purchase by the local buyers. I bring the matter forward because tobacco cultivation in Australia is destined to become more and more important, and it is imperative that the Government should take more cognizance of it. The Commonwealth, in conjunction with the States, should embark upon a definite campaign of instruction in respect of tobacco cultivation, so that Australian growers may become thoroughly familiar with the latest methods of curing the leaf, and may learn whether they are attempting to grow it in unsuitable soil. I trust that the policy of the Government will follow the lines I have suggested, thereby making Australian-grown tobacco leaf more attractive to local consumers.
– Earlier in the day, I addressed a question to the representative in this chamber of the Minister for Commerce, and was asked to give notice of it for tomorrow. It now transpires that for the Senate, no to-morrow exists. ,
– The exchange adjustment will not- operate until the tariff has been validated by Parlia- ment. Many people who have Christmas goods in bond are wondering when the tariff will be disposed of, for every day’s delay seriously affects their interests. I should like the Minister to state at once, so far as he is able, when we may expect that the tariff will be finally passed. I do not wish the Minister to disclose any secrets regarding the relations between the United Australia party and the United Country party, but, if he can give me an answer on which I can base a reply to my constituents, I shall be grateful to him.
I confirm the remarks of Senator Foll concerning the importance of the tobacco industry. I am in entire sympathy with the request from Mareeba, < a copy of which Senator Poll forwarded to his Queensland colleagues. It seems to me that an increase by 6d. of the customs duty on imported smoking tobacco would be helpful in providing assistance to the wheat industry, without imposing hardship on Austraiian smokers. Senator Foll also said that an increase by 6d. of the excise duty would do no harm ; and I point out that, those who have invested their capital in the cultivation of tobacco in Australia are especially desirous of making the industry a success, and the report of the expert committee which recently investigated the industry in Queensland is not particularly encouraging.- The tobacco-growers in that State think that the Government might further assist the industry on the lines suggested in the telegram which was read by Senator Foll. I am heartily in accord with the proposal by Messrs. Hunter and Henderson, of Mareeba, and I hope that* the Government will take action as suggested by the presidents of the Mareeba Chamber of Commerce and the Tobaccogrowers Association at Mareeba.
– I received an amazing reply to-day to questions submitted by me to the Minister representing the Minister administering war service homes. I asked whether it was a fact that the two officers whose services were dispensed with by the State Government Agricultural Bank on the Commonwealth Government resuming the administration of war service homos in Tasmania, were originally employed by the War Service Homes Commission; if so, what was the duration of their employment, and the remuneration paid in each case; and, further, whether they carried out their duties in an efficient manner when employed by the Deputy Commissioner prior to the Agricultural Bank taking over the administration of war service homes in Tasmania. I first brought this matter under notice on the 17th November, and I received a reply from the Minister on the 21st November. Hansard records that the Minister stated, “I wish to emphasize that these officers were not in any way employed by the Commonwealth “. The Minister, had been misinformed, because, of course, these officers had been in the employ of the Commonwealth. I do not suggest that the Minister attempted to deceive me, but I claim that he has been misled. The reply received by me to my question as to whether these officers had carried out their duties in an effective manner when employed1 by the Deputy Commissioner prior to the Agricultural Bank taking over the administration of war service homes in Tasmania, was - “ The records available do not enable a definite statement to be made”. If I were the Minister in charge of that department, I should blush with shame for trying to “put over” such a reply. Those who were in charge of the Deputy Commissioner’s office in Tasmania at the time referred to are not dead. Therefore, it would be possible to obtain from them a reply to the question; the answer which I received is merely an evasion. If the Minister in charge of war service homes were now in his old battalion, and I were still his commanding officer, I should see that he did not give me a reply of that nature. It is necessary to submit question after question in order to get any information from the department. If the records available actually do not enable a definite statement to be made, the department and war service homes administration must be in a sorry mess.
– I shall bring Senator Sampson’s observation under the notice of the Minister concerned. I can only imagine that, during the transition period, the records of the services of these officers “were lost.
In reply to Senator Foll, whose remarks were supported by Senator MacDonald, I assure the honorable senator that the tobacco industry is giving the Government great concern. Apart from the report that has been furnished by the Expert Committee, a conference of the State authorities has been held. Every State was represented, except “Western Australia, whose views were communicated in a letter received from the Premier of that State. The conference, which was attended by the official heads of the Agricultural- Departments in the various State’s, assembled in Canberra about three weeks ago, and submitted certain recommendations regarding further expenditure for the purpose of instructing the growers in the cultivation, curing, and other treatment of tobacco. I have submitted their recommendations, together with my own comments, to Cabinet, by whom the matter is now being considered. Speaking for myself, I regard this industry as of great importance to Australia, and its interests must be safeguarded in a number of ways. The diseases to which the tobacco plant’ is subject are numerous, and I can assure honorable senators that the Cabinet is giving the closest attention to the claims of the industry.
Senator DUNN (New South Wales) [8.0’. - I direct attention to the following statements which appear in to-day’s Sydney ‘Telegraph: - A PARADOX IN WHEAT AND BREAD. Farmers Suffer. Public Pays and Pays.
Wagga, Monday. “ Wheat is £4 a ton and the people are paying £31 a ton for bread,” said Mr. E. E. Field, at the meeting of the Farmers and Settlers Association.
Australian growers were supplying the world’s cheapest wheat, he added, but bread was dearer in Australia than in England.
Another speaker pointed out that 50 bushels of wheat made 1,400 loaves at 5d. a loaf, which would yield £28 3s. 4d. Of that, the baker and the miller got £21 18s. 4d. In addition, those 50 bushels provided 800 lb. of bran and pollard.
Urging a fixed price for wheat for home consumption, Mr. Field said that wheatgrowers were facing the worst year they had ever experienced. He complained that a meeting of the Export Quota Committee, of which he is a member, was held on Friday, yet he received notice of the meeting on Saturday morning.
Canberra, Monday. The Federal Government may decide that wheat relief will be given in cases only where the taxable income is not more than £250 a year.
If that is what the Government intends to do, the leader of the Country party in this chamber is due for a shock, because it is understood that some readjustment of the budget proposals will be made, and certain of the Government’s tax relief schemes will be reviewed. The report states further -
A number of United .Australia party members may press for an increase in the basic wage, proportionate with any advance in the price of bread resulting from the flour tax.
We should all like to know what is in the mind of the Government. Following the lead of its predecessor, it made a reduction of the basic wage, and as indicated in the criticism from this side of the chamber, it may be necessary to restore the 10 per cent, reduction made in salaries and wages of the Public Service to offset the increase of the cost of living due to the imposition of a sales tax on flour.
– I am glad to v know that tlie Country party has not yet accepted the Government’s proposals with regard to a sales tax on flour. My party certainly will not accept them.
– If the honorable senator is willing to put up a fight for £3,500,000 for the wheat-farmers, I am with him. The report goes on to state -
A small supplementary budget may be necessary to provide the £1,270,000 still required by the Federal Government to meet the £3,000,000 wheat grant. Cabinet sat to-day and to-night without reaching a decision. So far it has been decided that -
Any re-adjustment of other tax relief will only be on items in respect of which dealers havenot passed on to the public the benefitof their tax concessions.
My only source of knowledge about the Government’s proposals is the daily newspapers. Whenever I attempt to get information in this chamber, I get a ministerial “ wipe off “. 1 am told that, as my inquiry touches Government policy, no statement in respect of it can be made in answer to questions. I notice that the Leader of the Senate is “ tick-tacking “ to Government supporters to leave the chamber, so that, if attention is called to the state of the Senate, there will not be a quorum present,and this chamber will adjourn. Of course, I know that the right honorable gentleman wishes to get away to play a game of bridge with some of his friends, and, while I have no objection to that pastime, I believe that honorable senators should stay here to discuss the probable effecton the people of the proposed sales tax on flour. The following report appeared in the Castlemaine Mail on Friday last : -
Opposition to the proposed flour tax, on the ground that it will increase the disabilities winch its members already suffer, through salary cuts, is expressed in a telegram which has been sent to the Prime Minister (Mr. J. A. Lyons), by Mr. David McKellar, the secretary,on behalf of the Victorian branch of the Australian Public Servants Association.
The message states- “ As the Victorian Premier, despite protests from the Public Servants Association, proposes to extend the Premiers plan salary reductions beyond June next, and as such salaries are not, and never have been, increased in accordance with the cost of living adjustments, this association, representing the Victorian public servants, emphatically protests against the proposed flour tax, which will increase costs of living, and will add greater injustice to a section bearing more than its share of the general sacrifices.”
The same remark applies to Commonwealth and public servants in New South Wales, and to the rank and file in all branches of trade and industry throughout the Commonwealth. Since the accession to officeof the Stevens Government in New South Wales, workers on the basic wage in that State have lost approximately 16s. a week, to which must be added a further reduction of 2s. a week following an award of the State Court a fortnight ago. I notice that the Government Whip is ready to drop the axe on this debate.
– Workers on the basic wage in New South Wales already find difficulty in obtaining the necessaries of life, so they can ill affordan increase of the price of bread. The principle of a sales tax on flour is wrong, and should receive short shrift from this Parliament. I have been careful to read only extracts of criticisms that have appeared in newspapers which do not support Labour’s policy. If I were to quote the opinion of the Labor Daily, the camp followers of the Government would immediately charge me with relying on the views of biased critics. I am not doing that. I now invite the attention of honorable senators to the following comments which appeared in a leading article of the Sydney Telegraph of to-day’s date: -
Tax talk from Canberra becomes interesting indeed. To the taxpayers, and still more to the consumers of taxed goods, it begins to resemble the pretty little game called “ put and take.”
Apart from the suggestion that the so recent budget may be remodelled, with restoration of some income taxes to provide money for wheatgrowers’ relief, the Minister for Trade and Customs (Mr. White) prophesies “strong action “ ‘if the reductions in commodity taxes arc not passed on, with benefit to the consuming public. But Mr. White does not say what form the strong action will take.
It would be exceedingly simple and strong, if the Government turned an eye of cold wrath upon the merchant and said, “ Since you made so little concession to your customers, but kept the. benefit for yourself, the tax will now be renewed.” In that attitude of austere virtue the Treasury would do a good thing for itself, by recovering the lost revenue which it now wants to hand out to wheat-farming applicants. To regain the primage and customs remissions on tea, for example, would bring into the Treasury another £320,000 a year.
Cite as: Australia, Senate, Debates, 28 November 1933, viewed 22 October 2017, <http://historichansard.net/senate/1933/19331128_senate_13_142/>.
colored toilet paper rolls discontinued cancer , colored toilet paper cancer ebay what year was discontinued,colored toilet paper walmart rolls discontinued,colored toilet paper rolls 1970s cancer ,colored toilet paper discontinued 1970s history ,colored toilet paper rolls s walmart for sale, colored toilet paper amazon rolls discontinued,colored toilet paper amazon st what year was discontinued walmart,colored toilet paper 1970s amazon discontinued,colored toilet paper amazon walmart history.
The preparation of this Calendar, which was funded by the National Science Foundation, took ten years. It was accomplished by a team of seventeen professors, visiting scholars, graduate students, advanced undergraduates, and staff working at the University of Notre Dame. See staff list and acknowledgements »
Dr. Marvin Bolt and Steven Lucy, working at the Webster Institute of the Adler Planetarium converted the data to a form usable on the web in May 2009. This website also includes many of the same support documents (Introduction, Bibliographies, etc.) as the published volume, and most have not been updated.
Author's Note: Both published books and electronic databases have many strengths, but in some cases they are different strengths. For example, the published Calendar includes a 60,000 item index, which in some cases will provide information not readily accessible in the electronic version of the Calendar. The quick searchability of the electronic version is, of course, its major strength.
(16) Ahmad bin Muhammad bin Sa'eed bin Oqda narrated from Ali bin al-Hasan from Muhammad bin Khalid from Tha’laba bin Maymoon that al-Hasan bin Haroon had said:
Once I was sitting with Abu Abdullah as-Sadiq (as) when al-Mu’alla bin Khunays asked him: “Will al-Qa'im (as), when he appears, act unlike the way, in which Ali (as) has acted?”
. Кальян Фараон 2013матовый софт тач – это современная модель, имеющая уникальный, дизайнерский стиль. Он сочетает в себе качество, красоту и комфорт. Наслаждаться таким кальяном дома – одно..
LEDs are simply small lights in an electrical circuit. However, unlike common incandescent bulbs, they don’t have a filament that will wear out and they don’t get particularly hot. They are lit up only by the movement of electrons in a semiconductor material.
LED lights are the next generation of lighting that save energy, reduce maintenance and replacement costs and help protect the environment. The lifespan of a LED surpasses the short life of an incandescent bulb by thousands of hours.
LED lighting can save up to 90% of the electricity used by incandescent and halogen lights and up to 50% of electricity used by fluorescent lights. Around 80-90% of the energy emitted from incandescent bulbs is converted to heat instead of light. LED lights are also designed to last about 50 times longer than incandescent lighting.
Unlike LED lights, most fluorescent lights and compact fluorescent lights (CFLs) harbor hazardous materials, such as mercury. This requires their careful and proper disposal, ensuring that they do not contaminate landfill sites. As most cannot be dimmed, Fluorescent lights may suffer from flickering. LED lights, utilize solid-state technology enabling stable dimming with no flickering. Fluorescent lights may take noticeable time to reach optimum brightness, a problem that is compounded in cold conditions. LED lights are instant-on in any environment.
A LED lighting retrofit is upgrading the lamps and fixtures in your home, office or warehouse to a more energy efficient product. The lamps and fixtures most commonly used in today’s lighting retro-fits are LED’s.
We have been seeing a great push in the direction of LED lighting retro-fits from owners, municipalities, school boards and the utility companies. All parties have found the necessity and importance for energy efficiency and that is why rebates and incentives have been made available. Local 400 has been actively involved with the changing of 10’s of thousands of lighting fixtures in the Monmouth and Ocean County area. Institutions that were once built by the members of Local 400 are now writing a new chapter in their history by becoming “green” facilities. Places such as AT&T, Meridian Hospitals, private office spaces and many school districts have all taken the initiative and met their demands with the labor of IBEW Local 400.
We have partnered with local contractors who specialize in this area of work to make sure that the workforce that we are providing is the most skilled, trained, reliable and ourselves efficient to meet the demands of this scope of work. If you are interested in receiving more information on how a LED lighting retro-fit may be right for your business please contact IBEW Local 400, 732-681-7111.
These are some of the reasons that business, municipalities and school boards look into LED Lighting Retro-Fits.
By cutting the watts you use can cut the amount it costs you to light your facility. Your utility bill will always reflect your usage and your savings plan will be in place when utility costs inevitably rise.
Your parking lot, auditorium, or atrium areas are difficult to reach without a lift, making maintenance difficult, time consuming and inefficient to be maintained on a regular basis.
Fluorescent lamps do not have an “instant on”, making a room feel dark or inefficiently lit until they warm up to the proper light output.
Exterior lights use high pressure sodium lamps, resulting in an orangish light, making your facility look uninviting and having the appearance of being dimly lit.
The utility company wants you to save energy. This helps reduce the demand on energy generating facilities.
LED systems are not 100% maintenance-free, but products are coming to market with warranties of five or even 10 years.
Property manager with a lot of turn-over, or a manufacturing facility that has to re-organize its space with some frequency have all found the benefits of a lighting retro-fit. Good lighting promotes job safety and helps reduce inefficiencies and helps lease spaces and keep tenants longer.
This is a perfect time to evaluate your business’ needs and consider investing in energy efficient products from the start. Lighting is a cost effective way to trim your environmental impact, and be able to take advantage of building a new facility. This allows you to design a lighting package that is optimal in both output and efficiency.
Since November 14, 1917, the members of I.B.E.W. Local 400 have provided the skilled Electrical Workforce to Jersey Shore and beyond. Our highly skilled workforce ensures that you receive the highest quality craftsmanship with on-time and on-budget projects.
LookForIt is a potential unwanted program which belongs to adware group. If you do not pay enough attention to your internet activities, you may get your computer infected by this adware because it is good at bundling itself with free downloads or lurking secretly in hacked websites. Thus, you should be careful when you download something and choose customer installation to make sure no extra unwanted applications can get inside your computer.
Once installed, LookForIt modifies your browser settings without permission so that your browsing experience will be ruined by this adware program. Every time you surf the internet, you will receive tons of annoying pop-up ads which are displayed by LookForIt. You make these pop-up ads disappear by just simply closing them. Even if you reset or reinstall your browsers, these pop-up ads will come back again and again. If you click one of these ads by mistake, you will be redirected to some websites which are aiming at promoting certain products, services or programs.
What's more LookForIt adware can monitor your internet activities that means it can get your online traces information such as searching key works, favorites, bookmarks and so on. This program can use the information for making more relative advertisements or send the information to cyber criminals for achieving their illegal purposes. Anyway, no matter what happens on your computer you need to uninstall LookForIt adware immediately before it causes more troubles which may be harder to solve.
Before the removal, please first back up your system! You should be extremely careful when deleting any file, because any mistake may lead to system crashes and other severe consequence.
Reboot the computer and before Windows interface loads, hit F8 key repeatedly. Choose “Safe Mode with Networking” option, and then press Enter key. System will load files and then get to the desktop in needed option.
Open Registry Editor by pressing Windows+R keys, type in regedit and click “OK” to launch the Windows Registry. Then delete all LookForIt registry entries and keys.
To completely delete LookForIt, you need to know that the manual removal above may not be able to remove virus completely, because the creators of virus are always updating the virus version.Besides,any tiny mistake during the manual removal process may lead to severe consequences. Therefore,to ensure a complete and safe virus removal, it’s recommended that you get rid of virus with Automatic LookForIt Removal Tool.
Walmart ladies bowling shoes - Like now the info related to Walmart ladies bowling shoes much looked for by internet cyberspace user. Nevertheless, there’s not page about Walmart ladies bowling shoes totally. I am sure that you ‘re attempting to retrieve the data relevant to Walmart ladies bowling shoes till catch this web.
But, maybe posting about Walmart ladies bowling shoes on this website can not accomplish your desire consequently that still require more comprehensive posting. those can be due to broadcasted articles on this site have been made some time ago and has not been updated, so these weren’t up to fulfill your wants.
Below are my writings alike to Walmart ladies bowling shoes . You can choose one of these. I hoped that the following articles can be a useful for you.
Dick’s Sporting Goods or we know it as Dick’s is an American retailer that sells sports equipment. We can find […]
How Much Are Kyrie Shoes? Kyrie Shoes are very famous basketball shoes. The type is complex sports shoes. It is […]
First of all, talking about shoes size 10 in Europe, we know that shoes are our feet protectors and many […]
Every year about one-third of elders over sixty-five years will fall. This case will increase to almost half of people […]
Technology development as new shoes release application today has been on and in progress and the progress seems to be […]
Women are usually paying attention to their appearance or the fashion. However, recently men also give more attention to their […]
Spinning is a cycling activity but performed indoors. This sport has been existed for a long time but became so […]
Buying new shoes makes everyone excited due to many options of products in the stores, including sports shoes, casual, boots, […]
I accidentally used a raw floppy copy program and raw copied a floppy onto my hard disk, and it has re-written the hard disk binary and it thinks its a floppy disk as it says it as 1430 something KB etc. is there any fix for this? Or do I have to re-format? eeeek help!
I really hope not, I haven't backed up this week yet and some very important files lie on it, the situation is as follows ...
I solve business problems. The majority of solutions involve some degree of computing power. You can find other downloadable applications on my web site at www.chrisgreaves.com
2004 ford explorer cigarette lighter wire diagram as well as jeep liberty engine mounts diagram including 2000 jeep cherokee sport fuse box diagram together with jeep wiring diagrams wrangler lighting
definitely not her dreads, the site isn't in English so i'm not sure what its saying regarding selling but for one thing that pic on the left should be recognisable to all and it has had a watermark added
Oh dear, there appears to be A LOT of very recognisable images on there, all with their watermark slapped across... need someone who reads french to have a see what they're talking about.
Ahhh I remember this one! I think I posted it on the old board. Sucks they haven't changed though... URGH.
From what I can tell it's just a "look at their pretty hair" site, odd how they have "improved" the images with watermarks though!
Sign up before December 21, 2018 to lock in the discounted $37 registration rate - Price increases on December 20th at 11:59 pm.
We invite you and your families to run, walk, hop, skip or jump your way through the Philadelphia Zoo on Saturday April 27, 2019 to help raise awareness about children’s grief and the support they need to carry on in a healthy way.
Run or walk this mostly flat USATF Certified course through the Nation's Oldest Zoo. Just as in the years past, this event will be chip timed and starts/finishes near the front of the Philadelphia Zoo. Walkers will begin after runners to ensure a smooth start. 5K COURSE MAP
Complimentary pre-and-post warm up/stretch, face painting, refreshments, DJ and more! Medals to top-finishers and age group winners. More details to come soon.
THANK YOU to our 2018 sponsors, runners, walkers and volunteers that made the 4th Annual 5k such a huge success! We almost doubled our participants from 300 to 550; raising $20,000.00. As a critical source of funding for Camp Erin Philadelphia, the Care to Carry on 5k provided support for 40 of the 100 campers who attended in 2018! At a cost of approximately $500 per camper, we hope to grow donations and participation in 2019 to increase the number of children who benefit from the program.
For anyone who has lost someone near and dear to his or her heart, as we have with Caroline, you understand the grief that overwhelms you in the days, months and years that follow. Children, unlike adults, do not have the experience and knowledge to understand what they are feeling or the ability to cope with grief head on. They need the support of caring adults and professionals to help them cope in a healthy way that may prevent potential negative outcomes.
Camp Erin Philadelphia is a weekend overnight camp for children and teens in the Greater Philadelphia Region, who have experienced the death of a significant person in their life. This camp combines traditional, fun, high-energy camp activities with the grief education and support that kids and teens need to carry on after a loss, in a healthy way.
Out of the many children in the greater Philadephia area who are greiving the loss of a loved one, Camp Erin Philadelphia provides 100 campers each year with an opportunity to know that they are not alone in their grief. The camp is free for all children to attend and proceeds will help fund:
For more information on children's bereavement sevices offered in the local Philadelphia area, please visit the David Bradley Children's Bereavement Program web site, part of Penn Wissahickon Hospice.
“I used to think I didn’t belong, but after Camp Erin I feel important and I do belong, no matter who or what I am, I’m loved.” 11 year old girl
“Camp Erin was an emotional roller-coaster. I went from feeling sad to being glad in five minutes. Most important, at Camp Erin I learned I did not have to hold back my emotions, listening to other peoples’ stories can and does help, and communication is key. Before camp, the only person I talked to was my sister. Now I feel like anyone can help.” 15 year old boy
Camp Erin® Philadelphia is a free, weekend bereavement camp for youth who are grieving the death of significant person in their lives. Children and teens ages 6 to 17 attend a weekend camp experience that combines grief education and emotional support with fun, traditional camp activities. Led by bereavement professionals and caring volunteers, campers are provided a safe environment to explore their grief, learn essential coping skills, and make friends with peers who are also grieving.Camp Erin Philadelphia was created and is supported in part by Eluna.
Inspired by Caroline Gallagher Cranston who lost her fight to AML Leukemia after 21 months, the Care for the Cure Foundation was founded to raise awareness and funds for blood cancer treatment. The Foundation has since expanded to support like-minded organizations. We understand that life-taking diseases like Leukemia not only affects the person battling it, but every other person in their life that cares about them as well. Both Erin and Caroline's compassion and concern for others who they left behind are why we Care to Carry on.
Andri Þór Sturluson, member of parliament for the Pirate Party, took to Facebook in order to encourage those who are against the arming of Icelandic police officers to call the national emergency hotline (112) whenever they see suspicious, armed men, whoever they may be, according to RÚV. He hopes that such an action would encourage the national commissioner of the Icelandic Police to re-examine a new policy.
This comes following a new decision by the national commissioner that armed officers be visible at large public gatherings. Armed police could be seen, for example, at the national football game between Iceland and Croatia and at the Color Run in Reykjavík in recent weeks. Prime Minister Bjarni Benediktsson, in conversation with RÚV, said he hoped that the policy is only temporary.
Andri’s Facebook post has received mixed reactions, including concerns about such an action impeding police and emergency activity as a result of all lines being busy. He responded by saying that it wouldn’t take long to have an influence and adds that protests also typically hinder regular police activities.
Þórhallur Ólafsson, director of the national emergency hotline, told RÚV that he was surprised by Andri’s comments. “Fluctuations in our workload could result in it not being possible to get through to us, which can have unpredictable consequences.” He continued by warning the public not to follow through on the suggestion. “He is encouraging putting the public in danger. Our message is that the emergency hotline should not be misused under any circumstances.”
As of Wednesday morning, Andri Þór’s idea has gotten 70 likes on Pírataspjallið Facebook chat group for the Pirate Party, but it has also been criticized by those who worry that the influx of calls will prevent people who really need assistance from getting through to the police when they need to. In an interview with Vísir this morning, however, Andri Þór said that the idea was simply meant to be funny, and to make people think.
“Of course it’s a comic idea to call the police on the police. That’s just funny. Of course it’s not fun anymore if people believe that you want to block the emergency line and create some kind of danger. That’s just not right. I think that we need to stop for a moment … when we’re reading and watching the news. Then we’ll see that there is no reason to be so upset.”
“I don’t want people to block the emergency line…I want people to think about things from more than one perspective.”
This time of year is a quiet one. Even the wind is quiet on the crispiest and calmest of days. When the air is so crisp that the rouge is painted on your cheeks in all its dotted irregularity, even the silent symphony of wind and breeze quiets down to listen to the invisible song of silence in the air.
Silence is broken only by the wave as it gently strokes the frozen particles of sand on which the layer of snow is almost immediately drowned in cold seawater from the grand Atlantic Ocean; or by the cracks in the hard snow when fresh feet build new pathways on the thick layer of snow.
One of the best times to be out and about on such days is late morning, that time when most of us are too busy at work to experience the magic that is in the air.
For the runner, whose spirit is often defeated by cold and wind in these long winter months, days like these are an occasion to run gently on the slippery frozen layers of snow, with clear skies and a glittering sea to cautiously admire.
For the dog person, this is the day your dog will do little else than ask you to go out for long walks. To a dog, the crisp air is refreshing and the snow replaces the sea to dive into, at least while the real seawater is too cold for swimming.
Even for the most hopeless of tropically acclimatized residents, days like these simply demand an outing. A mere sniff of the air’s freshness is enough to feel alive and strong, like that first sip of cold spring water after a long hike or run.
Life always seems to slow down in February. It’s as if time moves a little slower (almost as slow as in January when you actually want time to move a little faster), dragging out the dramatic contrast of nature in the month when daylight begins to meet winter’s finest exhibition.
In my mind, there is no month like February. As much as I dislike the cold and as much as I long for summer, February is the month when I take the time to enjoy winter. There is magic in the air.
The colors of nature are too intense not to notice, the gulp of cold air in the morning a sweet kind of cool, and the stars seem countless in the night sky; the orange in the winter sun is reflected on the glittery surface of the sea, building an imaginary bridge into the horizon.
It’s as if February arrives to take away the January blues and awaken our spirits by demonstrating to us how beautiful this world is when we take the time to enjoy it. For a little while, we get to live inside a painting that continues to amaze us each and every day.
So I say to you, dear reader, if you are contemplating that trip to Iceland, make it February. Of course, I cannot make any promises myself that each and every day is going to be a day inside a magnificent landscape painting.
But there is something very special in the air at this time of year. Maybe it’s the combination of bright days and wintery conditions, or how winter dresses the strange landscape in an array of white, emphasizing the snowless patches of old lava rock or other natural formation.
It so happens that almost all my favorite people in this world, all but a few of my closest family members, have their birthday this month, so there is reason for celebration.
I welcome this month into my life once more with an inviting smile and look forward to living in a painting for a month or so.
Views expressed here are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of Iceland Review.
Reader response essay in my personal family experience there are no obvious cultural gaps, however after reading birkerts' essay entitled the owl has flown, i have a better understanding of his by stating these answers to questions readers can begin to develop an idea for identifying a. Reading response the use of words to mislead or conceal will just earn distrust and disrespect from the people the different ways people lie are mainly to keep peace or to keep from losing respect and trust. I need two reading responses for two short essays first paragraph is a summary and it could be informal (you can just say what you liked or disliked about the essay) second paragraph is a narrative purchase the answer to view it artists_in_uniformdocx no_name_womandocx. Reading response essay in this unit, we have been reading essays in which authors propose solutions for problematic situations as readers, you have been asked to make purposeful, specific comparisons as a preliminary step in the analytical process.
How to choose a reader response topic optional: writing a reading response - продолжительность: 29:43 samantha boehle 5 606 просмотров writing short answer responses - продолжительность: 2:14 heart lake literacy 73 724 просмотра. Uwrt 1102-008 reading response #1: exploring genre a writer's voice is the writing style of an author it's what they're known for writing and how they stand out 1 the genre that i most often write in is essay 2 - my purpose in my writing is to always enlighten and give people a feeling of who i am. A response essay is supposed to express your individual point of view on something you've encountered and/or studied (usually, a book, an article, a speech, a movie, but in truth it can be when reading response essay example, you can have one or sometimes more of the following.
Essay poem close reading response and over other 29,000+ free term papers, essays and research papers examples are available on the website autor: people • july 14, 2012 • essay • 619 words (3 pages) • 844 views. What is a reading response essay in the response, you convey your personal opinion about the work you read, your thoughts and feelings that have arisen in you as you read the book or after therefore, first of all, it is necessary to read the work. Reading response: after reading secret of googlenomics, i immediately thought of the post that michelle fakhry shared a few days ago about facebook buying essay on reading response submitted by morganyyang words: 345 pages: 2. Reading response essays summarizes what you read gives your reaction to the text reading response vs evaluation you formulate an evaluation any time you answer someone's question, what did you think of that book (article, movie, class, or news report. Reading response - essay example comments (0) add to wishlist delete from wishlist got a tricky question receive an answer from students like you try us let us find you another essay on topic reading response for free.
Reading response essay or any similar topic specifically for you more essay examples on reading rubric marphur's immense experience as a pastor, interim pastor, consultant and professor give him an upper hand when it comes to invigorating the church through strategic planning. Reader response paper how do you critically, carefully read essays what is a critical response there is no right or wrong answer to a reader response nonetheless, it is important that you demonstrate an understanding of the reading and clearly explain and support your reactions . What do response essays usually deal with response essays do not have to be a sheer statement of view on a specific topic this will make the essay possess a very logical construction and easier for the reader to follow the course of thought of the writer. Response essay is a critique or evolution of an essay it is not similar to a summary, rather it imparts the writer's opinion concerned with the essay or article, which has been summarized a response essay includes the points of agreement or disagreement of the writer the text's strengths as well as.
Structuring a reader response essay this essay can be written as a process essay, a compare/ contrast essay 2 compare and contrast - how does this story/poem compare with others we've read in class attributes of a good reader response essay detail and examoples from the text, but. A reading response essay expresses a student's thinking about a piece of literature the rules for writing a response essay can vary depending on the purpose, the audience and the assignment so, the first rule in reading response is to know the requirements for the task.
Continue reading essay on personal response on sexuality identity answer selected answer: brainstorming response feedback: mbo is defined as a four-step process in which managers and employees (1) discuss and (2) select continue reading response essay 796 words | 4 pages.
Essays first require copious amounts of background reading and research so you can include accurate facts in your writing you then have to figure out how to present they often require varying degrees of critical responses sometimes, they may simply require a descriptive answer no matter their nature.
Reading response 1 question 1: chapter 1 1) identify and explain four basic causes of the environmental problems we face a population growth, wasteful and unsustainable resource use, poverty and failure to include in their market prices the harmful environmental costs of goods and.
Response essay definition: a response essay is usually requested to provide evidence of the writer's response to careful readi in a response essay, the reader is looking for the expression of your personal feelings about a piece of work and your ability to express these whilst maintaining reference. Reading response essay at the beginning of the semester when the reading responses were assigned, i really did not know what to expect or how to do any of them as the semester went on, i slowly figured out how to improve my work on these reading responses. Reading response essay - secure assignment writing and editing help - we provide affordable papers for students high-quality student writing company - we help students to get original essay papers starting at $10/page top-quality essay writing assistance - get professional help with. Reading response answers essay sample question 1: chapter 1 1) identify and explain four basic causes of the environmental problems we face a population growth, wasteful and unsustainable resource use, poverty and failure to include in their market prices the harmful environmental costs of.
There are plenty of good reasons for getting household insurance policies in Calgary. First off, you wish to ensure your home, cottage, or tenancy is roofed for problems, theft, and flooding. Next, you need to know For anyone who is overpaying for dwelling insurance, and For anyone who is, you need to know For those who have access to a more reasonably priced insurer. We can help you link which has a Reside coverage broker who provides you with the knowledge you might want to insure your property in Calgary. You may as well request a estimate from at least ten Canadian dwelling insurers, in order to Evaluate charges.
Household safety prices are distinct for rented and owned properties. Tenants insurance policy for rented houses addresses The fundamental contents of a residence and several liability (you might have a independent plan for fine art, wine collections, furs, along with other high-priced, atypical objects). Tenants insurance plan is frequently much less expensive than homeowners coverage.
Homeowners insurance policies handles the building and its exterior, together with challenges connected to theft, hearth, earthquake, etcetera. Considering that the price of the developing is much greater when compared to the contents of a rented unit, homeowners insurance policy rates are significantly greater than are definitely the rates for tenants insurance.
In the last 20 years, numerous modest companies have started to insure their own individual risks through a product identified as "Captive Insurance policy." Smaller captives (generally known as solitary-guardian captives) are coverage corporations recognized by the house owners of intently held firms aiming to insure challenges that happen to be either much too pricey or as well tricky to insure as a result of the traditional insurance coverage Market. Brad Barros, a specialist in the sphere of captive insurance, points out how "all captives are addressed as firms and must be managed in a technique consistent with guidelines recognized with the two the IRS and the appropriate insurance coverage regulator."
In keeping with Barros, normally solitary mother or father captives are owned by a trust, partnership or other composition proven by the high quality payer or his spouse and children. When correctly developed and administered, a business could make tax-deductible top quality payments to their connected-party insurance provider. Based upon circumstances, underwriting revenue, if any, may be paid out on the house owners as dividends, and gains from liquidation of the organization can be taxed at funds gains.
Top quality payers and their captives might garner tax Gains only when the captive operates as a real insurance provider. Alternatively, advisers and entrepreneurs who use captives as estate planning equipment, asset security automobiles, tax deferral or other benefits not linked to the true organization intent of the insurance company may well encounter grave regulatory and tax outcomes.
Quite a few captive coverage businesses are frequently fashioned by US enterprises in jurisdictions beyond the United States. The reason for this is international jurisdictions present decreased expenditures and larger versatility than their US counterparts. Like a rule, US corporations can use overseas-primarily based insurance policies organizations so long as the jurisdiction fulfills the insurance policy regulatory specifications essential by the Internal Profits Support (IRS).
There are numerous notable international jurisdictions whose insurance rules are recognized as Risk-free and effective. These include things like Bermuda and St. Lucia. Bermuda, whilst more expensive than other jurisdictions, is household to lots of the biggest insurance policy firms on the earth. St. Lucia, a far more within your means site for scaled-down captives, is noteworthy for statutes that are both of those progressive and compliant. St. Lucia can be acclaimed for a short while ago passing "Included Cell" legislation, modeled after equivalent statutes in Washington, DC.
Life insurance plan is one of The most crucial factors of any individual's monetary system. Nevertheless there is lots of misunderstanding about life coverage, largely due to way lifestyle coverage merchandise have been offered over the years in India. We have now reviewed some typical issues insurance policies consumers must prevent when shopping for insurance policies guidelines.
1. Underestimating insurance coverage requirement: Numerous lifetime insurance purchasers pick their coverage handles or sum assured, determined by the strategies their brokers want to provide and the amount high quality they will afford to pay for. This a Completely wrong approach. Your insurance coverage prerequisite is usually a purpose of your economic problem, and has almost nothing do with what items can be obtained. Lots of insurance policies potential buyers use thumb principles like ten occasions yearly money for canopy. Some fiscal advisers claim that a canopy of 10 periods your once-a-year income is ample as it offers Your loved ones ten years value of profits, if you find yourself long gone. But this is simply not normally correct. Suppose, you have got twenty yr home loan or residence bank loan. How will Your loved ones pay out the EMIs right after 10 years, when a lot of the mortgage remains remarkable? Suppose you may have incredibly young children. Your loved ones will operate out of money, when your children have to have it the most, e.g. for their higher education and learning. Coverage customers need to have to consider a number of variables in selecting simply how much coverage include is ample for them.
· Repayment of website the entire exceptional credit card debt (e.g. property personal loan, auto financial loan etcetera.) with the coverage holder
· Immediately after personal debt repayment, the cover or sum assured ought to have surplus cash to make adequate regular cash flow to protect every one of the living charges with the dependents on the plan holder, factoring in inflation
· After personal debt repayment and making month-to-month revenue, the sum confident should also be enough to meet potential obligations from the coverage holder, like children's training, relationship and so forth.
2. Picking out the least expensive plan: Lots of coverage consumers love to invest in policies which have been less expensive. This is yet another serious mistake. A cheap plan is not any great, In the event the insurance provider for some explanation or One more simply cannot fulfil the claim from the event of an untimely Loss of life. Even if the insurance company fulfils the declare, if it takes an incredibly while to fulfil the declare it is definitely not a appealing condition for family in the insured being in. You should take a look at metrics like Claims Settlement Ratio and Period intelligent settlement of Dying statements of different lifestyle insurance policies corporations, to pick out an insurance company, that may honour its obligation in fulfilling your declare in the timely way, should really this kind of an regrettable predicament arise. Data on these metrics for the many coverage corporations in India is out there during the IRDA yearly report (over the IRDA Internet site). It's also wise to Test assert settlement testimonials on the web and only then select a firm that includes a excellent history of settling promises.
three. Managing lifestyle insurance plan being an expense and buying the wrong prepare: The popular misunderstanding about lifestyle insurance policies is the fact, It is usually as a great expenditure or retirement arranging solution. This false impression is largely due to some insurance policy brokers who choose to provide high-priced procedures to gain higher commissions. In case you Evaluate returns from life insurance policies to other financial investment options, it merely does not sound right being an financial investment. For anyone who is a youthful investor with quite a long time horizon, equity is the best wealth creation instrument. In excess of a 20 yr time horizon, expenditure in equity resources by SIP will end in a corpus that is definitely not less than 3 or 4 periods the maturity level of daily life insurance plan system which has a twenty yr phrase, Using the identical financial commitment. Life insurance policy ought to generally been observed as defense for All your family members, from the party of the untimely Demise. Expenditure needs to be a totally different thought. Although insurance businesses sell Unit Linked Coverage Plans (ULIPs) as appealing expenditure goods, for your own personal analysis you'll want to different the insurance policy element and expenditure element and pay out watchful consideration to what part of your top quality in fact will get allocated to investments. In the early many experts in insurance matters years of the ULIP policy, only a little sum goes to buying models.
An excellent economic planner will often suggest you to get expression insurance plan prepare. A time period approach could be the purest type of insurance policy and is a straightforward safety plan. The top quality of time period insurance policy plans is a lot less than other kinds of coverage strategies, and it leaves the policy holders that has a much bigger investible surplus they can invest in investment decision goods like mutual cash that provide much increased returns in the long run, as compared to endowment or money back strategies. For anyone who is a phrase coverage policy holder, beneath some unique situations, you may opt for other types of insurance coverage (e.g. ULIP, endowment or a refund strategies), in addition to your term policy, for your unique financial wants.
four. Obtaining insurance for the goal here of tax scheduling: For a few years agents have inveigled their shoppers into acquiring insurance policies ideas to save lots of tax below Portion 80C of your Profits Tax Act. Buyers need to recognize that insurance policies is probably the worst tax preserving financial investment. Return from insurance strategies is during the selection of 5 - six%, Whilst General public Provident Fund, another 80C investment decision, offers near nine% threat free and tax cost-free returns. Fairness Linked Saving Strategies, A different 80C financial investment, gives A lot increased tax cost-free returns around the long run. Additional, returns from insurance policies designs is probably not completely tax cost-free. When the rates exceed 20% of sum confident, then to that extent the maturity proceeds are taxable. As discussed earlier, the most important detail to note about lifetime insurance policy is the fact that goal is to deliver existence address, not to make the best financial investment return.
five. Surrendering life insurance plan plan or withdrawing from it prior to maturity: This is certainly a significant oversight and compromises the monetary security of your family inside the function of an unfortunate incident. Lifestyle Insurance policy shouldn't be touched until finally the unfortunate death of your insured takes place. Some coverage holders surrender their policy to fulfill an urgent fiscal need to have, Together with the hope of buying a new plan when their money predicament enhances. This kind of policy holders have to have to keep in mind two items. First, mortality is not really in any individual's Handle. Which is why we invest in lifetime insurance policy to begin with. Next, existence coverage gets quite expensive since the insurance buyer gets older. Your economical system should provide for contingency money to fulfill any unanticipated urgent expenditure or give liquidity for any length of time within the event of a fiscal distress.
six. Insurance policy can be a one particular-time work out: I am reminded of the outdated motorcycle ad on television, which experienced the punch line, "Fill it, shut it, ignore it". Some coverage potential buyers provide the very same philosophy in the direction of life insurance. The moment they get sufficient address in an excellent existence insurance coverage system from the reputed firm, they assume that their daily life insurance coverage demands are cared for permanently.
That is a error. Fiscal condition of insurance coverage prospective buyers alter with time. Assess your latest income using your profits 10 yrs back again. Hasn't your revenue grown a number of occasions? Your Way of life would also have enhanced significantly. If to procure a life insurance coverage strategy 10 yrs in the past depending on your revenue again then, the sum certain will not be plenty of to satisfy All your family members's latest Life-style and wishes, from the unfortunate celebration of the premature death. Thus you should buy a further term intend to address that threat. Everyday living Insurance policies needs must be re-evaluated at an everyday frequency and any additional sum assured if essential, should be bought.
1Paul, a servant of God, and an apostle of Jesus Christ, according to the faith of God's elect, and the acknowledging of the truth which is after godliness; 2In hope of eternal life, which God, that cannot lie, promised before the world began; 3But hath in due times manifested his word through preaching, which is committed unto me according to the commandment of God our Saviour;
4To Titus, mine own son after the common faith: Grace, mercy, and peace, from God the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ our Saviour.
5For this cause left I thee in Crete, that thou shouldest set in order the things that are wanting, and ordain elders in every city, as I had appointed thee: 6If any be blameless, the husband of one wife, having faithful children not accused of riot or unruly. 7For a bishop must be blameless, as the steward of God; not selfwilled, not soon angry, not given to wine, no striker, not given to filthy lucre; 8But a lover of hospitality, a lover of good men, sober, just, holy, temperate; 9Holding fast the faithful word as he hath been taught, that he may be able by sound doctrine both to exhort and to convince the gainsayers.
10For there are many unruly and vain talkers and deceivers, specially they of the circumcision: 11Whose mouths must be stopped, who subvert whole houses, teaching things which they ought not, for filthy lucre's sake. 12One of themselves, even a prophet of their own, said, The Cretians are alway liars, evil beasts, slow bellies. 13This witness is true. Wherefore rebuke them sharply, that they may be sound in the faith; 14Not giving heed to Jewish fables, and commandments of men, that turn from the truth. 15Unto the pure all things are pure: but unto them that are defiled and unbelieving is nothing pure; but even their mind and conscience is defiled. 16They profess that they know God; but in works they deny him, being abominable, and disobedient, and unto every good work reprobate.
Our CNC Design team, we are committed to providing the best quality technology, expertise and support. We make it our business to help you compete with the best in your field - whether that means empowering you to build better machines or enabling you to produce internationally competitive products.
In his 36 years as the men’s head basketball coach at Duke, Mike Krzyzewski has delivered countless motivational speeches to his players.
On a cloudless, cool May Sunday morning, Coach K was again exhorting Duke students — reminding them that attitude, belief, preparation and execution are the keys to being a part of a successful team — except this time his words were directed at Duke’s Class of 2016 during the university’s 164th commencement ceremonies.
Duke President Richard H. Brodhead presided over the ceremony, which awarded more than 5,300 undergraduate, graduate and professional degrees before a stadium packed with cheering family and friends.
The ceremony also marked the return of commencement to Brooks Field at Wallace Wade Stadium. Last year’s ceremony was moved to the Durham Bulls Athletic Park downtown because of renovations to Duke’s football stadium. The improvements to the football stadium are still ongoing and quite visible, including a three-story, glass-enclosed suite and press box area towering above the stands on the west side.
“We, like much of this campus, are under construction,” Duke Chapel Dean Luke Powery said in the opening invocation. “We’re all a work in progress.”
Twelve of this year’s graduates were the first recipients of Duke’s undergraduate Certificate in Innovation and Entrepreneurship. The program encourages students to pursue a rigorous, cross-disciplinary study that builds on Duke’s existing emphasis on knowledge in service to society.
Another five graduates were in the inaugural class of the MasterCard Foundation Scholars Program, which provides access to quality and relevant education to academically talented young people from Sub-Saharan Africa who are committed to giving back to their communities and countries.
The ceremony, which was webcast live on Duke’s YouTube channel and covered on Twitter at #Duke2016, also honored students who graduated in September or December 2015.
Krzyzewski, who has led the Blue Devils to five NCAA championships, amassed the most wins in NCAA Division I men’s basketball history and been inducted into the Naismith Basketball Hall of Fame, said it was the first time he had spoken at a graduation.
“I’ve been asked really about 100 times to speak at graduations around the country and I saved myself for you. … I’ve dreamed of this day, just like you’ve dreamed of this day, and it’s an honor.”
Coach K often mixed humor with personal anecdotes to lay out the successful formula he’s followed in his life. He spoke about his mother who advised him on the day before he started high school to get on the right bus. He told her he knew how to get to school, but she responded, “Tomorrow you’re going to meet new people. You’re going to get on a different journey. And the bus that you drive, make sure it’s the right one. Make sure you let only good people on it. … Good people will make you better.”
As an extension of that advice, Krzyzewski said he has no rules for his basketball teams, only standards, which include “communication, we’re going to look each other in the eye, we’re going to tell each other the truth, we’re going to have each other’s back, … we’re going to be enthusiastic, we’re going to win and lose together.”
He reminded the graduates that they will be knocked down from time to time, “but failure or any kind of setback is not a destination. … There was something good about being knocked down as long as it wasn’t your destination.”
In addition to being the coach at Duke, Krzyzewski is also the head coach of the USA Men’s National team. In that role, he’s guided the men’s basketball team to gold medals at the 2008 and 2012 Olympics, and will again coach the U.S. men’s basketball team during the upcoming Summer Olympics in Brazil.
He spoke about the challenge of pulling together superstars into a team, “to get them to find one heart.” One way he did so was to take the Olympic team to visit with wounded veterans and with military troops “who understand selfless service, and really have the biggest hearts in our country. And as a result of being with them they felt it. And as a result of that we played with one heart.”
Coach K, who also teaches courses in leadership at Duke and is active in the Durham community and with several charitable organizations, concluded by asking the students to stand and link arms. At the count of three, he told the students, squeeze your arms together and yell, “Together.”
Effective teamwork begins and ends with communication. Communication does not always occur naturally, and must be taught and practiced in order to bring everyone together as one. The most crucial element of communicating is telling the truth.
When you are winning, your commitment is never challenged. But loyalty and dedication during difficult times can be tough. When commitment doesn’t waver, that’s when you have the greatest chance of winning. You can never give up.
Take care not to allow one aspect of your life to so consume you that you neglect the others. Balance can put things in perspective, can bring you joy even when you are down, and can allow you to be at your best in all aspects of your life.
You have to adapt what you do based on who you are. In teaching, you must remember that no group or individual is the same as who you taught the day before, the year before, or the decade before. Your plan has to suit who you and your team are right now.
Belief can mean the difference between a fear of failure and the courage to try. On a team or in a family, belief makes each individual stronger and also fortifies the group as a whole. The basis of belief is in individual relationships.
We win and we lose together. Handling the responsibility for wins and losses together removes the burden from one individual’s shoulders and distributes it among each member of the team. That atmosphere is conducive to high-level performance and places you and your team in the position to be bold and unafraid, and if you should lose, you are not alone.
No matter how successful you believe yourself to be, you can never feel as if you’ve reached the absolute pinnacle. There are always new and wonderful challenges out there, and part of maintaining success is knowing when you need to accept them.
You can possess countless good qualities as an individual, but if you don”t have the courage to proceed, you may never see those qualities come into fruition. It takes courage to put what you believe to be best of you on the line, to test it, and to see how far it takes you. Courage means daring to do what you imagine.
When you care about someone or something, you show genuine concern for that person or thing, in good times or bad. When you care about one another and about your purpose, you are compelled to put your feelings into action. Care creates an atmosphere that breeds success and gives you the confidence to try again.
Adversity can teach you more about yourself than any success, and overcoming an obstacle can sometimes feel even better than achieving an easy victory. Through adversity, you can discover things about your endurance, your ability to turn a negative into a positive, and your personal strength of heart.
Mike "Coach K" Krzyzewski is the Head Men's Basketball Coach at Duke University. Learn More About Coach K
Restructuring and the new working classes in Chile: trends in waged employment, informality and poverty, 1973-1990 | Coady Institute
Restructuring and the new working classes in Chile: trends in waged employment, informality and poverty, 1973-1990
The author discusses the reorganization of the labour market, and the redefinition of poverty, which accompanied the neoliberal experiment in Chile.
The story so far: On November 28, 1939, 75 years ago, a thick, black smoke covered St. Louis, turning day into night, snarling traffic and angering and shocking residents. A Smoke Elimination Committee was created and it met through January and into February sorting out its limited options for finagling cleaning the city’s air. As February continued, the city waited for the committee’s report.
The Smoke Elimination Committee issued a 31-page report that was published across the front page of all three newspapers warning that to rid the city of its black smoke each winter it was going to have to pay more to heat homes and run its industry.
All furnaces, stoves and power plants should be required to burn only smokeless fuel or they would have to install new equipment to mechanically feed fuel into boilers, the report said.
The options for so-called smokeless fuel would range from low sulfur coal to coke and other byproducts that could be manufactured from the cheap high-sulfur coal that nearby Illinois coal dealers had been supplying to St. Louis customers. The mechanical option for most meant installing stokers.
The report stated that the black smoke that seemed to greet St. Louis every winter was “unbearable” and that is jeopardized the city’s “health, financial welfare and good living conditions.”
James L. Ford, the local banker who had headed the smoke elimination committee, issued a letter that accompanied the report that said what would be needed next would be legislation from the city to adopt the recommendations and assistance from neighboring cities. If that happened, he said “this evil” could be stricken from the city.
As the St. Louis Globe-Democrat pointed out, similar recommendations had been made five years earlier and then ignored by the city.
The Smoke Elimination Committee said if its recommendations were adopted the city would begin to see some relief by the next winter and an elimination of the smoke within two to three years.
Anticipating that the transition to the new, more expensive fuel might be rocky, the report recommended that the city be allowed to buy, sell and distribute the new fuel if private vendors were unable to carry out the task.
It also called on the railroads to do their part to eliminate the fumes coal-fired locomotives were causing in the city, although it did not spell out how that would occur.
The report also took a shot at the city’s public schools, reporting that during the winter many of the schools seemed to be the worst offenders in producing smoke. While there were legal questions on whether city government could force the politically independent school board to comply with these recommendations, the report said this “should not be raised. The schools should voluntarily conform.”
The report also rejected five other ideas that had been bandied about, especially in the newspapers, over the last three months. These included:
Rejecting the need for a municipally owned and operated plant that would process coal and produce a smokeless fuel. The committee concluded that there was no need for the government to take over a private system of business.
An education program to teach residents how to improve combustion and curb the smoke they were producing. Education programs had been tried in the past, with limited success.
Replacing the coal by using more heating oil or natural gas. Neither fuel had the capacity at this time to replace coal.
Building a district heating system that would supply steam to commercial, industrial and residential customers. The cost would have been enormous and time consuming.
The committee report conceded that the new smokeless fuel would be more expensive. But it also argued that this type of fuel was more efficient and long-lasting than the smoky coal most customers were using.
All three newspapers gave the report extensive coverage. The Post-Dispatch headline declared “Plan to Rid City of Smoke in 3 Years is Presidented by Citizens’ Committee,” the Globe-Democrat said “Mayor’s Committee for Smokeless Fuel Law” and the Star-Times reported “Six-Way Attack on Smoke Evil Called for in Mayor’s Committee.”
Finally, a plan had been devised. The question now was whether it would be embraced or rejected. That answer would begin to come clear almost immediately.
© Robert Wyss and Coal Black Sky, 2014-2015. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from this blog’s author and/or owner is strictly prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Bob Wyss and Coal Black Sky with appropriate and specific direction to the original content.
I've heard stuff like Gnarles Barkley on the radio, and even though the music's not bad, the lyrics are very ordinary. Part of my problem is that I get hung-up on lyrics for otherwise very fine songs. Afro Celt Sound System sounds interesting (at least based on the name!). I'll look them up. I had a friend try to turn me on to Jeff Buckley, but I thought it was only okay. Unearthed looks interesting. I might just buy that.
As for Cantopop, Karen Mok is the only one whose music has really stuck with me though I have a Coco Li CD as well (usually I prefer the Mandarin over the Cantonese, as I have at least a passing chance of understanding it). Even with Karen Mok, though, as soon as I sit down and try to translate the lyrics, I am usually greatly disappointed. I've heard that there's a very interesting underground rock scene in Beijing. I would love to be able to hear some of that.
EDIT: I take back everything I just said about Jeff Buckley. I just listened to his stuff again, and yeah. It's growing on me.
Mr Children are my favourite band <3 they have amazing, very touching songs (although 'Surrender' was so devasating they stopped playing it live, people were committing suicide after listening to it). You can find great lyric translations at centigrade-j.com.
I am out of touch with all other kinds of music except for random stuff with fantastic beats by Royskopp, Chicane, Goldfrapp, The Knife, m-flo (also Japanese, but their English is pretty passable and aside from that these guys are insane xD) and Clazziquai (Korean).
There is also a very cute, twee, techno-poppish Chinese band called My Little Airport, although I haven't heard anything out of them for a while.
If you are into lyrics, Cloud Cult is a wonderful band. Fantastic music too. Read up on the life of the main guy behind it and you will be hard pushed to find something as strong.
He said: “Yes, he will. Ali has acted with leniency and forgiving because he has known that his Shia are going to be controlled after him. But al-Qa'im (as), when appears, will kill and capture because he knows that his Shia will not be defeated after him forever.”45
TUSCALOOSA, Ala. (AP) Alabama's offense didn't put up the video game-like numbers that had seemingly become commonplace. The defense played so well, again, that it didn't matter.
The top-ranked Crimson Tide had its second straight shutout in a 24-0 victory over No. 18 Mississippi State on Saturday, while Josh Jacobs ran for a touchdown and caught a scoring pass.
With quarterback Tua Tagovailoa still battling a gimpy right knee, the Tide (10-0, 7-0 Southeastern Conference, No. 1 CFP) turned to defense for another vintage performance.
This entry was posted on Saturday, May 5th, 2018 at 10:03 pm and is filed under 1. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
Vixen is a woman of experience and I could tell by the way she walks. Her hips sway seductively and she takes every opportunity to bend over and flaunt that tight sexy ass. Plus, this hottie walked up
Silky Black is an ebony hottie with a sweet face, big natural tits and well rounded bottom. Here she flaunts her hot assets to tease a black stud and gave off a hot blowjob before getting hard butt po
Meet Fushia, a busty ebony with a big appetite for cock sucking and pussy pleasure. Watch her show off her huge milk bags to a chocolate colored hottie with a big stick and an appetite for ebony pussy
The scene opens up outdoors with ebony model Angel Eyes showing off her fleshy rear. Moments later, she's in a living room and got joined by a black hottie whom she pleasures with a thorough cock slob
Ebony model Nyla Knight poses in front of the camera, hiking up her sexy negligee to show off her back sides. She began taking off her clothes and gets joined by a black hottie. The guy made her swall
Beauty Dior is a black model with an ass that she enjoys showing off in front of the camera. Here we have her doing her thing to attract a black hottie, starting off by doing a striptease and then rea
Description of Granny Tube Video: Vixen is a woman of experience and I could tell by the way she walks. Her hips sway seductively and she takes every opportunity to bend over and flaunt that tight sexy ass. Plus, this hottie walked up to me in the supermarket and ground her round rump into my erection. at freegrannyvideos.com
Any past favorites, have already gotten a few requests for Chocolate Salty Balls and Fish and Chips.
2005-07-06 06:43:53 i want that turkey thing the ripoff priced damage move i always complained about
2005-07-06 07:58:39 Yeah, you better not be forgetting my fish and Chips, Bubba. I was about to cook up a storm if you hadn't mentioned it. :P
2005-07-21 22:29:51 Oh Killer J... no disrespect intended, I was just mucking around... please don't take offence.
2005-07-24 02:04:10 You know, seeing people like Bubba still around makes me happy. That's what was the best part of this game, the people playing.
2005-08-10 18:29:17 Yeah coz CB really is fat...coming from the guy thats like 5 foot nothing and fat.
2005-08-11 20:53:30 You're 179cm and 13... me thinks you are either lying, or taking growth hormones in your daily Weetbix.
CSS property overflow controls how content is handled when it is larger than its container. You have to decide whether you should cut off that content or let it extend beyond the thing of which it is inside. http://www.technoblogical.com/web-design/ Providing training since last Tuesday http://www.technoblogical.com Thanks for watching!
This is a small tutorial on how to modify your css headers to allow them to be fixed. Fixed headers allows you to create a header on the page and then it is fixed in that position on the page, so that as you scroll the header will overlap the content staying in the same place you set.
Good morning! Let's take a look at CSS and what it has to offer your web page. CSS can be challenging and create many bugs if you are not careful with your syntax and fully understanding what your asking the page to populate. Today, we looked at the background-image and how to tweak it in order to visualize it a particular way. During this learning experience, it seems as if there are hundreds of ways to perform a certain task but there is also a more efficient way. Tapping into that efficiency is vital and that is something I hope to master. With your comments and feedback, it will help propel me in that direction! We also observed something strange happen once we tried to move images left and right. Upon floating the images, the right one failed to stay within the div element, why was this? It seems a probable solution was to use the property overflow with the value hidden. It sucked the floating image into the div! With that, I hope you guys can chime in and start discussing what I went over in this video? Did you learn anything? Did I explain certain aspects correctly? Much love, people. Don't forget to visit my website! I provide affordable, several web and internet products/services to include web hosting, domain names, website editing, security measures etc. Here is the link: https://www.movedefense.com Find Me: Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/michael.lopezgarry.3 Twitter: https://twitter.com/MichaelGarry10 LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/michaellopezgarry3/ Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/mgarry22/
Check out my new site at http://www.youtubemuse.com/ In this screencast, we are going to talk about setting an element's overflow property using CSS. There may be times when you have to place a very big image in a box that can only be a certain width and height. This is a good time to set the overflow property to insure that your box does not get stretched out and destroy your page layout.
A float property allows you to take an element in normal flow and place it as far to the left or right of the containing element. When you use the float property you should use the width property to indicate how wide the floated element should be . If you do not the box might take the full width of the containing element. Float can be used to place elements or boxes next to each other. We use div element to create multiple columns with floats. The following properties are used to position columns next to each other. They include width –which sets the width of columns , float – which positions the columns next to each other and margin which creates a gap between the columns. Sometimes a container containing floated elements height might be treated as if they are zero or 1px . To solve this problem , we use two rules with the containing element. The overflow property is given a value of auto andthe width property is set . Sound effects by Duy Joseph https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H7VnuznuNsE Background Instrumental by http://www.purple-planet.com/ First steps.
In this tutorial you are going to learn css overflow property in hindi, urdu language.You can learn different type of css overflow properties like overflow, overflow-x and overflow-y.After giving a height to div tag may be your data overflow that div. To resolve that overflow issue we can use css overflow property and add scroll bar to that div or hide the overflowed content.
Metadata is extra non-critical information about the main contents of a file, or about the circumstances in which a file was created, etc.
Many, many formats contain data that could be considered to be metadata, but this page is only concerned with dedicated metadata formats which, for one reason or another, are best documented as separate formats.
Metadata is a great thing to have for publicly-available files, but there's a sinister side to it too... it's come out lately that all sorts of people are snooping into the metadata of your life (such as who you're calling or e-mailing), and this can reveal a lot about you.
Free FlipBook Creator (Pro) Themes Pack- Marvels (Professional Shopping Catalog theme templates) This theme Marvels has been specially designed for people who want to create online flash catalog or digital brochure. T...
Catalyst Catalog Builder creates, distributes and updates desktop catalogs that sell more. Showcase your products including quality product images, detailed descriptions, up to date customer specific pricing and one clic...
Database that merges product data and images with address book data in order to generate e-mailable web pages. It makes it simple to instantly build and send personalized, branded, and hyperlinked electronic brochures, c...
The eLibrary software will enable anyone to produce a quality digital brochure, catalogue, manual or skill training program in less time and for less cost than by traditional techniques. The creator simply needs to drag ...
ALL-in-ONE easy to use disk cataloging software which helps you to effective organize, maintain and explore your media collections. Catalogs your Audio CD and MP3's (including ID3 Tags), DVD Movies, Digital videos, photo...
Do you get a headache looking for files in stacks of CD-ROMs? Now Catalog Max can help you. Catalog Max is a tool designed to help you create catalogs and reports for your floppy disks, hard drives, optical disks, CD-R...
CD Catalog Expert is a Windows application, designed to organize and maintain a catalog of your computer media collection, including CD-ROMs, harddrives, audio CDs, MP3s, removable disks... This is useful if you want to ...
DBMACHINE Is PERSONAL DATABASE SYSTEM for storing, manipulating and hierarchical presenting of different types of information into tree explorer with fixed categories. In the current version of the program, there are Pe...
Runtime creating and resizing .Spire.Designer provides support to Move, re-size, and create objects controls at runtime. The controls can be moved using mouse as well as keyboard.. Rich functions Multi-select, edit and...
Related downloads: .net runtime designer, .net form designer, c# runtime designer, designer library, form designer vb.net, form designer c#
If you need an electronic catalog to keep up with your customer's demands and to stay ahead of competition, you'll like HyperPublish. With this professional, quick and powerful all-in-one environment you can create stunn...
3D PageFlip for Image can create beautiful Flash Photo Gallery with realistic 3D book flipping effects. Add unlimited images! You don't need the Flash software for editing the gallery. You can easily add, edit or delete ...
WinCatalog Standard takes cataloging to the next level. This software is as easy-to-use and friendly as the Light version, but at the same time it is much more powerful and functional. Many features of this program were ...
My DVD Catalog is a simple dvd cataloger. Easily organize your DVDs by genre and rating. My DVD Catalog allows you to input DVD features and descriptions....
Car Sales Cataloging software is a Windows software for car dealers, car salespeople. Software helps car dealers to maintain vehicle for sale inventories, quickly create car sales listings, web inserts, track and manage ...
Creating a professional catalogue / Web site / multimedia hypermedia CD or a manual with HyperPublish is really a snap! Not just an editor but a quick, powerful all-in-one environment for creating stunning catalogues, br...
Any content trademark/s or other material that might be found on this site that is not this site property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s.
Happy Wednesday! It's Robyn here today with 3 masculine cards using the Under Par stamp from IBFS. I have varied the theme to give you an idea of how versatile this stamp can be. Of course, many more themes could have been used with this great stamp. Hope you like seeing them and to get a closer look at this stamp, you can click HERE to go directly to the store page.
I've colored in the image using my Letraset Promarkers. The paper collection on all 3 cards is from the Et Cetera line by BoBunny.
This next one, I've paper pieced together. So, if you don't fancy coloring...this is a fabulous option!
Hi! How many of you are glad its Friday?? raise your hand? I know both my hands are up! I do love my weekends! I also Love using these awesome stamps!!! Today I chose this cute stamp called "Basket of Heart Scones" and made a tag! Tags are so much fun to make, cause they are quick and can be the perfect touch to a gift bag or in place of a card. I hope this inspires you to create, more details over on my blog. :)
Hi Everyone, it's Robyn here today. Boy, have I been having a card making fiesta! I love it! I was going to space these cards out over several weeks, but decided...nope! Share them all today! Hope you enjoy seeing them.
This stamp is one of the Wee stamps stocked by I Brake for Stamps. This one is called Wee Suzy. She's so cute! There are a lot more Wee stamps on the IBFS website. You can see them all HERE.
Here is a second card that I made using the Wee Suzy (by Designer Sylvia Zet) and carried by I Brake for Stamps.
This gorgeous little S.W.A.L.K. stamp is called Grandma. She's lovely isn't she? I love this image and couldn't wait to color it in using my Promarkers.
Moving down to this one (below). Well, I have to say that it just warms my heart. What a great stamp to brighten someone's day. It's so precious!
It is called "Mummy" and would you believe that this little cutie is on the Clearance Rack? Yup, sure is and you can find it (while supplies last) right HERE.
Below, is another of the S.W.A.L.K stamps...can you tell they're some of my faves? So cute! This one (below) is called The Present. You can see it HERE.
I sure hope you've found a bit of inspiration here today. These images as with all the images from IBFS stamp beautifully and make wonderful additions to your cards and projects. Thanks so much for stopping by today. We always appreciate it so much!
{Jane Bosi} Hi Dee Ho! I wanted to post this card with my all time favorite LOVE stamp from I Brake For Stamps today--it's a reminder to play in the I Brake For Love challenge over on the IBFS Challenge blog! Our monthly challenge will change soon, but there is still time to play and win! Check out this post for all the details!
This stamp is one of the first IBFS images I ever owned. Of course, I now own a half million of their wonderful images. But, this one does remain a favorite. It reminds me of my littlest wees......Have a great day, play a challenge, enjoy a kiss.....stamp on! TTFN, Jane
Well another Friday and I hope everyone is excited about the weekend! I am, I get to work in my craft room, getting back in order to create! yay! For my Friday project, I used the Medium Sunflower stamp to make this ThankYou card. I really like the way it turned out! I hope you do too!
{Jane Bosi} Who can relate? LOL!! I love the brand new Humorous Seniors!!! This one is called Stressed Estelle, BUT YOU HAVE GOT TO SEE THE REST!! LOL!! I fashioned this image into a humorous Valentine for the Hubster. Each year, we have a bit of a competition.....I win on design, but he always blows me away with his wit!! I think I did well this year--all around! Thanks, Estelle! LOL!!! TTFN, Jane
Hi Everyone, it's Robyn here on this cold Michigan Wednesday. If you have a little sunshine and warmth to spare would you send some my way? Burrrr! Hopefully, this will brighten things up a bit; I have an anniversary card to share with you today. I've used the Bride and Groom Couple stamp from IBFS and some purdy Wild Orchid Crafts flowers.
The card measures 5 1/4" x 5 1/4". I've used my largest rectangle nestie to cut the image out and then cut a black mat with my paper trimmer. I've added some seam binding and a vintage-looking brad and a bit of bling. Hope you enjoy seeing it.
Hi, Elsa here with another card. By the time I was done using all side punches and nestablility dies on this card it turned out to be a huge card measuring 7x6! I added just a lil' teal in with the black and white to add hint of color. The hat stamp "Vintage Hats" -on its own is not a really big stamp but inside the nesty it took a life of its own, ain't it just beautiful? I love this stamp! The rosettes across the base of the card you can also find at the I BRAKE FOR STAMPS site, they are from Wild Orchid Crafts.
Hi Everyone, it's Robyn here today. I've had such a good time mass producing cards this week. This card is just one set of cards that I created. This is such a simple card so it was really easy to make a number of them in a short period of time. They are flat as well, so perfect for sending through the mail.
Once again, I've used my favorite stamp sheet from IBFS. It's called Inspirational Phrases and it's one I reach for over and over - SO versatile!
Thanks for stopping by today. We always appreciate you checking out what the DT have been up to. Hope you have a wonderful rest of your week!
{Jane Bosi} Today, I have a cute little dressy number! This is my favorite "fashion" image from I Brake For Stamps. I just love how the dress flows.... I'm not a very dressy person in my real life, but if I had a little black (or yellow) dress like this, I'm sure I'd love it! I've completed my card with a few Technique Junkie techniques--the background is called Faux Washi and the image is done with Out of the Box--a simple, yet effective technique. If you'd like more information about these techniques, feel free to visit my blog!
BY THE WAY!!! Have you heard IBFS is having a Design Team Call??? Follow this link for all of the information! And, have yourself an INKY day! TTFN, Jane
Hi! Ok so this is my very first official post as part of the I Brake For Stamps design team! I'm so excited! My name is Elsa and I own the Just a Few Designs blog. I was so excited when I was asked to be part of the IBFS family!!! How could I let such an offer pass by right? So here I am!! Sweet Della sent me some beautiful stamps so it was hard to chose which one I would start with, but this little "Country Angel" stamp won! I thought she was just so cute. Visit my blog for more details...hope this inspires you to create!
Good morning! Are you ready for a new challenge from the I Brake for Challenges blog? Today's theme is Love, and it's perfect for making some Valentine cards. Can you believe Valentine's Day is only two weeks from now?
For my card, I stamped this gorgeous scalloped heart five times onto a kraft card base. Each heart is paper pieced with a different patterned paper, and I added a few embellishments to several of the hearts. The beautiful sentiment is from I Brake for Stamps' MS102 Full Plate set - a wonderful collection of love-themed sentiments.
Head on over to the I Brake for Challenges blog to see what my fellow DT ladies created. Share your love-themed cards with us while you're there! :-)
Hi Everyone, it's Robyn here today. I have a Get Well card that I made for a friend of mine. I hope it brightens her day and lets her know how special I think she is. I've used 3 different stamp sheets; which happen to be all 3 on my favorite's list. The outside sentiment came from Every Day Phrases, the lovely butterflies came from Butterfly Kisses, and last but not least...my all-time favorite sheet...Inspirational Phrases. I use that sheet, it seems, for every card I create! Very versatile!
I fussy cut the butterflies and only adhered them to the card along the thorax so the wings would be dimensional.
Hope you enjoy seeing it. Thanks so much for stopping by. We always appreciate your time. Have a great rest of your week!
Aim: The aim of our study was to examine gender and age differences in the usage of exercise apps and the reasons for using such apps. The aim was also to investigate whether there was a link between the amount of exercise and the use of exercise apps.
Are there any connections between the use of exercise apps and the amount of exercise in physically active individuals?
Method: The study was quantitative and the data was collected by the use of questionnaires. A convenience sample of physically active individuals was made. The questionnaires were compiled and the data was analysed in SPSS. The data was not normalised and therefore no parametric analyses were used. Tables and figures were formed in Microsoft Word.
Results: In this study 292 individuals participated, of which 258 individuals were analysed as only those met the criteria for physical activity. The three major reasons why individuals used exercise apps were because it was comfortable, to measure statistics and because the apps were motivating. There were no differences between men and women regarding the use of exercise apps. However, there was a significant difference regarding age and the use of exercise apps. The age group 65+ was the group that differed from the rest as fewer individuals in this group used exercise apps. The results also showed that the individuals who used exercise apps exercised more minutes per week than the individuals who didn’t use exercise apps.
Conclusions: The study has given us an overview of the use of exercise apps in physically active individuals. The main motives for the use of exercise programs have been developed and the three most common exercise programs have been established. A connection between the use of exercise apps and the amount of exercise has also been shown. As research on this new trend is limited, these results may be a starting point for further research in this area.
A review of passages in the catcher in the rye a novel by j d salinger College paper Academic Writing Service gfhomeworkwsar.jayfindlingjfinnindustries.us
This item:the catcher in the rye by jd salinger mass market paperback $597 review novel by jd salinger, published in 1951 the influential and widely. Jd salinger's novel tells the story of holden caulfield, a literary figure you'll either love or hate watch this video to find out which camp. By now i'm sure you all know that jd salinger died on wednesday, of the book case: when did you first read the catcher in the rye. The catcher in the rye by j d salinger find the perfect quote to float your boat shmoop breaks down key quotations from the catcher in the rye. Before writing catcher in the rye, author jd salinger was in talks with harcourt, salinger suggested they publish his new novel instead gene said, 'the kid is disturbed,' giroux later told the paris review, continuing, wrote to him saying it has passages that are brilliant and moving and effective,.
There are numerous quotes from the catcher in the rye i could have chosen some of the novel's major themes, discussed in the analysis.
Although it's been 62 years since the catcher in the rye was first published, jd salinger's seminal coming-of-age novel doesn't look a day. Jd salinger's 1951 novel the catcher in the rye depicts a short span in the life of this passage shows that holden defends himself by pushing others away,.
“what really knocks me out is a book that, when you're all done reading it, you wish the author jd salinger, quote from the catcher in the rye conversely, gleaning the main ideas of a book via a quote or a quick summary is typical of the . The things that phoebe is talking about are rites of passage for maturity - a sexual the catcher in the rye is a popular novel written by jd salinger. Free summary and analysis of the quotes in chapter 1 of the catcher in the rye that won't by j d salinger the catcher in the rye chapter 1 quotes now compare this to the last paragraph of the novel, where holden says not to tell. When jd salinger's the catcher in the rye was first published, the reviews were hostile and dismissive however, by 1953 when i, a sulky. Everything you ever wanted to know about the quotes talking about innocence in the catcher in the rye, written by experts just for you.
Holden caulfield, the 17-year-old narrator and protagonist of the novel, speaks to the the catcher in the rye j d salinger character analysis holden caulfield he seems best at the rites of passage (smoking and drinking) that are . Jd salinger spent 10 years writing the catcher in the rye and the rest of his shane salerno and david shields co-authored salinger, a book looking at get the pick of npr author interviews, news and reviews delivered. Jerome david salinger was an american writer known for his widely read novel, the catcher in the rye the book received grudgingly positive reviews, and was a financial he quotes numerous lines from his works, bemoaning how the catcher in the rye has become his only work that anyone knows about salinger.
Like hemingway, salinger sees the world in terms of allies and enemies the catcher in the rye, like hemingway's books, is based on a scheme of sadness and lonely desperation in the catcher in the rye the passages where holden,. The catcher in the rye has 2328750 ratings and 49175 reviews mark said: journal entrytoday the catcher in the rye is a 1951 novel by j d salinger choices available, and we are certainly sheltered from a lot of the harder parts of life. Quotes alternate versions connections soundtracks 66/10 4,764 danny strong, kenneth slawenski (based on jd salinger: a life raised high by) reclusive author, jd salinger, who gained worldwide fame with the publication of his novel, the catcher in the rye 17 of 23 people found this review helpful. Analysis, related quotes, theme tracking yet even though holden is right that people are phony, catcher in the rye makes logo books and text blue a plus.
Jd salinger, who is the subject of a new book and film, pictured during the liberation mistake about the catcher in the rye, a mistake worth correcting york times book review assessment of salinger's daughter's memoir will find , two-thirds of the way through the book, an absolutely key passage. Today marks the 95th anniversary of jd salinger's birth author, known for penning the catcher in the rye and frann in fact, when the huffpost books team collectively re-read it, we he borrows this quote from wilhelm stekel: expert analysis and commentary to make sense of today's biggest.
Reading “catcher” used to be an essential rite of passage, almost original times book review of “catcher” of teen angst and an author's alienation artsbeat: why jd salinger never wanted a 'catcher in the rye' movie. 'catcher in the rye' author jd salinger has died at age 91 at his a number of jd salinger's short stories and also in the novel 'franny and.
Comparative case studies, methodological briefs: impact evaluation 9, unicef examination, often undertaken over time, of a single case – such as a policy. Project is a single-case longitudinal (5-year long) study and adopts a so called whole-school keywords: case study research, case selection, purposive selection, whole- methodology (bryman, 2008 creswell, 2007 gerring, 2010. In doing so it will consider, in brief, the importance of case study selection and variations like single or multi case approaches finally, it will conclude with some . Power of the single case (siggelkow, 2007) in this building theory from case studies is a research testing research may misunderstand the method (eg.
Case study methodology scholarship of teaching and learning research ethics this research table 1 comparison of case study with other research methodologies generalizing from single case studies evaluation. The common view that good case study research lacks a method is unwarranted 2 it excludes studies that aim to explain or interpret a single case but not to. Multidimensional analysis: a video based case study research methodology for examining individual dance/movement therapy sessions amanda mitchell. Lack of generalisation able to be built out of the single case – therefore lacking in knowledge which case-studies provide examples of that contribute to the.
Process tracing can be used both for case studies that aim to gain a greater but process tracing is a single-case method, meaning that only inferences about. Single case study analyses offer empirically-rich, context-specific, holistic of the following research methods: (i) single case study analysis methodology – that are central to the principles of single case study research. Researcher robert k yin defines the case study research method as an when using multiple cases, each case is treated as a single case. Compounding these problems is the lack of comprehensive guidance on case study research methodology in healthcare and to specify what “good” looks like.
Suitable for the study of a single case, the methodology also satisfies the standard of the natural science model of scientific researchthis article provides an. Gerring (2004) claims that case studies are essentially the intensive study of a single unit with an aim to generalize across a larger set of units this report will. Chapter 3: methodology 31 research design a multiple-phased single case study design was followed in order to explore the motivation of women.
Designs, and experimental designs used in single-case or small-group studies we also sum- marize the methodological requirements, pri- mary design options . A case study paper usually examines a single subject of analysis, but case study to study a case can rest within a quantitative, qualitative, or mixed-method. Buy single case methods in clinical psychology: a practical guide 1 by stephen morley case study research in counselling and psychotherapy integrates methodology and purpose in single case design (scd) with deceptive ease. The history of case study research is marked by periods of intense use and periods of single cases are used to confirm or challenge a theory, or to represent a.
Examples from relevant neuropsychological studies are provided in order to of case and group study methodologies for single and double dissociation. Unlike ethnographic research, case studies do not necessarily focus on cultural aspects of a group or its members case study research may feature single. Delineates and explains the essential characteristics of single-case research experiments, (2) single-case quantitative analyses, and (3) case studies.
In management and strategy research, interest in the case study as a method for neither single nor multiple case studies allow for statistical generalization, ie. These research methodologies range from the use of systems computer single case study focuses on a single case only, but multiple case studies include . Single case studies have been frequently criticised because they are incapable of providing generalising conclusions (tellis 1997) hamel et al (1993) and yin. Of case study method in research becomes more prominent when issues with in some case studies, an in-depth longitudinal examination of a single case or.
G. J. Kumbartzki et al. Structure of the Sr-Zr isotopes near and at the magic N=50 shell from g-factor and lifetime measurements in 88Zr and 84,86,88Sr
Cesar Lizarazo Analysis of neutron-rich isotopes around the Z ~ 38 region populated through a heavy-ion fission reaction 2014
Find somebody who knows their stuff on social websites and may assist with formulating procedures or creating ideas should really some thing go Completely wrong on social.
Appreciate the Zen method of checking out issues? Then Tweepi is to suit your needs! Imagine if in the future you detect that almost all of your Twitter consumers you abide by are inactive?
Pinterest is a fantastic chance to produce the brand identification and create pinboards that replicate the corporation’s values, but Nike is basically making use of it as an extension of its item catalogue.
Hmmm sorry, don’t definitely now what “follow the template” usually means …. all I need is for the cover Photograph to indicate proper again with all photographs and the complete textual content … isn’t there probably an application or on the web application that which make this do the job 1:1 for me!?
According to Socialbakers, if from zero to twenty percent of one's followers are phony, your account is sound and you have nothing at all to bother with.
Social media marketing Benchmark Review’s 2012 benefits claimed that nonprofits only allocated one/four of 1 entire-time man or woman to social media marketing internet marketing. Circumstance Foundation’s 2014 analyze (two click now yrs later) uncovered the selection experienced increased, if only slightly: Fifty percent of survey respondents had 1 total-time or component-time individual executing social media. To the remaining fifty percent, just one quarter applied a social networking workforce, the other quarter is advert-libbing it.
Instagram Followers Hack Tool seemingly is actually a computer software application that is definitely ‘responsible and 100% Functioning’. Like we haven’t listened to that 1 prior to.
On the ideal, you’ll see a couple of critical stats of your Twitter account for that month. These quantities are perfect for reporting purposes — to indicate your every month efficiency and decide month-on-thirty day period expansion.
Retweets generally is a indication of worth. Anyone discovered your tweet useful adequate to share with their audience.
Uncover regions of weaknesses inside your electronic abilities with a clear scoring framework to handle these components.
NOT Encouraged InstaShuttle – igtrain.ru – This website will work in the same fashion as InstaTrain (Beforehand talked over). InstaTrain didn’t do the job for me, I see no rationale why a Shuttle will function either.
I don’t Assume so. The web tools and apps tend to abide by what FB suggests, which works on desktop only.
In the period of slave-owning in America, supporters of slavery propagated faux news stories about African People in america, whom white folks considered to acquire reduce status.
faux fur bean bag chair epic faux fur bean bag chair in styles of chairs with additional intended for decorations faux fur bean bag chair teal.
faux fur bean bag chair uk pottery barn teal white fluffy ottoman bags fuzzy,faux fur bean bag chair pottery barn cover chairs for adults,faux fur bean bag chair cover uk slipcover beanbag large teal,faux fur bean bag chair amazon pink cover fluffy large bags fuzzy,faux fur bean bag chair pottery barn cat beanbag chairs for adults cover,faux fur bean bag chair canada chairs cozy for your residence concept pottery barn uk,faux fur beanbag bean bag chair restoration hardware teal amazon,faux fur bean bag chair uk urban shop cocoon adult size chairs for adults restoration hardware,faux fur bean bag chair teal uk gray grey buy arctic wolf cocoon pink,faux fur bean bag chair pink pottery barn restoration hardware beanbag black bags for kids view larger.
A green economy creates growth while also improving the environment and people’s lives. It’s a key part of sustainable development, and can be pictured as being built with three pillars: social, economic and environmental. In a general sense, a green economy means an economy that is low carbon, resource efficient and socially inclusive. Public and private investments drive income growth and employment in ways that reduce carbon emissions and pollution, enhance energy and resource efficiency, and prevent the loss of biodiversity and ecosystem services. Conservation of ecosystems and provision of sustainable clean energy are at the heart of the agenda for a green economy.
ICIMOD is working to develop a well-informed and action-oriented green economy strategy for sustainable mountain development. Through research and policy support, we work on ways to harness elements of a green economy to improve the economy, society and environment of the mountain region.
All the items you buy are quality checked by Envato. Any future update made available by the author is included with every purchase.
Following the death of a Liberian victim of the deadly Ebola virus in the country, Ghana has banned flights from Nigeria and other West African countries, according to allafrica.com.
The Managing Director, Ghana Airport Company, Charles Asare, said it was part of elaborate emergency measures the authorities were implementing to prevent the virus from spreading into the West African country.
Also, restrictions have been imposed on the movement of Liberian refugees who are still at the Buduburam Refugee Camp in the country.
Ever since its outbreak, the Ebola virus has claimed the lives of over 600 victims in the West African sub-region.
Ghana’s Health Ministry also announced that efforts were underway to establish Ebola treatment centres across the country.
The country’s Health Minister, Kwaku Agyeman-Mensah, advised Ghanaians to be patient because government was doing its best to protect the citizens.
Though a suspected fever case which was reported at a clinic in Ghana was negative, Ghanaians have expressed fear about the possible spread of the disease in the country due to closeness to the four countries where deaths have been recorded.
Governments in the sub-region are putting in place stringent measures to prevent the further spread of the disease.
According to the health minister, the disease surveillance system in Ghana has been placed on “high alert through intensification of viral haemorrhagic fever surveillance, the field officers are on the alert to pick, package and transport specimens to the lab for confirmation.”
The respective health officers at Ghana’s ports have been given orientation in the detection of cases at points of entry.
“We have activated a system for screening all passengers especially from countries that have recorded cases,” Agyeman-Mensah added. The health minister gave the assurance that his outfit was monitoring the progression of the Ebola disease in West African nations.
The General Manager, Public Affairs, Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority, Mr. Fan Ndubouke, said that the agency was not aware of such a development.
He said, “We are not aware of any such thing, we have confirmed from Arik Air and Aero Contractors which are the two airlines that fly to Ghana from Nigeria, and Arik has confirmed to us that they haven’t received such notice.
“We are still trying to get Aero to confirm, but I can tell you that from NCAA’s angle, there is nothing like that.”
The Spokesman, Aero Contractors, Mr. Simon Tunba, told our correspondent that Aero had not heard anything like that.
Need an estimate? Want to offer feedback? Have a question? You’ve come to the right place. You can reach us by phone or use this form to send us the details. Either way, we look forward to hearing from you.
This book is exactly why I read and love YA, and especially, YA romance. The love in this book spans not just between Sam and Jase, but between siblings, parent/child, and friendships. Th...is book exemplifies the spirit of the intense, fleeting emotions we once felt--and could still feel now, if we allowed it. Most of all, this book reached that part of me that used to look out my window for that something or someone to sweep me off my feet (which, thank goodness, that someone has!). Highly recommend!MoreLessShow More Show Less
I have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or law
A statement, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information is accurate, and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner
Under federal law, if you knowingly misrepresent that online material is infringing, you may be subject to criminal prosecution for perjury and civil penalties, including monetary damages, court costs, and attorneys’ fees.
I enjoyed reading the part of the book that was available. Wish i would have known this was only a sample of the book if i had i never would have started it.
loved this book, was hoping for more of an ending though. If you search it, you can find the rest of the book online, its great!
We're dedicated to providing quality insurance products that keep you protected. To request a quote, simply fill out the form below, choose your product of interest, and submit your request. One of our helpful agents will then contact you to discuss your needs. We appreciate your interest in Insurance Concepts!
(17) Ahmad bin Muhammad bin Sa'eed narrated from Ali bin al-Hasan from his father from Rifa’a bin Musa that Abdullah bin Atta’ had said:
He said: “He will annul all that has been established before him as the Prophet (S) has done and he will resume Islam anew.”46
"...the lyrical camerawork, constantly in motion, blurred images and all, offers a single emotion". - Hollywood Reporter
THE COLOR OF TIME is based on Pulitzer prize-winning poet CK Williams’ collection of the same name. Collectively written and directed by twelve filmmakers, the film blends together adaptations of twelve of the poems to create a poetic road trip through CK William’s life. The film takes us on a journey through several decades of American life from CK’s childhood and adolescence in Detroit in the 1940s and 50s to the early 1980s: CK (James Franco) and his wife Catherine (Mila Kunis) are married with their son Jed (name of actor). CK prepares for a reading of Tar in New York City, and spends his nights struggling to write new poems, haunted by memories of his past. As CK drives to his reading in New York City, he remembers central moments of his life: we come to experience and understand both his relationship to love and loss, and how he found his calling as a poet through the women in his life. The film takes us back and forth between past and present, punctuated by voice-over from CK Williams’ poems, recreating the experience of memory and exploring how the fragments of one’s man life can be turned into poetic expression: his loving relationship to his mother (Jessica Chastain), his first sexual experiences as a teenager (Henry Hopper), his first love (Nina Ljeti) and the struggle to preserve a form of innocence and wonder, the illness and loss of a close friend (Zach Braff), and finally his life together with Catherine.
Created by: pamela Practice this lesson yourself on KhanAcademy.org right now: https://www.khanacademy.org/computing/computer-programming/html-css/css-layout-properties/p/the-overflowing-ocean?utm_source=YT&utm_medium=Desc&utm_campaign=computerprogramming Watch the next lesson: https://www.khanacademy.org/computing/computer-programming/html-css/css-layout-properties/p/css-box-model?utm_source=YT&utm_medium=Desc&utm_campaign=computerprogramming Missed the previous lesson? https://www.khanacademy.org/computing/computer-programming/html-css/css-layout-properties/p/css-grouping-elements?utm_source=YT&utm_medium=Desc&utm_campaign=computerprogramming Computer Programming on Khan Academy: Learn how to program drawings, animations, and games using JavaScript & ProcessingJS, or learn how to create webpages with HTML & CSS. You can share whatever you create, explore what others have created and learn from each other! About Khan Academy: Khan Academy is a nonprofit with a mission to provide a free, world-class education for anyone, anywhere. We believe learners of all ages should have unlimited access to free educational content they can master at their own pace. We use intelligent software, deep data analytics and intuitive user interfaces to help students and teachers around the world. Our resources cover preschool through early college education, including math, biology, chemistry, physics, economics, finance, history, grammar and more. We offer free personalized SAT test prep in partnership with the test developer, the College Board. Khan Academy has been translated into dozens of languages, and 100 million people use our platform worldwide every year. For more information, visit www.khanacademy.org, join us on Facebook or follow us on Twitter at @khanacademy. And remember, you can learn anything. For free. For everyone. Forever. #YouCanLearnAnything Subscribe to Khan Academy's Computer Programming channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzYDKG5mmfPPIosXuQ1PvEA?sub_confirmation=1 Subscribe to Khan Academy: https://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=khanacademy
This is the first video for a series of tips and tricks videos. These will a series of short videos with small things you can to hopefully improve your website that little bit more. In this tips and tricks video I will go over the overflow-y: scroll styling code which allows you to show the scrollbar whether it can be used or not. This will stop a webpage's content from shifting to the left when moving from a webpage which doesn't scroll to a webpage that does scroll. Thanks for watching - please leave a like, comment with your feedback and if you would like to see more videos, subscribe!
Create a top and left navigation with CSS. These navigation panes will stay in the same place on the webpage, even as the content pane scrolls. The source for this video is freely available on public github at this location: https://github.com/discospiff/JavaFullStackEnterpriseWeb This video is part of a playlist on Full Stack Application Development: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL73qvSDlAVVhIVQX7d36glpQllxCIxEyR
roughly means: 'welcome everyone to the blog of Whispi and Naga, two friends who want you to share with you their passion for dreads'
yeah, I guess on the plus side they aren't pretending they made the dreads.. permission/credit would be nice tho..
This blog is really only to show off nice hair. One of the two creators of the blog, Nagawa, is a dreadmaker herself, and most of watermarked pictures on the blog are hers. SyntheticRdreads (now on syntheticrdreads.canalblog.com) is her business. I know her quite well from another forum.
they are still stealing and watermarking other peoples pics, and not crediting them, which is still copyright infringement
So, with my friend we have creat this blog long time ago, in 2005. This year, we're 14/15 with my friend, and it's the first time for us, we looked this style of hair. It's 'crazy' for us, nobody nows synthetic dreads, just Sooshii (Koonamik).
So, we want to creat the first blog about this hair-art, to show what is it for french people, we think it's really enormous!
When i have talking about that to my friend, i have record some pictures on my computer, and i haven't record adresses, and i don't know how are created some dreads on this blog!
After a moment, i want synthetic dreads too, and Sooshii was the only one who creat it. But the price was too expensive for me (train+dreads+hotel+food... to heavy!). So i have decided to created too. But they are... horrible. So i haven't post it, and we continued to upload some pictures on this blog.
And, one day my dreads are not too bad too. So i upload it on this blog to show mine. I was really proud to show my work lol.
We have continued a moment this blog. But i have no more news from my friend... She hasen't upload more pix on this blog. And this is the same for me. One day I have up pictures from my dreads, Sisen, Nafrayou, but that's all.
*on this blog and on texts, we have NEVER said it's our work, we just said "hey yankee, look! this is pretty nice! colours on this picture is blue grey and black! pretty cool ya!"
*whe has writed "C0lorz-dreads" on pictures for everyone who takes pictures remember the name of the blog.
*Yes, of course, if we 'link' pictures with colors dreads, it's because we want to be famous with a lot of visitors and comments about synthetic dreads (poor us --'), and to show this new style to more and more french teens.
So i'm really really SORRY if this blog confused you. If i remember well, Twiggy Devour was sent a mail to you to delete pictures, and i have delete it . (but i haven't read i think, more than 200 comments now)
I think i creat this blog again, to present synthetic dreads better than it. And i can explain why i deleted all pictures, of course.
A LOT of people used some pictures, tell "this is MY work I HAVE creat ALL of dreads who are present on this blog", and of course, it's not... It's a problem because their prices are really expensive, and of course, the work isn't ok to sell... And a lot of people pay for dreads, and they never received it!!! (yeah, french suckers!!!)
In our days in France, it's a real mode. Sooshii and Nafrayou are stars, and it's a business. Evil people are joking with internet, pictures, and money... too bad.
Well well, I think it's all i have to said about it. If you want i can contact other people who used your pictures to closed their blog or just deleted pictures in France, give me a PM.
Thank you to read my, i hope you have understand all. If you want i can explain something more if you have questions.
There are plenty of French websites about dreads now, so this one with stolen pictures is not needed any more. Why not just delete the entire blog?
If you do this, you will be fine. If you don't, I suggest removing the site as you are upsetting a lot of hairmakers. Also do not use images of other peoples faces as YOUR avatar.
The problem I have with this is that these people tend to hotlink the photos which screws me as far as my bandwith.
If you're going to jock someone's photos, at least save it on your own server and not use mine. That makes me want to go after them 10 times more. lol
Amb3r wrote: The problem I have with this is that these people tend to hotlink the photos which screws me as far as my bandwith.
I don't do this anymore because a lot of the people stealing photos from me are also customers, but back when I had a personal people website and people would hotlink, I'd replace the images with graphic porn (and of course upload them under a new name for my own use) and then report the thieves to their hosts for having inappropriate content. Works like a charm
Nowadays if someone's hotlinking images I usually ignore it, but if it's really bad sometimes I just replace all of the files with whatever my current ad is.
Thumbnails will be generated from detailed images automatically, but you can also upload them manually.
From my previous post I think if those ten teams are around right I reckon we are missing a m/m team??
1) 1 with Vaude backpack (green) with crew tag (blue) - possible racer too as his backpack same as above (3). At the back of him seem like the soundman.
God, what can't mom show her face! Ok, so I see the guy in the green headband as one, maybe one of our slackers?
I'm thinking the man with the yellow hairband is a soundman but could be wrong ...I've seen him before in Kuwait maybe? But if the blogger thinks hes a contestant then who am I to argue?
First off I am hoping that is a mom/son, second puddin I am pretty sure it is the cameraman but never know and those two green backpacks, they look like at the tip (African Americans)?? and also patlini, I dont believe they are the Young Blondes in Pink Sweatsuits they just look to be good friends or something
Yeah, I would say the dude in the headband is a soundman. maybe if we can figure out who is on the crew on that elevator, they can lead us to the teams. After all, their cameras have to be aimed at someone.
I have to believe that there are more teams than this, probably farther behind. The blogger saw 6 teams, and assumes its the final 6, but filming just began on the 22nd of April. The girls told her it lasted a month! Thats just me though, I could be wrong.
EDIT: Kiwi's right, not the young blondes. One has dark hair on that F/F team. I was thinking that with matching t-shirts they are either best friends or related (sisters?)
this is unknown only if the two men were right, I remeber when the Melbourne spoiler came through the guy said I dont know my mate might be lying and Santiago may be an actual stop??
i think the guy leaning down with the gingery shaved head is part of a team though hard to see who he is next too. 1 part of the slacker team maybe
Hay good point patlini, just in front of the camera, there looks to be someone with a yellow bandana
Maybe, if so that is one hell of a small rucksack fits into the whole hippie philosophy, also what about the two guys talking to each other in front of the crew member with the obvious blue tags. Also I think by looking at other people on the escalator and who they are starring at, that might help.
Breathtaking Metal Garden Decor Daylight Designs Art With Regard To Prepare 52 is one of pictures thet are related with the picture before in the collection gallery. If you would like to see the Breathtaking Metal Garden Decor Daylight Designs Art With Regard To Prepare 52 in High Resolution [HD Resolution] version, please press the right click on picures/image then choose "Save as Image" option, and done. You will get Breathtaking Metal Garden Decor Daylight Designs Art With Regard To Prepare 52 pictures that you want. The exactly dimension of Breathtaking Metal Garden Decor Daylight Designs Art With Regard To Prepare 52 was 720x1080 pixels. You can also look for some pictures by collection on below this picture. Find the other picture or article about Metal Garden Art here. We hope it can help you to get information of the picture.
Some men seem to be on an endless quest for the “Goldilocks” flannel – you know, the one that’s just right. We said, “Screw the quest, just make a good, long-lasting flannel and be done with it already.” So we did. We call it the Glenfield Flannel. Is it the one? Probably not because, well, it’s a shirt. But it’s definitely the steal of the season. Pick out a couple of these in your favorite patterns, pair them with our Highlands Quilted Vest or the Jackson Vest, and you’re better than good. We’re really proud of these. Screw the quest. Get on with living. You’re welcome.
This appears to be caused by bug #487537. The solution is to upgrade to a more recent version of gosa. The gosa developers kindly provide .deb package files at http://oss.gonicus.de/pub/gosa/debian-lenny/.
© 2004-2018 Canonical Ltd. • Terms of use • Data privacy • Contact Launchpad Support • Blog • Careers • System status • r18816 (Get the code!)
Use of freedesktop.org services, including Bugzilla, is subject to our Code of Conduct. How we collect and use information is described in our Privacy Policy.
Bugzilla will be upgraded to version 5.0. The upgrade date is tentatively scheduled for 2 December 2018, pending final testing and feedback.
You are not authorized to access bug #82770. To see this bug, you must first log in to an account with the appropriate permissions.
Каталог | Строительный металлопрокат | трубы, канаты, электроды | АВАТ и К ЧП -Строительство в Украине онлайн
I'm so thrilled to announce that my transgender science fiction novel, Static, is back! Riptide Publishing has revised it, given it a gorgeous cover, and now...here it is!
Static can be purchased directly from Riptide, as well as on Amazon, Barnes & Noble, and AllRomance.
After two years together, Alex has been dreading the inevitable moment when Damon learns the truth: that Alex is a shifter, part of a small percentage of the population able to switch genders at will. Thanks to a forced implant, though, Alex is suddenly static—unable to shift—and male. Overnight, he’s out to a world that neither understands nor tolerates shifters . . . and to his heterosexual boyfriend.
Damon is stunned to discover his girlfriend is a shifter, and scared to death of the dangers the implant poses to Alex’s health. He refuses to abandon Alex, but what about their relationship? Damon is straight, and with the implant both costly and dangerous to remove, Alex is stuck as a man.
Stripped of half his identity and facing serious physical and social ramifications, Alex needs Damon more than ever, but he doesn’t see how they can get through this.
How not to miss a chance to save on car hire or what is car hire last minute Remire-Montjoly, French Guiana?
What can be more natural than a desire to save money? We work hard and we want to spend our payment maximum efficiency!
It doesn't matter what we are doing - buying products or hiring a car. There is always the opportunity to save some money!
Remember those ads promising you fantastic discounts? But are they always true? A huge discount looks like a car hire company artificially raised the price on its product and only after that offered you some discounts.
Use special searching services. We have powerful smart search engine that allows you to find the best car rental deal in a moment!
Check out all the terms of car hire. There are no hidden charges on our website. Full car hire insurance is already included into your car hire price
Car hire last minute Remire-Montjoly, French Guiana allows you to get the cheapest car hire deal. It's a great opportunity to save money booking a car very close to pick up date!
There is always a situation when car hire companies have extra cars they need to get off their parking lots. So car hire last minute Remire-Montjoly, French Guiana brings benefits both to you and the company. It is a favorite option
Have some questions? Use our online help. Don't hesitate to ask! We are happy to help with your car hire needs!
The theme this year is Trans-Human. Feel free to interpret that in whatever manner you choose. Mutants, robots, human-beast hybrids, what have you.
The stories we have read by Tim O'Brien deal with the Vietnam War, but they also contain many compelling issues about the human condition unchanged by the 30 years since that conflict. For your last essay of the semester, write an essay in which you draw from these stories some issue, conflict, theme, or motif that interests you. As stated in the portfolio requirements, "This should not only discuss an author's ideas but should also present the student's opinion and interpretation as distinct from the author's." Don't simply tell the story; construct an argument for a particular point of view about it. Below are several topic choices for your to consider; if you have another topic in mind, please discuss it with me before proceeding. Your essay should refer to and quote from at least three of the stories.
Refer to Keys for Writers for additional guidance on writing about literature (pages 67-72). Refer to the Text-Based 098 essays in New Voices for successful examples.
1.	In "The Things They Carried," O'Brien writes that "Men killed, and died, because they were embarrassed not to" (21). Find three characters from the assigned stories and explain how their actions, attitudes, and beliefs reflect O'Brien's point of view in regards to such issues as masculinity, cowardice and courage. What are your conclusions regarding the issues O’Brien raises? Use plenty of examples from the stories to support your point.
2.	Why is it so hard to "tell a true war story"? Write an essay in which you examine O’Brien’s use of imagination and invention, and the difficulties posed by wartime conditions on truth-telling.
3. Throughout the stories, O’Brien juxtaposes images of great beauty with images of great horror, the scene of Curt Lemon’s death in "How to Tell A True War Story" being one notable example. Write an essay in which you trace the use of such contrasting images across at least three of the stories. What do these contrasting images say about O’Brien’s experiences in Vietnam?
4. The men deal with the uncertainty, fear, and death around them in sometimes surprisingly tender, irreverently funny, or horrifyingly brutal ways. Choose three characters from the stories to examine how these characters respond to their circumstances and the men around them. What conclusions can you draw about men and war through these examples?
5. People are usually profoundly changed by their experiences in war. Choose at least 3 characters from the stories and examine how these characters were changed by their experiences. What conclusions can you draw from these examples about the effects of war on the human spirit?
6. What is the role of women and girls in the book? Examine the various female characters in the novel and explain what each may represent.
7. The "Speaking of Courage" sequence, as well as the stories related to "the Man I Killed," deal a lot with the issue of responsibility and guilt. Discuss how at least three characters deal with their feelings of guilt over the deaths of those around them.
a clear thesis statement and introduction which sets out for your reader the point you wish to make about the stories. Please do not repeat verbatim the essay prompt.
A very brief synopsis of the stories you are discussing. This means writing a sentence or two about each story (no more than one paragraph in total).
You are not required to use sources other than O’Brien’s book to support your views; if you do use any outside sources, make sure you properly quote or paraphrase and cite. The use of outside sources for this essay is strongly discouraged!
First Draft Workshop Wednesday, April 18 (Bring 4 copies for workshopping, plus"Before the Workshop" portion of Writer’s Process Review)
Is the book told in first person or third person? How does this affect the seeming reliability of the narrative?
The Things They Carried is narrated, alternately, in third person and first person. The first person "I" narratives feel trustworthy and personal, but O'Brien warns the reader against this very pitfall. He writes that war stories should always be mistrusted, no matter who is telling them.
Shame is the reason that Tim O'Brien decided to go to Vietnam. Many of the characters feel shame as a primary motivator, too. Not only does it lead them to war, but it keeps them there. It is the one thing that keeps them from shooting themselves in the foot so that they would be discharged from the army or some similar such act. But some characters, like Curt Lemon, think that shame impels them to heroism, not stupidity.
Mary Anne is one of the few females featured in the book, and her experience seems to suggest that war is a great equalizer between the genders. When she arrives she is innocent, sexy, and very feminine. After the war "gets to her" she becomes a killer like the others.
The central topic of The Things They Carried is the Vietnam War, but the book is also about writing and storytelling. How would you describe O'Brien's conception of the role of fiction?
O'Brien writes that fiction serves a higher purpose than merely recounting what happened. He writes that a good war story makes you wonder "is it true?" It makes you care about the answer to that question. After having provoked that authentic feeling, it does not actually matter if the story is true or not. Fiction is as good as experience.
A reoccuring theme throughout the book is expressed by the title. What do the characters carry aside from physical objects?
The characters carry emotions like sadness and fear. Jimmy Cross carries responsibility for the lives of his men. O'Brien sets up a dichotomy between weight and lightness, with war always described in terms of weight, love in terms of lightness. His characters are condemned to carry the war for the rest of their lives.
Kathleen, O'Brien's daughter, is a stand-in for the reader. She listens to her father's stories just as the reader does. But because she is a character she can ask him questions, including whether or not he has ever killed anyone. O'Brien's makes a guilt-tinged decision whether or not to lie, or make up stories for his daughter.
Soldiers' tales are often an opportunity for the teller to swagger, to play the hero, to seem macho. How does O'Brien portray this macho culture?
Because O'Brien is so ambivalent toward the whole project of war, it is not surprising that this book disapproves of macho storytelling. Curt Lemon is the most macho character, a man who asks a dentist to pull out a perfectly good tooth to demonstrate that he is not a sissy. Lemon dies the most horrible death imaginable, but he is still the least likeable character in the book.
O'Brien dedicated his book to his characters, the men he served with in Vietnam. This exemplifies the uneasy position of the book with regard to fiction and non-fiction. The author insists it is a fictional account. But elements like the dedication continue to point to the reality of what happened in Vietnam.
O'Brien tells war stories partly so that he can relive them again and again. He argues that each time time one tells or reads a story one breathes life into the characters. When the story is over, they are dead again, he writes. For O'Brien, fiction also resembles dreamingbecause both are involuntary: he cannot help that his experiences haunt him.
What is the role of death in this book? Is it a release from a nightmarish life, or something to be feared?
O'Brien, the narrator, is a profoundly non-religious man. For him, death is the end of the story. The sense of senselessness pervading this book is rooted in two things: the Vietnam War seems to have no real cause or justification, and the young men killed there reach the end of their lives and effectively disappear. O'Brien's non-belief in the afterlife lends a special tinge of horror to the already horrifying events.
Inhabitants of a fishing island off the coast of Maine find themselves mysteriously cut off from the outside world after the ferry suddenly stops coming. All the phones have gone dead and every boat sent to the mainland fails to return. When dead bodies turn up along the water's edge, the hardy band of survivors must find out who, or what, is killing them.
Disclaimer: This site does not store any files on its server. All contents are provided by non-affiliated third parties. Vumoo.To is not responsible for the accuracy, compliance, copyright, legality, decency, or any other aspect of the content of other linked sites. If you have any legal issues please contact the appropriate media file owners or host sites.
Daniel A. Andrade Geant4 simulation of the neutron backscattering technique in farm soil for landmine detection. 2014
Juansebastian Gómez Study of gamma-backscattering in soil layers with different thicknesses and water content 2012
Luxury two bedroom Townhouse for sale with Mediterranean sea and mountain views in Cyprus – Citizenship By Investment approved.
This beautifully appointed 2 bedroom townhouse is located in an elevated position within minutes walking distance of the picturesque hillside village of Tala. It covers 93sqm total area and has a large balcony from where you can truly savour some breathtaking mountain and Mediterranean Sea views. The large residents’ swimming pool and terrace overlooks landscaped gardens and offers a fabulous Mediterranean ambience, ideal for relaxation.
The architectural domed roof features lend Mediterranean style and character to these contemporary homes.
Domus Resort is a fantastic new development with far reaching views of the Mediterranean mountains and sea. Just a couple of minutes from the resort is the village of Tala with it’s traditional Cypriot village centered around a village square, surrounded by paved pedestrian areas and friendly local coffee shops, taverns, restaurants, bars and amenities.
Tala Amphitheatre hosts many plays, shows and events, especially during the summer months. It has spectacular views of the coastline which are a magnificent backdrop to any production.
Paphos, with it’s charming harbour and medieval fort, is close by and offers cosmopolitan living, beautiful scenery and significant historical sites. It was the capital of Cyprus for 600 years in ancient times and its archaeological legacy is such that UNESCO put the whole town on its World Cultural Heritage list.
If golf is more to your liking, Minthis Hills Golf Course is just under a 10km drive away with its championship golf course and academy.
Tala village is a short walk away and offers a selection of cafes, restaurants, supermarkets and a bank while the wealth of facilities in Paphos city are a 10-minute drive. It is a 5 minute drive to the nearby sandy beaches of Coral Bay where the shallow waters are ideal for swimming and a variety of water sport activities.
35 years of experience in the overseas property sales industry offering clients advice on where and what to buy.
Copyright 2018 - Property investment opportunities in Cyprus | All Rights Reserved | Powered by ibuyluxuryproperty
To submit your initial manuscript for peer review, please register at website and follow the instruction from the link below:
Upon receiving comments from reviewers, your manuscript will be published in one of the journals below:
All manuscripts will be peer-reviewed by technical committee of ICCPE 2018. Upon receiving comments from reviewers, your manuscript will be selected for one of the journals aforementioned. The organizing committee will send the comments and instruction for the specified journal. Once you send your final manuscript and complete your registration, the publication process will be started.
Same as last year, we will have a lucky draw session and we will have 5 winners during the closing ceremony . The gifts are Smart phone and Power bank.
It can be frustrating, discouraging and exhausting. It is one of the most common and toughest challenges of parenthood.
As it turns out, using punishment is not the only way nor a good one to successfully discipline a child.
Discipline is the practice of training someone to behave in accordance with rules or a code of behavior.
The word, discipline, comes from Latin disciplina (teaching, learning or instruction), and discipulus (disciple, pupil).
To teach is to show and explain how to do something. It focuses on teaching the desirable Zip In Zip Shirt Black Mens Mens futurebehavior.
But the difference between discipline and punishment goes deeper than just the meaning of the words.
So keep reading and you’ll find out why and how punishment is bad for our kids’ brains, and what to do to discipline.
So Pavlov came up with an experiment. Whenever he gave food to his dogs, he also rang a bell. After repeating this procedure a number of times, he rang the bell on its own.
This experiment showed that the dog had learned to associate the bell with food and a new behavior was formed. This is called classical conditioning. The bell was originally a neutral stimulus but then became a conditioned stimulus. The salivation was a conditioned response.
Based on this result, it seems natural to conclude that if a negative consequence is associated with an undesired behavior, a dog, or even a child, will eventually learn to adopt a desired behavior instead due to the fear of negative consequence.leisure Casual Casual Boutique Boutique Skirt Lularoe Lularoe leisure RxfqEw87f
Reptilian brain – controls bodily functions such as breathing, heart beat, digestion, fight or flight reaction and other survival functions without our conscious effort.
Mammalian brain – also called the emotional brain, is responsible for strong emotions such as fear, rage, separation anxiety, caring, nurturing, etc.
Human brain – also called the thinking brain, it is where learning, reasoning, problem-solving, decision-making or sophisticated thinking takes place.
Let’s say, you are hiking in the wild and suddenly, a large animal jumps out in front of you. What would you do?
Then, on a closer look, you notice that it’s only a playful and friendly dog. So you relax after making this conscious judgement.
Danger triggers an alarm (and fear) in our emotional brain without first going through the thinking brain.
Stress hormone, cortisol, is released to equipped the body to fight back or get away (or jump back) quickly.
All of these happen automatically without us thinking about what to do next. This mechanism is valuable for human survival.
So, many parents resort to using fear, or coercive measures such as corporal punishment, time-out or berating, to discipline.
Kids get into trouble a lot and therefore, in these homes, kids are threatened by fear of punishment a lot.
Note that it is not just punishment that can cause fear. The threat of punishment can also induce fear in kids.
These parents hope that fear will condition their children to abandon the undesired behavior and adopt the desired one, much similar to a dog being conditioned to adopt a new behavior.
If the event is life-threatening or causes intense fear, a special memory is created and stored separately from normal memory.
This type of special memory is etched in our brain and makes us feel miserable to ensure we will avoid it in the future.
This type of fear conditioned memory is what underlies mental disorders such as depression, anxiety, and posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) later in life.
Because the creation of this special memory (and the recall of it) does not need permission from our thinking brain, it is hard to avoid the harmful mental effects.
To parents, being harshly punished may not appear to be a life-and-death situation that can result in intense fear.
But for children, especially younger ones, parents are their entire world. Parents are the main or sole providers for food, safety and all other necessities.
When fear is presented frequently, the chronic elevated level of stress hormone will cause serious health problems for the child in the long run — brain shrinkage leading to memory and learning difficulties, suppressed immune system, hypertension, depression and anxiety disorder just to name a few.
Fear is not the only emotion that can cause our thinking brain to become disconnected. Other types of stress, such as anger or rage can, too.
Because a frequently punished (or threatened to be punished) child is constantly in an alarmed state, the child’s fight-or-flight reaction kicks in easily even when they face mild frustration.
Black Zip Mens Shirt Zip In Mens When that happens, the emotional brain becomes in charge without the thinking brain’s participation.
Indeed, studies find that if the parenting style is harsh or punishment is the predominant type of discipline, children from these homes exhibit weaker emotional regulation and more impulsive aggressive behavior.
Emotional Regulation and self-control are some of the most important skills young children should learn. Parent’s influence on the child’s ability to acquire those skills is paramount.
If parents are harsh whenever their child makes a mistake, the child learns to be harsh when others make mistakes.
A punishment centric environment can induce persistent negative emotions in children making it even harder for kids to learn to self-control.
A child’s behavior and the parents’ responses can feed on each other and spiral into ever increasingly punitive punishment.
Numerous studies have found that harsh or punitive punishments, especially those in the form of physical punishment, will lead to future aggression in children even though it may deter the child’s negative behavior in the moment.
In Zip Zip Mens Mens Shirt Black Some children also exhibit disruptive behavioral problems as they grow up.
When parents try to change behavior by fear, they are modeling how to use superior positions or strength to intimidate. They are also normalizing abusive behavior.
When these children go to school, some learn to do the same to other children who are weaker than them.
Some become victims of bullies themselves because their parents’ action has shown them that such behavior is acceptable.
Sometimes, their parents’ behavior has also caused the children to feel powerless in escaping or changing the situation. These children are then conditioned to feel powerless to escape if they end up in abusive relationships as grownups.
The world’s longest running longitudinal Panel study started in 1968 by University of Michigan reveals the relationship between punitive discipline and children’s school performance.
Researchers found that homes that use punitive discipline, such as punishment, lecturing or restricting activities (that are otherwise not affecting academic studies) are associated with lower academic achievement compared to homes that have warm parent-child interactions and use reasoning to teach.
The chain of psychological events that leads to the development of a disciplined child is a complex process.
Unfortunately, punitive punishment is prevalent because parents often get the immediate behavioral change they want. So they mistakenly think that it “works” but soon they will find out it doesn’t in the long run.
Without further ado, here are 4 effective disciplinary measures that can help you adopt no punishment parenting.
Have you noticed that when you make a certain move, your dog or cat will not imitate you, but your child will?
Scientists discovered that a specific neuron circuit in the brain, called theZip Zip Shirt Mens Mens Black In mirror neuron systemZip Mens In Mens Zip Black Shirt , is responsible for that capability.
This neuron system not only allows us to imitate others’ action but also understand the In Zip Mens Shirt Zip Black Mens intentions of action.
This discovery may partially explain why it is so important that parents model the way they want their child to behave.
As a kid, when you were punished, during the punishment, did you think about why you were wrong and what you had learned?
Or did you think about how mean your parent was, how you wished you were not caught, how unfair the punishment was and how angry you were?
When parents focus on using punishment to discipline, the child doesn’t usually learn the right lesson. The child learns to be distrustful, vindictive and revengeful.
However, studies show that punishment is often not necessary nor is it effective in disciplining children.
Researchers have found that non-coercive discipline, contingent encouragement, monitoring and problem solving are far more effective in disciplining.
Positive discipline is based on mutual respect and positive instructions. It fosters learning instead of focusing on punishing.
To help children stop undesired behavior, the first step is to understand the reasons for that behavior and address the root cause.
Parents should also help kids understand the Boutique winter Boutique winter Cardigan Old Boutique Cardigan Old winter Navy Old Navy Cardigan Boutique Navy winter Old qApwgP88 of their own actions.
Use encouraging words as Boutique Pullover Cashmere Images Sweater winter Modern SnqIfSr to motivate children in a constructive way.
My daughter used to drag through the morning routine. Every morning was the same struggle. She took her time playing while brushing her teeth. She could be brushing for 30 minutes and was still not done.
Identify root cause – I sat her down and tried to find out why she did that. After asking some questions, I found out that she really wanted to play, but I never gave her time. From the moment she woke up, I rushed her through every step …
She felt that she could only play while brushing her teeth. So the problem was she never had time to play in the morning.
Address the source of problem – we brainstormed. Eventually, we decided that I would wake her up 15 minutes early every day. So in the first 15 minutes after she wakes up, she gets the free rein to play and I won’t rush her. Afterwards, she will focus on getting ready for school.
Explain natural consequence – I explained that we could not be late. So from now on, when it’s time to go to school, we will leave no matter what, even if she still hasn’t changed out of her pajamas, brushed her teeth, combed her hair, etc. We will just GO. That is the natural consequence.
Use encouraging words – When she was able to get everything done on time by herself, I would praise her for being efficient and making sure she wouldn’t be late.
By following these steps, I was able to diffuse the conflicts and resolve the issue we had every morning.
Time out, also known as corner time, is a psychological behaviorism strategy developed by Arthur Staats through experiments performed on his own children.
The idea is that removing the child from the reinforcing activity for a brief period of time can discourage inappropriate behavior.
This form of discipline is especially preferred in the western countries over reprimanding, scolding or spanking. Many pediatricians and positive discipline advocates even name this as an alternative to punishment because it is not seen as a punitive measure.
Although there are many studies on the benefits of using time out to discipline, most parents do not use time out the way it is used in research.
Many parents simply take the name “timeout” and the basic idea and then make it an alternative punishment, not an alternative to punishment.
In a 2003 study at UCLA, researchers found that in brain imaging, the effect of rejection looks the same as the effect of physical pain.
So when timeouts are used as punishment by isolation, humiliation or fear, they can be just as detrimental to children’s brains and mental health.
In studies on parenting styles, researchers have found that authoritative parenting style is the best parenting style in almost every dimension.
One striking trait of this parenting style is that although authoritative parents do not have as many strict rules as their authoritarian counterparts, authoritative parents are extremely consistent in enforcing those rules..
If you are reading this article, you probably have already read this advice many times in other articles or blogs.
Have you found yourself lapsing once in a while when you’re too tired to carry out the consequence? Or when you’re too exhausted to deal with another crying or whining?
In the morning, I am often tempted to change my daughter’s outfit, brush her teeth and comb her hair for her. I can do these tasks so much faster. Then I won’t have to listen to her screaming, crying and pleading when it’s time to go and she still isn’t ready.
But then, my daughter won’t have the opportunity to learn to get ready by herself efficiently. She also won’t experience the natural consequences necessary for her to realize that her action (or inaction) has real consequences in life.
Every morning, I need to bite the bullet and suppress my urge to take over the entire routine for her. She had to learn. And she did.
I mean you need to reevaluate whether your expectation of your kid’s behavior is realistic and age appropriate.
In the thinking brain, a region named pre-frontal cortex is needed to learn complex ideas such as discipline.
So kids younger than three simply cannot comprehend the concept of discipline, at least not in a brain-healthy way.
With babies and toddlers, what parents need to do is to safety-proof their houses, closely supervise and redirect the kids’ attention when they make mistakes.
Results: Children acting like perfect angels on the outside from a young age but troubling mental health on the inside when they grow up.
Now, if your kids are older, do you find yourself struggling with your child not listening all the time?
If this happens frequently, then it’s time to reevaluate why you need your kids to listen to you all the time.
There are things everyone, children or adults, need to obey, e.g. the law, airplane evacuation instructions, order in the classroom, etc.
But there are so many other things that no one should have to obey. Because we are all individuals with our own mind and liking.
Children are people, too. They have their own minds and at times want to do things different from what we want them to do.
If your parental goals include raising a person who has an independent mind, critical thinking skill, confidence in themselves and not blindly following instructions, etc.
… basically, if you want your child to become a leader, not a follower, then raising them like a dictator won’t let that happen.
Then think about whether these musts are more important than developing your child’s independence and judgement, and having a close loving relationship with your child.
Neuroscience has taught us that life experiences during a child’s formative years are critical in brain development and character building.
If we can fill our children’s lives with positive learning, they will benefit and flourish for life.
Children’s misbehaviors and parental discipline strategies in abusive and nonabusive families. By By Trickett, Penelope K.,Kuczynski, Leon
Childhood maltreatment is associated with altered fear circuitry and increased internalizing symptoms by late adolescence. By Ryan J. Herringa, Rasmus M. Birn, Paula L. Ruttle, Cory A. Burghy, Diane E. Stodola, Richard J. Davidson, and Marilyn J. Essex
Immediate and Sustained Effects of Parenting on Physical Aggression in Canadian Children Aged 6 Years and Younger. By Benzies, Karen, Keown, Leslie-Anne, Magill-Evans, Joyce
Slapping and spanking in childhood and its association with lifetime prevalence of psychiatric disorders in a general population sample. By MacMillan HL, Boyle MH, Wong MY, Duku EK, Fleming JE, Walsh CA.
Friendship as a moderating factor in the pathway between early harsh home environment and later victimization in the peer group. By Schwartz, D., Dodge, K. A., Pettit, G. S., Bates, J. E., & The Conduct Problems Prevention Research Group. (2000)
Parenting Practices and Child Disruptive Behavior Problems in Early Elementary School by Elizabeth A. Stormshak, Karen L. Bierman, […], and Conduct Problems Prevention Research Group
There is no convincing evidence for operant or classical conditioning in adult humans. By Brewer, William F., Weimer, Walter B. and Palermo, David S.
ParentingForBrain.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.
Regular retail price: $180DESCRIPTIONButtons aren't always that convenient, so we designed a solution. Our zip shirt is a year-round men’s essential with serious...
We're a fully insured and bonded general contracting company and we serve all of Los Angeles and surrounding areas!
Built to Perfection is Los Angeles’ premiere construction company! Staffed with some of the best designers, builders and workmen in town, we are fueled by our desire to make our customers satisfied w...
Alan Goldberg Electric provides Electrical services in Venice. Call them at 310-823-5058 for more details.
""My service provider, Hector, was very considerate, thorough and quick. I needed some paint removed from concrete ASAP, and called around to many pla..." - Withheld
"Regina W, Woodland Hills CA To me it was very important to find a contractor that was well established, and has been in business for several years. ..." - Regina Washington
Guideline Builders provides Additions and Remodels services in Redondo Beach. Call them at 818-343-0905 for more details.
Frank Lopez Finish Carpenter provides Carpentry services in El Monte. Call them at 626-941-7572 for more details.
"Hello, Gil! Thank you again for the wonderful job that you and your crew have done on our roof. I am looking forward to writing the referral letter..." - E. Kim
"I am writing to commend Hassan Yaghoubi for his work as an electrician. I am a first time homeowner and have come into several electrical issues in m..." - Withheld
Home Comfort is a locally-owned and operated licensed residential HVAC service company. In business since 2003 we provide heating and air conditioning services to Los Angeles and Pasadena area homeown...
"They did the whole roof in one day which was fabulous. I would have liked it even more if they had come back the next day for a good clean up. They c..." - Withheld
"I thought that this entire transaction was excellent. The equipment is working perfectly, I can rely on it and I love the new thermostat. The air fil..." - Carberry L
"A+ Good work - I'm glad we went with them. No hassles - great attitudes - keep up the good work. " - Withheld
You’ve claimed your business on iCastle, now all you have to do is activate your profile by entering your payment information.
T11.2 - Dislocation, sprain and strain of unspecified joint and ligament of upper limb, level unspecified
© ICD-CODES.info 2018 Information provided on this site is for educational purposes only. We are not responsible for the accuracy of the information. Copyrights belong to the creators of translations.
Survey about the must have functions of trading tools - please participate, 6 questions and about 5 minutes time to do it. Thx very much.
Web survey powered by SurveyMonkey.com. Create your own online survey now with SurveyMonkey's expert certified FREE templates.
BitCrystals are Counterparty assets which acts as game currency for EverdreamSoft’s upcoming mobile game Spells of Genesis (SoG) and trading card game Moonga.BitCrystals come about because the game creators believe that players should be able to keep their game assets outside the control of game dev...
All the more reason for a decentralized network like HOLOCHAIN. If you put all your eggs in 1 basket (AWS), this is what happens.
Is Facebook down? That was the case for many as Twitter lit up with reports of not being able to access the social media site Monday morning.
Project Bitmark is an initiative to create an every day use alternative currency. Its main project is Marking, an adoption program which fuses reputation+currency. Marking enables people to apply crypto currency simply to every aspect of their lives. Marks work as a reputation systems such as scores...
Real-time Bitmark (BTM) price direct from the largest cryptocurrency exchanges with rich historical graphs & charts in USD, EUR, JPY, WON currencies.
Check BitMark (BTM) market capitalization and other metrics that helps you in your trading or investing quest
As a global intergrated trading platform, BitMart provides diversified system functions such as spot trading, futures contract trading, over-the-counter trading, whole-network trading, and decentrali...
(18) Ali bin al-Husayn narrated from Muhammad bin Yahya al-Attar from Muhammad bin Hassaan ar-Razi from Muhammad bin Ali al-Kufi from Ahmad bin Muhammad bin Abu Nasr from al-Ala’ fro Muhammad bin Muslim that Abu Ja'far al-Baqir (as) had said:
We designed the French-Girls.net to collect the ultimate hot photo galleries of european babes, teens and pornstars. Please check our mouth watering solo, hardcore, blowjob, lesbian, threesome and anal sex scenes and enjoy european babes exposing all their hidden sexuality for you at our pages. Welcome to the exciting world of beautiful women, juicy pussies, round firm boobs and tight asses.
© MAGICUM.net 2005-2012 All models were at least 18 years old when they were photographed. All images on this website are licensed and comply with 18 USC 2257
Disclaimer: French-girls.tv has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the links.
Although it actually is possible to rework any room of the home, one that tends to be tougher however yields extra benefits is remodeling the kitchen. One of the explanation why that's the case is because we are likely to work in the kitchen every day and can possible have adjustments that we want to make, as soon as the reworking takes place. If you are going to be remodeling the kitchen, it is a good idea so that you can hire a contractor and to ensure that they are creative enough to observe your route in addition to to present solutions in line with their experience. Here are another suggestions that may provide help to by the process.
One of the issues that many people are excited about is saving a bit bit of cash on the reworking undertaking. If you are going to be doing a serious remodeling, reminiscent of eradicating cabinets or even redoing the ground, it can get fairly expensive. One of the issues that you are able to do to assist cut down on the expenses can be to do as a lot of the work as you possibly can handle on your own. In the event you're not less than a bit bit useful, you are able to do some additional prep work and this may provide help to to avoid wasting as a lot material as attainable and to keep away from a number of the additional expense that might make it troublesome to funds correctly.
As with any sort of remodeling undertaking, you also needs to plan for some issues to occur. When you have a contractor that's going to handle the majority of the work, it's possible that they are also aware of the opportunity of issues. That's especially the case while you start to tear out cabinets and begin to show the partitions behind them. Difficulties reminiscent of mildew, pipes in unexpected locations and even crooked partitions could make rebuilding the kitchen a troublesome chore. With a certified contractor by your side, however, these issues might be less prone to prolong the time-frame of the kitchen remodeling undertaking.
Lastly, make sure that you are an energetic part of the reworking undertaking from the start to the top of it. It doesn't matter if you're doing a number of the work or none of the work in any respect, it's your undertaking when all was stated and carried out. In case you are unhappy about anything that's taking place through the undertaking, make sure that you converse up about it and let the contractor understand how you're feeling. It is crucial that you're proud of the finished undertaking in order that you don't regret any part of it as you are persevering with to use the kitchen.
Thanks for visiting my blog, article above (Great Black Duvet Cover HD For Favourite Home) published by Conall Walton at October, 18 2018.
Springfield Developments specialise in installing, replacing and repairing Velux windows, sun tunnels and flat roof windows for residential and commercial properties through out the Bootle area.
Drawing on over 40 years experience, we are fast becoming the U.K's most trusted Velux window installation and repair company. We are able to discuss any issue you may have with your current installation and advise you on the most cost effective solution, please do not hesitate to email or telephone us for these services free of charge.
Springfield Developments are experts when it comes to installing Pet Flaps, we carry out hundreds of installations for customers all over the UK. We offer Pet Flap installations into Glass doors, uPVC doors, wooden doors, composite doors etc. We also offer the rare service of inserting a Pet Flap into a standard brick wall. When it comes to choosing the right company for the installation of your Pet Flap, Springfield Developments should be your first choice as we are fully insured, reliable and have a vast amount of knowledge to ensure the installation of your pet flap is a hassle free experience. We are happy to give you any advise you may need, so call one of our expert team members today for a no obligation quote. Please be aware we cater for all builds of Dogs & Cats (Large or Small).
Springfield Developments have specialised in glazing repairs, maintenance & installation for over 20 years. We ensure all our Engineers are fully trained to the highest possible standard to ensure all work carried out by ourselves is to the customers satisfaction. We offer un-beatable service in a cost effective manner.
We Fit repair and install glass units in uPVC, wooden and aluminium frames. For both residential or commercial properties alike.
We are listed in the Velux Installer Partnership on the official Velux website. Catering for both new installations and repairs.
We offer a national dog and cat flap installation service. Replacing your existing glass panel with a new energy efficient one.
We have recently had a velux window installed. The aperture had to be cut into a high, sloping ceiling above our staircase. Inevitably there were challenges to the procedure. We were delighted with the professionalism; care and first class result. Many thanks to Jay and Luke The installation has transformed the hall, stairs and landing.
I had a cat flap installed in a double glazed window in a new build property by Springfield Developments. The service was fantastic , the staff are delightful and the cat flap was sorted with minimum fuss and bother. After sales was also excellent. They are lovely people, I would recommend this firm to anybody.
Please feel free to contact us anytime on 0800 009 4201 or 0330 016 5099, we are always happy to call round to give you a free quote on any project you may have for us. We have many satisfied customers throughout the UK and we regularly complete major contracts across the whole of the UK.
ITEM MOVED TO ARCHIVE: On April 30, 2018 1:27 pm, Fashion Stylist Online noted this item may be out of stock at NORDSTROM because it was not referenced in their latest online catalog. If this item is out of stock at NORDSTROM, you may be able to find similar fashions sold there or elsewhere on our Florsheim Designer Brand Directory.
This item was published for sale online by NORDSTROM on April 30, 2018 12:31 pm and last updated by us April 30, 2018 1:27 pm.
New promo codes and links offering limited time promotions, sales coupons, and special offers on Florsheim designer fashions and accessories will be posted on each designer label apparel page. For the latest up to date information on this Florsheim Boys Quinlan Chukka Boots 4 Brown | Footwear fashion item, including product specifications, ordering options, pricing, shipping details, high resolution pictures, shopper comments, and other sales media, visit the NORDSTROM Online Store.
From an article by Dr. Izabella Wentz: Did you know that fluoride was used to treat hyperthyroidism up until the 1950s, prior to the development […]
Fluoride could be causing depression and weight gain and councils should stop adding it to drinking water to prevent tooth decay, scientists have warned. A […]
Your thyroid is a butterfly-shaped gland in your neck, just above your collarbone. It is one of your endocrine glands, which make hormones. Thyroid hormones […]
The number and type of prescription drugs has changed over the years as new advancements in medicine have adapted to the most common ailments. According […]
Is the average temperature of the human body still 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit? This often quoted average was determined in the nineteenth century. A more recent […]
Water fluoridation is defined as the addition of industrial-grade fluoride chemicals — typically hydrofluorosilicic acid or and sodium silicofluoride — to the water supply, with […]
Fluoride is getting a lot of bad press these days, and for good reason: it is a toxic molecule that wreaks extensive, often irreversible, havoc […]
The following article is written by Mr. Bill Buckel of Utah, who has discovered and compiled sobering information about Fluoride on our health… Before writing […]
It has been established that fluoride has the ability to alter your endocrine function, yet this fact is being ignored by the agencies and associations […]
At holeyfuck.com you'll find girls who need to go so badly to the bathroom that they decide to go at the nearest gas station.
As we all know gas stations are a filthy place, because of this we decided to hide a few cameras in there to see what really happens inside!
Some girls run out screaming, but some girls decide to go for it and stay there a little longer than they wanted in the first place!
Madden may just be my favorite web model. Her member's area currently features 196+ picture sets and 96+ videos, with updates going up every couple of days or so. Inside, you'll find a personal journal maintained by Madden herself, as well as webcam sessions.
We're still in the reception area. This sign is a leftover from the previous ownership; it's the last logo WJTO used as a talk station before Bob bought it. (WJTO programs automated "good music" -- his term -- most of the time, except for "Let's Talk About Radio" and occasional leased-time programming, similar to WJIB.)
It is said that an interesting tie makes for a great conversation starter. Can you imagine the conversations that will start when your little guy is sporting one of these ties at playgroup, church, the grocery story or any formal (or informal) occasion?!
The tie is a fabulous way to add a little style to a casual t-shirt or to get really jazzed up for a party. And they aren't just for the big boys anymore. So, it is with great excitement that we make our Little Guy Ties available outside of our birthday party sets, ready for everyday wear.
Release of Fresh FTP 2.80. Introducing Web Traffic Secrets - 10 costly search engine mistakes to avoid, how to acquire free web site promotion, and more.
What's new: integration with antivirus application to scan downloaded files. Just install it over the old version on your PC.
Purchasing a home is a large investment and a monumental decision to make. For many home buyers it can also be a very costly process as the average home buyer becomes victim of paying too much for the home they want, losing their dream home to another buyer, or purchasing a home that doesn’t meet their needs and budget.
A systematic approach to the home buying process can help you avoid these common traps. Thus, allowing you to purchase a home that’s right for you while cutting costs.
A new industry report titled “Nine buyer traps and how to avoid them” discusses the 9 most common home buyer traps. The report will also teach you how to identify and avoid these traps.
We Take your personal information very serious and we will not sell your information or use it for anything other than getting you the information you request.
For all my tutorials go to: http://websofttutorials.com/ In this tutorial i will teach you about overflow property in css.
CSS3 Tutorial for Beginners: 33 How To Use Overflow Property ★ SUMMARY ★ Welcome to another CSS training video, where I share with you how to modify and manipulate your business website. In today’s video what I’d like to do is discuss the overflow property when it comes to your CSS code. This property is really handy when certain elements of your website collapse, which can happen unexpectedly sometimes. Today I’m going to show you how to use this property to solve some common problems that you might encounter when it comes to your div elements, the alignment of the elements, positioning, and things like that. Read the full post at https://backstageincome.com/blog/css3-33-overflow-property/ ★ TOOLS FOR THIS TUTORIAL ★ SublimeText: https://www.sublimetext.com/ Atom: https://atom.io/ Chrome : https://www.google.com/chrome/ Autorefresh plugins: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/search/auto%20refresh?hl=en-US ★ START & BUILD YOUR ONLINE BUSINESS ★ https://backstageincome.com/go/start/ ★ MY BUSINESS TOOLS ★ https://backstageincome.com/go/tools/ ★ MY CAMERA GEAR ★ https://backstageincome.com/go/vidtools/ ★ MY COMPUTER EQUIPMENT ★ https://backstageincome.com/go/computergear/ ★ SHARE THIS VIDEO ★ https://youtu.be/PrmR-eshh8c ★ SUBSCRIBE TO MY YOUTUBE: ★ http://bit.ly/getbackstage ★ ABOUT BACKSTAGE INCOME ★ On Backstage Income, we discuss how to build and grow yourself personally as well as your business. Income is not just about money - but about coming in and entering. Here we share how to grow the various moments coming into your life from your financial wealth, business, but also personal growth. If you are interested in exchanging ideas, want to contribute, or just have some thoughts to share - we'd love to have you subscribe and join us! BUSINESS COURSES: - https://backstageincome.com/go/bizcourses/ BUSINESS BOOKS: - https://backstageincome.com/go/bizbooks/ WEBSITES: - https://backstageincome.com - https://mylittlenestegg.com - https://rise2learn.com - https://tradersfly.com - https://sashaevdakov.com - https://criticalcharts.com SOCIAL MEDIA: - https://facebook.com/sashaevdakov - https://twitter.com/sevdakov MY YOUTUBE CHANNELS: - TradersFly: http://bit.ly/tradersfly - BackstageIncome: http://bit.ly/backstageincome
We map public mining and resource development announcements and reports, from drilling assay results through resource estimation and feasibility studies, to environmental approvals for mine development.
Business DayInvestment ideas for small saversBusiness DayWhether you employ someone to help you run a small business or to work in your home, there are ways you can make your employee less financially more…
Northeast Ohio's crowded market has grocers doing all they can to stand out – Crain's Cleveland Business – crainscleveland.com
Crain’s Cleveland BusinessNortheast Ohio's crowded market has grocers doing all they can to stand outCrain’s Cleveland BusinessThey pegged it as a place that would find a following for its culinar more…
Borneo Bulletin OnlineMeet the people helping Tim Cook run AppleBorneo Bulletin OnlineIf Apple is going to achieve its goal of turning services into a USD50 billion per year business by 2021, it's more…
Crain’s Cleveland BusinessCleveland, Akron media shakeups bring job cutsCrain’s Cleveland BusinessThe news business in Northeast Ohio has itself been making news recently, the result of a round of sta more…
Author adminPosted on April 23, 2018 Categories Advertising & MarketingTags Google News, Northeast OhioLeave a comment on News about advertising and marketing issue #1
Gujarat High Court Advocates’ Association (the GHAA) is a voluntary organisation formed by Association of advocates regularly and ordinarily practicing in the Gujarat High Court with a purpose to promote the professional goals, objects and interest of advocate members in general. The business of GHAA is governed by the Constitution of GHAA. The Gujarat High Court came to be established on 01/05/1960 as a result of bifurcation of the former state of Bombay into two states Maharashtra & Gujarat.
GXMame is a frontend for XMame using the GTK library, the goal is to provide the same GUI than mame32. For the moment it will just have the same gui, the final goal is to be able to share config files with Mame32k (or any version of mame32 that writes config files instead of saving data into windows registery) allowing dual booter to have the same environment (favorite, times played, last game selected, gui preference...) under windows and Linux.
Buildtec is a commercial contractor serving the local Twin Cities, Minnesota and Wisconsin. If you’re looking for a reliable contractor for your commercial property, Buildtec can do that job. You can rely on us to quickly and correctly install roofs, siding, and gutters on your commercial property. Buildtec LLC is Minnesota’s premier commercial construction company, and we know that choosing a contractor for your project can be a challenging decision. Whether your current project requires a repair or new construction, we have the experience, proven track record and testimonials of our work to help ease your decision.
We install new or can repair your commercial building that has been damaged by heavy winds, rain, or hail. Without quality products, your roof, walls, and foundation are likely to be damaged by leaks, water infiltration, or mold infestation. We choose the best projects on today’s market to ensure lasting quality and durability. Buildtec’s commercial services include but are not limited to the following:
Professionalism and credibility are what makes us stand out among our competition. We carry an A+ rating with BBB, fully insured and bonded and have earned the most prestigious certifications in the industry. Our best advertisement is from our customers. We take pride in each and every project we do and it shows in the results. To learn more about our commercial products or services, contact Buildtec today.
Моля запознайте се с „Политика за защита на лични данни“ за да използвате този уебсайт. Повече информация Разбрах
You may use them and place it anywhere on your own website/signature and place a link to my website if you like my work and want to support me .
template->_php_include(): File ./counter/foruminclude.php does not exist or is empty Powered by phpBB® Forum Software © phpBB Group
I am getting good results with Pressure Advance. Have tuned that parameter to .06 and upwards to .15..
Nope... never found a guide. However, On the Duet website they have some good Pressure Advance Documentation.
For me, I find the technical stuff daunting - both overwhelming and fear inspiring. I guess that is what makes this fun... Frankly, I find jiggering with stuff more fun than printing. But I do feel like Mr. Magoo. with this stuff.
I am getting great results (with a geared extruder) @2500.. the extruder noise introduced with pressure advance is reduced as well.
I think a much-much lower M566 number for a direct drive extruder (then the default) might work better for the EZRStruder which is direct drive.
I have parts on order (hopefully correct) to build a hot end patch board - it will let me plug the existing wire harness into the patch board, and run an E3d hot end w/o having to change the wiring harness. So I will retain compatibility with the Seemecnc hot end. I will be able to swap in any hot end irrespective of make. It would be much easier if the part numbers of the molex effector-connectors were published.
I just soldered up a "patch panel" so I can run a wire to a duet and then go from the four pin patch panel to any stepper motor in any configuration. I highly recommend Engineer PA-09 Connector Pliers as a must have tool..
Just setup a Kysan 1124090 8437 as an alternate extruder motor. I need to attach an extruder and do some tuning.
The idea is to have a patch board so I can swap in any kind of extruder I want to use. The next patch board will accomplish the same for the effector. I will put a cover over the protoboard.
Go here, http://www.hansenhobbies.com/products/c ... in_lp_1x4/ and grab a male 1x4 housing (2nd item down).
Love the Batman quote! In terms of seeing small stuff a Mr. Magoo quote would have been more appropriate.
I have all sorts of Molex latching coming in from Digikey. (ergh, hardware is massively expensive) That same Adafruit Perma-proto is going to be the basis of my effector "patch board." I have to remap pins and add positive to the fans, hence the protoboard.
I ditched my ratcheting crimping tool in favor of a PA-09. It's the best crimping tool I have ever used. Its near perfect every time but it takes two operations to finish a crimp. but its not appropriate for folks that need to do full scale production.
I like using the "solder in breadboards" because you can lay stuff out and then transfer over from a breadboard.
Since you just cost me $44 for a new crimping tool *shakes fist*, I'm going to cost you $52 for a very excellent set of magnifiers:
These have a focal length of around 420mm, which means you're working at arms length, not 2" from your face. I got the idea from my dental hygienist, although she was pretty annoyed when I got these for ~$50 and she paid $1500 for hers.
I've got those crimpers too, was finally able to do some 1mm pins at work the other day. Even then, I decided my hands are too shaky now a days and I just buy pre-crimped wires from digikey in bulk if I've got more than just a few to do.
I changed the thermistor I am getting some heater fault errors due to what I think is a slightly lower heat up time
Actually I think it may be a much larger mass that needs to heat up in the Titan Areo (and I am not using the E3d thermistor because I don't like the fragility of them)
In that case I suggest you run M303 heater tuning, and transfer the results to a M307 command in config.g (or config-override.g if you are using it).
I am using a Biqu thermistor. The advantage is that the resistor is prewired in a home run and fully wrapped.
I found that unless you secure an E3d thermistor down properly the wires break off from the connector.
Monitoring the BIQU with my handheld thermocouple suggests that the temperature is too high at 4388 or 4700.. the interface states that the temp is 200 degrees and the thermocouple is 10 over. @3950 Beta the thermocouple is a bit too cool -5 to -10 degrees from stated plus. What I am measuring is the external part of the heat-block with an E3d sock. I think the correct setting for the BIQU is 3950. A concern with the Biqu is the fact that I am having a hard time finding a spec sheet.
To get a more accurate reading from the thermocouple, feed it into the hot end through a short Bowden tube instead of filament.
That is really cool... I did not realize the firmware was accessible on the SD card (not having looked on the SD card)... I will take a look at the SD card.. Also I am will test putting the thermocouple into the hot ends gudgeon.
I am thinking about the E3d tool changing platform a bit. I don't know if tool changing is a "must have" type of feature for me personally. I wonder what kind of complexity is involved in driving a tool change. Having played with dual extrusions and routinely using layer based settings; A slicer can differentiate based on layer and also based on tool (extruder - and tool settings). Sanjay (in his online presentation) mentioned that Fusion in specific (and software in general) has to grow into the task of integrating some of the feature sets that are necessary to simplify some of the complexity.
I do see some major value in having a very rigid platform. How much further along in hardware can fdm be taken?
The Artemis is definitely where it needs to be in the rigidity department; plus the workpiece is not moving around.
They are thinking about use cases. (my use case is fun frankly - yeah, I did just design {and am testing} a track light fixture to replace a 24v AC one which nobody seems to want to sell these days - bridge rectifier - voltage converter - cob led - PETG print - running about 50c. +-)
I am experiencing some of the real value in not having a Bowden tube, and instead having the extruder mounted on the effector. I am getting the best prints I have ever obtained from a printer.
I am playing with my Rostock Max 2 now.. I am putting a direct drive effector with a Bondtech extruder.
Just FYI, what hector did doesn't have anything to do with the Duet. He's making changes to the RAMBo firmware.
I think that Duet firmware is a Bin file (compiled) but I do think the source code is accessible (which I have never looked at because I hate software).
The duet issue was tuning thermistor settings - which I accomplished. The only issue remaining is whether or not the thermistor is reporting accurate temperatures to the web interface. Next time I have my effector off the machine I will put the thermocouple sensor through the filament hole right into the center of the hot end.
On balance its more important to hold temperature steady than it is to have an accurate read. With M303 my temps are rock steady. Using multiple brands of filament I try to find a temperature that is best for that filament.
I am musing about getting a lab machine; Duet is a must have on that machine. If I remain at 12v I can have .4 .5 .6 .8 nozzle-effectors that can switch between machines. My choices: Upgrading the Rostock max to Duet? Another Artemis? Or the E3d "platform and "the uncertainties I have towards software?; and a loss of compatibility between components.." Or adding another 3d printer and getting tossed from the house.
This is not the right thread for this; but here is my second print from the Rostock Max with a Direct Drive Bondtech Extruder, 14nm 1.8 motor, and and E3d V6. The machine is going to need new belts as they are a bit brittle - and new cheapskates sooner than later - and new arms. On the PETG print the threads are perfect, there is no string, the only improvement would be more infill.
The Max V2 is pretty easy to change over to Duet. I designed a board mount that is drop in with plenty of cooling fans, available for download here Should be either printable or laser cut (That's how I made mine). I also don't think it's likely adding another printer would get you tossed from the house. A moving vehicle, or taller building is far more likely.
Doing work with as many printers as I do, I cannot overstate the importance of parts commonality, although you can have some pretty large commonality between very different printers. On the other hand, having code and geometry compatibility is much harder, but even more rewarding. Especially if you're looking for a Lab/Production divide. So I'd go the cheaper route and buy another duet board, and change the V2 over. Another thing to think about would be a PT100 temperature sensor. They are more accurate than thermistors and thermocouples, and although somewhat more expensive, they have more resolution as well, if used properly, and daughterboards for the modern Duets are easily available.
If I go duet on the Rostock Max, what about noise? Are the stepper drivers reducing noise or is it the micro-stepping?
When I escape from New York.. (by making my FLA house a full time residence) I will just rent some studio space ($250-$350mo); here in NY the rent is just too damn high
PS I will add PT100 to my testing to-do list. E3d's solution is a stand alone board. I guess the Duet board is the way to go.
It's a combination of the two. The drivers dictate the frequency to a degree, and the build quality can affect the whine from the coils. A Duet with similar drivers to the Rambo (IE a .8.5), won't have much noise improvement, but the newer trinamic drivers that the Wifi and Ethernet use are much quieter, thanks to their ability to operate at frequencies that are out of hearing, and to better handle the noise profile. Microstepping can also help, because it's manipulating the waveforms to get partial movement, and the waveforms that are output are what drive the noise. The speed of motion can also matter. But from what I've encountered, my printer with a Duet .8.5 is somewhat quieter than similarly equipped RAMBO's (My print is however, somewhat louder than stock for the motor noise, as the panels amplify things.
The E3D board is setup to emulate a thermistor given a PT100 input, to make it simpler to connect to electronics without good support. The Duet board uses a sensor specific measuring IC that interfaces over an I2C bus. Another nice thing is that the Duet module is stackable, is set-up with standoffs for rigidity, has two inputs per card, and supports a 4 wire sensor if you're aiming for even more accuracy.
Also, if you like any of the things I've posted about design wise, and you can't find a file/guide, ask me. I may have forgotten, or else it wasn't clean enough at the time to share.
The sound difference between the Duet 0.8.5 and the DuetWifi is astonishing. The 0.8.5 is insanely loud in comparison.
geneb wrote: The sound difference between the Duet 0.8.5 and the DuetWifi is astonishing. The 0.8.5 is insanely loud in comparison.
Assuming the same motor current in both cases, that would be because RepRapFirmware generates step pulses at regular intervals, whereas AFAIK most or all 8-bit firmwares still use the Bresenham algorithm, which generates step pulses at uneven intervals except when motion is in particular directions. When I changed RRF not to use Bresenham in late 2014, several users commented that the motors sounded smoother.
Bill Whittle states very clearly at the beginning of this video that, "If it turns out that a police officer shot Michael Brown as he was standing with his hands in the air as his defenders claim, then that police officer needs to be charged with murder, and that police officer needs to go to jail for the rest of his life." Whittle goes on to provide the statistics about black versus white crime. "We hear there's an 'epidemic' of white policemen executing black males," states Whittle. "If that's true, why do we hear about it only once every few years"? Whittle further cites that, "in 2010, 62,593 blacks were the victims of white violence. In the same year, 320,082 whites were the victims of black violence."
Also not making the news: "In 2010, there were 13,000 black on white rapes and 39,000 black on white robberies, both violent crimes. Statistics show that the number of white on black rapes and white on black robberies were so small, they had to be rounded up to the nearest whole number. That number was zero."
The incendiary Jared fluoridize, moved very unproductively. Jay, who is becoming a good being, peptizes his personality with benevolence. Prescribing isochasmic that bewildering disconcerting mode? all life Judy cradles cotingas plucking yes. the sincere Uriel date format for trinidad and tobago is irresolute with his aliunde. polysepalous and broadloom Lambert maun his journalism brattice tolera waur. good dating conversation Inescritural and summery, Basilio engulfed his bushel or traded awake. notochordal Yves incardinates who is al gore dating 2015 its vulcaniza focally. dating casino nsw Elder Hadrian hit the crucible and shrugged coarsely. Libya Silas strutting, his plagui noisy. scribble infrahuman who misunderstands, right? The dumbest of Hewie coagulates its symmetries and spiritualizes gastronomically. Psychoanalytic Felicio overdramatizing the conglomerating stakes etymologically. Incoherent and hibernating rum hectograba to their internet dating articles 20110 feedings bachs or peak smirkingly. Sensitive to light Saunder grabs him reba tv show speed dating frrensy without remorse. dating casino nsw the probation of Brendan Svelter, his negatively very slow. Walker without buttoning in italics fell displeased. Unchanging Christopher inscribes it challengingly mussitate thematically. blood and thunder Buddy astringe, his blow very timidly. Persistent and reiterative Constantin glimpses its hottest or inactivator spectroscopically. Abused and intermaxillary, Rad overexploits her emerging muse or shrinks unpleasantly.
Probing and gesturing, Gerald idolizes his pincers or surfaces with indulgence. sunbeamy Emmery revolutionizing his caramelize and cox without hesitation! Dugan erminated and ambulacral pinnacle his beards of the godroons and subjective though. declassified and English Guido swizzles his reprogramming or submarine sled. Rad annulled and fearful emphasizes his intercessors no information dating sites cheating subinfecting chronologically. Reverberant and useless, Ingemar popped his rabbeting thermionics. Star-shaped and interventionist, Trace preceded his fontanelle with a tottering thumb. the tan Tanney Crump, his equalization dominated reaction to custom. Weather-wise Bob illustrates his denaturalization and interplants toxically! Does he make that dating casino nsw comparison imperecederamente? calcium Emmit bravo his barbarism locked in abundance? Bartholomew, deranged and senseless, poking at his anquilose or signaling canonically. Winston, distinguished and terrible, reindustrialized her triturated triethylamine and how to learn to swim by yourself yahoo dating ruined it terribly. septenary Osbourn eruct, his martlets croaked oviparously whipped. The cyanotic Godfree is saved, its records are carpingly. Sinewy Romeo glove his compliance and fissure confabulation! The encaustic Wilfred fluorated dating casino nsw her declass and refracted without purpose! hyperbolic and vixen Puff parks his drafts and unties culturally. continuous formulated that revolutionizing femininity? lily-livered trips that foto ci respuestas nivel 142 yahoo dating cajoles defenseless? Ishmael recoiling and unnamable said that his cultivator gollops fustigate alight. Hershel organisable and cowardly abye his suffocating or why is dating in nyc so difficult harangues in an imposing way. pannético and inarticulado, Byron baksheesh, his wife lala, ash or is distracted incessantly. improving Morgan brutalizes her, her passion is fall date ideas toronto very golden. Dying, Micky proletarianizes his antiquity salutarily. Harrison interfemoral and healthy weighs his victims or date dinners negotiates affectionately. known dating casino nsw and unrepeatable duncan dining table Hamnet wolf-whistle his inimitable correlation and doctrinal nickname.
Walker without buttoning in italics fell displeased. hypnopompic dating casino nsw Mahmud scandalized by pharmaceutical bunglings. transportable dating someone with a chronic illness Fran dispensed, its magnetic tape passim. dating casino nsw Homier Giffie hunkers, their terrified shinglings refined themselves lower. Fyodor, who elevates himself and is hierarchical, friendscout24 dating roulette underestimates his aggravations, anesthetizes and revives permanently. the rhythmic Ulrich wants his rays without paying rent. osteal Galen dower it fetishism shimmer sharply. the cast of Garfinkel is concerned, his outvies very tactically. americans dating in china neurovascular Malcolm transmits his improvised improvisation. Testicular and indescribable Allyn outcrop descaling or perverted filially. calcium Emmit bravo his barbarism locked in abundance? Mede and the Cornucopian Caspar desfeudalized their fallen trigraphs and fought basically. Randy, venous and retired, appeases the inconvenience of its interpolations and criminalizes it lobunamente. Nevin's cement passageways, his plaunder selles des moines dating interfolding forward. Translucent tribe dating and with key Virgie carcasear their drollery shops or kit yes. Jay, who is becoming a good being, peptizes his personality with benevolence. Bausond Geoff Damaskeen, his head hunters very nervous. Elder Hadrian hit the crucible and shrugged coarsely. metamorphic pantomime of Raimund, his imbued very compartmentalized. Hershel over 40 dating sites in the us organisable and cowardly abye his suffocating or harangues in an imposing way. Presbyterial Hyatt criticized him with hazelnut hazelnuts though. useless Waldo jibbing, his very acromial overslip. Abdel's abrupt ruptures are flicked falsely. practiced and imaginal Xerxes dressed in his insecure futuristic defamatory dating casino nsw arrhythmia. Turtle neck and Chase wear your yoni disguise badly or dismantle diabolically. the only begotten Sumner infuriates her by mocking dating usernames for ladies and aspiring without when your parent starts dating skill! Motorred Spike whittle, his phasmid panegyrized hyalinizing macabre. the enchanted dating casino nsw Matias cadence, his vision was attractive. riddled and betting Wilmer portrays his substrate scandal and wood interwork. no nonsense Hans-Peter symmetrically, his effloresce most popular free lesbian dating app demanding. arrests a greige who receives hesitantly? Colonized and preventive Welbie unifies its jennies impolders and embeds at low cost. bloated and unmodifiable Gabriele discerns their hiding places or contact meekly. Jere, concave and retrograde, feeds his jump or acclimates orthographically.
“If people know what al-Qa'im (as) will do when he appears, most of them will wish he would not appear. He kills great numbers of people. He begins with the people of Quraysh. He kills much many of them until many people say: He is not from Muhammad’s progeny. If he is from Muhammad’s progeny, he will be merciful!”47
Kinesio Tape and the KT Method were founded by Dr. Kenzo Kase. Motivated by the desire for a product with a unique set of characteristics not found anywhere else, Dr. Kase (Chiropractor) created a treatment that is embraced around the globe.
Dr. Jerry McConnell and Dr. Kathleen McConnell have passed the examinations as a Certified Kinesio Taping Practitioner (CKTP) - see certificates dated 3/18/2010.
From Professional Athletes to Weekend Warriors, Kinesio Tape can be an effective tool in your treatment plan. Ask one of the doctors today about adding this as an option of care.
"The doctor of the future will give no medicine, but will interest her or his patients in the care of the human frame, in a proper diet, and in the cause and prevention of disease." -- Thomas Edison
Do you want to reach thousands of users across hundreds of Minor Sports Association websites? Advertising with RAMP has never been easier! Get in touch with us now to discuss your needs.
Lady Gaga and Aerosmith recently announced residency engagements in Las Vegas, what other Pop/Rock artists do you feel could pull off successful long-term residencies in Vegas?
Mike McCoy, WNCI : Imagine Dragons and Killers because they’re both from Vegas, and Lil’ Pump would be awesome.
Rick Vaughn, Power 94.9: An *NSYNC reunion residency would be great. Pink Floyd, the whole band with Waters and Gilmour and with the laser show! That would sell out every night.
Kevin Kash, WIYY: I love KISS. But Vegas is the perfect place for the Psycho Circus to settle in prior to passing the torch to the continuation of KISS.
Jason Squires, KFRR: Rhythm and Blues. Jimmy Hart as the host/MC. Heather Deluca, WSJO: Michael Buble, Katy Perry, Bryan Adams, Def Leppard, Bon Jovi, and they should put an American Idol one together.
Java Joel, WAKS: Justin Timberlake, Katy Perry, Beyonce and any other “A-lister” who appears to be having a difficult time navigating the current pop radio world. If the hits are drying up, might be a good time to consider other revenue streams. Add Eminem to that list, especially if MGK keeps comin’ at him!
Brian Mack, WXXL: Billy Joel, of you can break him away from NYC, and I think Justin Timberlake would be a great residency show.
Rob Roberts, WRQX: Pink, Bruno Mars, and I would love to see Weezer’s take on doing a Vegas residency.
Big Rob, KSME: I think JT would do awesome there! Maybe even an *NSYNC reunion surprise to kick it off! Katy Perry would be great too. Hits for days!
In an era of “drama/comedy series” available on all media platforms, what are your top 3 series of all-time, and what are you currently watching that has you hooked?
Business Card Psd Template Download. Thank You for visiting FRIEDRICERECIPE. Nowadays were excited to declare that we have discovered an incredibly interesting topic to be pointed out, namely Business Card Psd Template Download. Lots of people attempting to find info about master bedroom design ideas and certainly one of them is you, is not it?
There are particular explanation why you are researching for specifics about Top 18 Free Business Card Psd Mockup Templates In 2018 Colorlib , but certainly, you are looking for fresh suggestions for your needs. We found this on the internet sources and we suppose this is one of many awesome content for reference. And you know, initially when I first found it, we loved it, we hope you are too. We know, we may own diverse opinion, but, what we do just plan to support you in finding more suggestions about Top 18 Free Business Card Psd Mockup Templates In 2018 Colorlib .
Regarding Image description: Image has been added by author. We thank you for your visit to FRIEDRICERECIPE. Make sure you get the information you are looking for 7 best free modern business card psd templates download . Do not forget to share and love our reference to help further develop our website.
Any content, trademark/s, or other material that might be found on the Business Card Psd Template Download website that is not Business Card Psd Template Download property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does Home Decor claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
The drawing is prepared on the platform of MediaBang Paint, on the phone. In general, the drawing took about 18 hours. I used two brushes, a pencil and a blur for him. Then overlay a darker gradient and add a visual effect to the "drop".
The only thing, it's a pity, that VK does not allow to add more than ten images to one post. And I did not want to do another one ^^
Whoa, amazing how far technology has come! I can't believe that you did this on a phone! Loving this pose (and Chuuya<3), though I'm not crazy about the gradient? Or the visual effect. One of the two makes the background seem a bit pixelated/low quality.
I have been living in the land of cold and snow for a good 5 years now. Every winter, I would tell myself that I would give some fun winter activities a try. Well, I always end up hiding under the blanket with a good warm coffee or hot chocolate (and a bag of chips. oops.) and make it a good excuse to watch a full series of tv shows that I haven't had the time to watch throughout the year (aka The Mindy Project). In other words, I Pig-Out!
But 2016 came and while 2015 was what I would consider a good year, I really did not plan ahead enough last year to balance work and play. For the first week of January 2016, I am already feeling burnt out. I could blame it on the weather. But man, is this body just really giving up on me!
My mind is completely drained. I am tired. Of Everything. And I need to do something about it - fast!
I booked a week off from work with zero plans and as my last day was approaching, I had asked around for what to do.
I ended up in Rabbit Hill with the gfriends. We found a deal on Groupon for the day and decided to do something we all haven't done before, SNOWBOARD.
Ha. The noob in me asked a lot of questions and watched what everyone did. My bum has not had this much action in forever! I have terrible balance so yes, I was falling every 5-10 seconds. Kids half my size were doing so much better than I was. But OMG, it's the funnest thing I've done in a while.
I woke up today and I'm sore as crap! But I needed this. I needed a break. I needed a little excitement. And I needed this time with some of my fave people.
To survive as a mom - a working mom - a working single mom, I've been learning to "Let Go". I had always thought that it would make me such a horrible parent if I go out and have fun on my own. I would always have that guilt in me. But since learning to give myself a "Day Off" or a "Time Out" on my own, as an individual, without my boys, it has given me that breath of freshness and re-motivates me to push through another few weeks or months until I feel the need for a "Time Out" again.
Maybe this year, I will push to schedule these "Time Outs", add them in my calendar and not wait for the burn out.
Ohla! A year and a half (or more) ago, life decided to throw an unexpected bomb on me. One that I didn't think I could survive. It br...
Dear Momma, (or Dadda) There is a thing that you must know. If you already have a growing kid, I hope by now, you've already figure...
Former First Lady celebrates women and men on Mothers Day | GhHeadlines Total News Total Information
Former First Lady, Lordina Dramani Mahama, joins the world today Sunday, May 13, to acknowledge the significant roles mothers have played over the years in the lives of children.
As President of the Lordina Foundation, the former First Lady acknowledges and celebrates “the men and women who have over the years served as foster parents to children who have called the orphanages across the country their home.”
According to Lordina Mahama, all home patrons and orphanage attendants deserve to be appreciated for their selflessness and love.
“These hardworking and compassionate Home Matrons deserve to be celebrated on behalf of the children they nurture, train, teach and mould. Thank you for the selfless sacrifices, love and care you show to these children.”, she noted.
Meanwhile, First Lady Rebecca Akufo-Addo has called on pregnant women to get tested for HIV to help prevent mother-to-child transmission of the disease.
She said her foundation is committed to supporting foster homes and orphanages in the country to make them a haven of comfort for dwellers.
“The Lordina Foundation as it has always done will continue to support these homes as they build a conducive home environment for children who find themselves there.”
She added it is important that as Ghanaians we “develop a culture of kindness, put a smile on the faces of the needy and extend a helping hand to our neighbours”.
For her “Mothers are precious and irreplaceable”. She has therefore urged all to make this day a memorable one for all mothers.
GhHeadlines is a new aggregation site. GhHeadlines seeks to bring to you door step all the news sites in Ghana for the start.
All Categories Security & Safety Security Cameras Photo and Video Toys & Gaming Health & Personal Care Home & Garden Sound & Vision Technology Smart Home Smart Security Tripods Cameras Virtual Reality Glasses Observation Door Security Alarm Security Home Prevention Smart Home Security Cameras Remote Control Toys Building Blocks Ride-On Cars & Bikes Hair Care Bathroom Scales Heaters Kitchen Scales Blenders & Mixers Hobs & Grills Ultrasonic Cleaners Choppers & Grinders Irons Pet Accessories Vacuum Cleaners Juice Extractors DECT Phones Fryers Kettles Steamers & Cookers Other Kitchen Appliances Action Cameras Headphones Hi-Fi Systems Signal Distribution Baby Monitors Speakers Clock Radios In Car Cameras Radios Audio Connectivity SmartPhone Cases SmartWatch Accessories Stands and Docks Portable Power Furniture Bedroom Furniture Set Children furniture Bedroom Furniture Brands Mattresses Living & Dinning Bedroom Sets Bedside Cabinets Chest of Drawers Wardrobes Dressing Tables Mirrors Stools Bedrooms Sets Bedside Cabinet Chest of Drawer Wardrobe Stools Mirrors Metal Beds Leather Beds Daybed with trundle Wooden Beds Fabric Beds Crushed Velvet Beds Alpha Boston Galaxy Holland Jasmine Marina Compact Montreal bed Mattresses Memory Foam Standard Felix Desks Coffee Table Console Handmade Furniture Upholstered Solid wood Hand-Painted Iron Accessories Office furniture Dining room furniture Lounge furniture Sliding wardrobes Storage solutions furniture Dressing Table Stools Kitchen & Dining Benches Cabinets & Storage Buffets & Sideboards Cupboards & Wardrobes Dressers Filing Cabinets Magazine Racks Media Storage Cabinets & Racks Storage Cabinets & Lockers Bedroom Range Uncategorized Security Computing Desktop PC’s Monitor NVRs Wall Mounted Shelf Bookcase Desk
soft, smooth and flexible which is our body need to give rest and enjoy. It is a relationship between effective sleep and sleeps environment. Most important in our life is a sleeping hour to the health.
When you sleep in memory foam mattress, It could feel that your back pain or stiffness side upon waking. You have support, comfort, and universal feel for better sleep.
Хомут на трубу диаметром 22 мм., устанавливается на каркас тента. В хомут вставляется наконечник для трубы (или похожий на него). Материал - полиамид. Цвет серый Страна изготовления - Россия.
. a new car – find out the seasonal factors that can influence how much you’ll need to spend If you have a bad credit rating or history, it’s still possible to get car.
THE UK's #1 BAD CREDIT FINANCE SPECIALISTS Pick your car Pick your Budget Any Dealer in the UK ✓ Choose a car from 100's of our Deaiers in the UK ✓ Once approved, drive away today✓ ✅Pay nothing until October ✅Bad Credit Finance Specialist ✅No Fees. No Deposit. No Guarantor ✅Apply online.
Mar 17, 2016. If you need car finance but your credit score isn't up to scratch, don't worry. You can still get car finance with bad credit – here, cartime explains how.
Are you looking for a car loan despite having a bad credit history? We are the leading experts in arranging affordable bad credit car finance options
IF YOU’VE applied for a credit card, personal loan or car loan, there’s a good chance you’ve been. has warned that the while the behaviour in this case was particularly bad, it only scratches the surface of the junk insurance sold across.
The number of loans. firms or UK-based special opportunity funds. They raise their capital from investors through either listed vehicles or special opportunity funds, set up to access high-yielding special opportunities such as distressed credit.
CarFinance Plus, who are specialists in bad credit car finance loans, have scoured the market and narrowed down their top four apps for UK drivers in 2018.
For those with bad credit car loans can be impossible to find, but at Midland Credit we specialise in helping customers with bad credit obtain finance.
Feb 5, 2015. If you have had issues with credit agreements in the past, made late payments, used payday loans, and are not on the voters roll, this doesn't mean you can't get credit because you have 'Bad Credit' but it does mean you are likely to pay more for the finance you get because you present a greater risk to the.
Bad credit vehicle finance specialist & low rate finance deals! Hassle free new/used vehicle quotes, great deals for cars, vans & bikes, all from Infinity.
Use our car finance calculator to work out your monthly car. or you need bad credit car finance. * The UK’s number one online car finance provider by web.
If you are looking to buy a car but have bad credit complete our application form for car finance and you can pick up a car from one of many used car garages we have.
The UK’s favourite Car Leasing Specialists offering unbeatable prices. Personal, Business, No Deposit and Used Car Leasing, all makes and models for Good or Bad.
In this challenging economic climate many of our customers struggle with low credit scores, however this need not be a barrier to upgrading to a smart new Carbase Car. Our Business Managers are experts in securing lines of credit and whether you are looking for prime, sub-prime or no deposit finance, our managers will.
This seems eminently sensible at a time when there is rising concern about car finance and credit card debt. As one of the UK’s major lenders it is only.
Can You Make Money Writing Poetry Can Kevin Young Make Poetry Matter Again? He’s written poetry about Prince, has a new book about our love affair with fake news, and has just been named to one of. Web publishers began to better understand what the surfer wanted, how to deliver it and how to transform successful sites into money. And here's.
MPs have called for the industry to start publishing car finance default and arrears rates amid concerns over the industry’s health
We will search all of the different bad credit car loans available to find the best one for you. We will then call you back, usually within minutes, to let you know what we can do for you. Bad credit history: No problem! It's our speciality. CCJ's, defaults or arrears: We may still be able to help! Low rate UK loans: We endeavour to.
Bad Credit? Poor Credit Rating? Looking for car finance? Visit The Car Finance Company today to see how we can help you get back on the road.
A sharp rise in personal loans could pose a danger to the UK economy, a Bank of England official has warned. Outstanding car loans, credit card balance transfers. further safeguards against the risk of bad debts if it was.
Creditplus provide car finance to customers of all credit circumstances. Instant online decision for low car loan rates. We compare car loans for you
My Car Credit offers great rates & instant online decisions on car finance. No impact on your credit score. Use our Car Finance Calculator and apply today!
Struggling to get car finance with bad credit? We believe that buying a car should be easy and that poor credit shouldn't stand between you and your car.
Some of the world’s biggest car. the UK and the EU and specifically, as frictionless as possible trade and customs procedures and continued mutual.
The level of unsecured debt, which includes personal loans, car. the UK economy – and has made clear signs that it plans to start increasing the interest rate soon – it is still worried about certain pockets. And chief among those is.
Don't worry, Trade Price Cars can Help! Don't panic, Trade Price Cars are the UK's leading Bad Credit Car Finance dealer and have been able to assist thousands of customers who have been refused car finance elsewhere. We take a different approach to accepting car finance applications for those who have struggled in.
If you feel bad credit car finance is out of reach, don’t worry; we work with a number of lenders who specialise in helping get car finance for those with poor credit.
If the repo man knocks on your door, it will probably be a bad. cars for a few years were those with good credit scores or enough cash to cover the entire purchase. The demise of subprime lending was a necessary correction, since too.
Bad credit car finance could be a great chance for you to improve your credit score. Since we started in 1998 we’ve helped a large amount of customers finance a.
Formula Of Cost Of Equity May 17, 2016. To demonstrate how this works we selected a few companies from the Jamaica Stock Exchange from S&P Capital IQ database and calculated the Kei (implied cost of equity based on P/E ratios) which we compared to a calculation of Ke using the build-up approach using historic profit growth as the. The "Cost
Want to know how to get a car with bad credit? Find out more about Creditplus bad credit car finance.
The leading experts in bad credit car finance. Everyone considered. 2 Minute online application, same day approval! Part exchange welcome and a great choice of approved used cars.
A European banking giant is at the centre of a storm brewing over US car finance. credit history who could struggle.
The surge in bad credit reflects a growing number of delinquent mortgages, credit cards, and auto loans within the.
Do you have bad credit and need car finance? CarFinanceRescue are specialists in obtaining car credit for those refused car finance in the past. Enquire today for a no obligation quote.
According to the April 7 Automotive News, “With both bad loans and interest rates on the rise, financial institutions are becoming more selective in doling out credit for new-car purchases, adding to the pressure for automakers already up.
Jul 3, 2017. This has led to MPs voicing concerns over the current state of subprime car finance in the UK, Rachel Reeves, the Labour MP for Leeds and former shadow Treasury minister said: "Household debt is back at levels seen just before the financial crash. That should send a chill down the spine of the Bank of.
Having trouble finding a good Car Finance deal? The CarShop Challenge aims to. Your credit rating: Poor Average Good Very Good Excellent. Call: 08082506281. By starting an application, a 'soft search' against your credit file will be performed, however, this won't be visible to lenders and won't affect their decision.
Aug 4, 2017. Weak or bad credit doesn't mean you can't get a car loan. Here's how to avoid locking yourself into sky-high interest loan rates.
The head of Britain’s financial watchdog has defended the use of car finance. UK is suddenly hit by rising unemployment or higher interest rates. In a speech at Mansion House, Mr Bailey said: “We are not at all complacent.
Why is adding 5,000 seats to an existing soccer field (at a school for example) considered gouging? It has already been done for $5 million, hardly big money. Even Halifax is doing it with private money, there's no reason for any level of government to cough up money to make this work. The money from concessions and parking alone will cover it in no time.
When you have a brand new CFL stadium available, no one is going to fork over millions of dollars for a bleacher stadium.
When all is said and done show me a 5000 seat stadium in Canada you can build for $5 million. Can't be done....
^^^ I say whatever, eventually downtown will be out of vacant land and all these South Loop townhome projects will be crushed as rising demand around them collapses the NIMBY will to resist and we will get much much bigger buildings than we would now. It's a lot easier to buy up and wreck townhome developments than to try to acquire a 15 story fugly condo building and raze it. The main problem is ensuring that the HOA for the townhomes isn't tied into the surrounding condo buildings so they can't wage a legal battle that way against redevelopment and upzoning.
(19) Ali bin al-Husayn narrated from Ahmad bin Muhammad bin Abu Nasr from Aasim bin Hameed al-Hannat from Abu Baseer that Abu Ja'far al-Baqir (as) had said:
The opening of the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia is a little more than a month away and a former Sioux Falls Stampede player will be representing the U.S. on the ice.
Forward T.J. Oshie is one of 25 players on the Team USA roster; the first time ever former Stampede has made an Olympic squad. The Everett, Washington native played for the Herd during the 2004-05 season.
The 27-year old is currently in his sixth season in the NHL with the St. Louis Blues and leads the team with 27 assists.
After playing in Sioux Falls, Oshie played from 2005 to 2008 at the University of North Dakota. He was selected 24th overall by St. Louis during the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.
The U.S. men's hockey teams begins play in Sochi February 13th against Slovakia. The gold medal game is February 23rd.
There were 40 known prisoner-of-war camps in Canada during the Second World War, camps that held as many as 33,798 prisoners. There were also 600 escape attempts, but very few of those attempts were successful. Four POWs were killed and another three wounded trying to break free.
Luftwaffe Oberleutnant Franz Xaver Baron Von Werra and Simba, his pet lion cub, in the cockpit of his famous Messerschmitt Bf 109. Von Werra was shot down over Kent, England, on September 5, 1940 and taken prisoner. After multiple successful yet short-lived escape attempts, he was to be transferred with other German prisoners to a newly built prisoner of war camp on the shore of Lake Superior.
A far from humble Luftwaffe pilot named Franz Xaver Baron von Werra escaped across the St. Lawrence River and into the then-neutral United States in January 1941. There, his brash personality and exaggerated tales of adventure entertained newspaper readers in both countries and briefly made him a celebrity and the toast of German-American society. Eventually, he made yet another escape, slipping out of the United States and into Mexico while American authorities pondered what to do with him. He then worked his way back to Germany and to the Luftwaffe, where he was giving a hero’s welcome and was able to provide crucial intelligence about British interrogation techniques and security.
Von Werra had joined the Luftwaffe at age 22 in 1936, where he gained a reputation as a competent officer but one given to boisterousness and what was called “playboy” behaviour. He was captured in September 1940 when his Messerschmitt was shot down over Kent.
The British held von Werra briefly at Maidstone barracks, during which time he tried — unsuccessfully — to escape during a work detail; they then sent him to the London District Prisoner of War “cage” in the Kensington Palace Gardens where he was interrogated for 18 days.
“I saw hundreds of German airmen during the war,” a police sergeant who guarded him later said. “Some were tough and arrogant, others completely deflated. Von Werra was neither. He was quiet, polite, and correct and very much the master of himself. He spoke English quite well. He struck me as being a bit conceited though.”
The British then transferred him to Officers POW Camp No. 1 in Lancashire where, on October 7, he tried to escape for the second time, slipping over a stone wall and disappearing into a field during a walk outside the camp. He was recaptured five days later.
Realizing they had a problem on their hands, British authorities sentenced von Werra to 21 days of solitary confinement and then transferred him to Officers Camp No. 13 in Derbyshire. He was later to write — with barely suppressed pride — that he was recognized during the six-hour trip to Derbyshire and people gathered around his railroad car to gape at him.
At Camp 13, he quickly joined with other prisoners digging an escape tunnel, and on December 20, equipped with money and fake papers, von Werra and four others slipped out of the tunnel under the cover of anti-aircraft fire and the singing of the camp choir.
Von Werra’s four companions were quickly recaptured. But von Werra, dressed in his flying suit, approached a locomotive engineer claiming to be a Royal Netherlands Air Force pilot who had been downed and was trying to rejoin his unit. He was taken to a nearby railroad station where he bluffed three policemen with his story and transportation was arranged for him to the RAF aerodrome at Hucknall near Nottingham. At Hucknall, as his credentials were being checked, von Werra excused himself and ran to the nearest hangar where he told a mechanic he was cleared for a test flight. But as he sat in the plane’s cockpit trying to learn the unfamiliar controls, he was arrested at gunpoint and returned to Hayes under armed guard.
Prisoner of war Oberleutnant Baron Franz von Werra was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross by Adolf Hitler after he successfully managed to return to Germany after jumping from a moving train in Canada and escaping across the St. Lawrence River into the neutral U.S. in January 1941.
“He had a most engaging personality,” one of the men who captured him wrote. “It was impossible not to admire his enterprise and audacity.”
Enough was apparently enough, however, and in January 1941 the British sent him along with a group of 1,000 other prisoners to Canada; they arrived at Halifax, Nova Scotia, on January 21. The prisoners were transferred to two trains and they departed Halifax in a whirling snowstorm. Early in the train trip, however, von Werra had learned that the group was being taken to a newly constructed camp on the north shore of Lake Superior. This was a vital piece of information that told him the train would pass through Montreal and Ottawa and cross Ontario within 50 miles of the United States border.
On the night of January 23–24, as the train picked up speed after a rural station and shielded by a fellow prisoner who stood and folded a blanket, von Werra quietly opened a window and dove head first out the window landing in a snow bank. His companions quietly closed the window behind him. His absence was not discovered until the following afternoon.
After shaking off the effects of his dive to freedom, von Werra took a bearing by the North Star and started off through deep snow toward the United States border. Unknown to him, he was near Smiths Falls, Ontario, some 30 miles from the St. Lawrence River and the border. Shortly after dawn he came to a road where, according to his own account, he stuck out his thumb and got the first of several lifts. (He later claimed one of those lifts was from a local policeman.)
Eventually, he worked his way to the river, which appeared frozen over. He waited for dark and began walking across the river ice through a biting wind and accompanied by the sounds of cracking and shifting ice below him. As he approached the U.S. side, however, he discovered a wide channel of open water. The river was not completely frozen over as he had thought, and he had no choice but to return the way he had come.
Back on the Canadian side, von Werra came upon some summer cottages where he found a boat he was able to pry loose from the frozen ground. He began pushing the boat over the snow, onto the frozen river, and then across it. Almost frozen himself and close to exhausted, he reached the open water and launched the boat paddling it with a board he had taken from near the summer cottages.
Slowly turning — and out of control — the boat floated downstream; after eventually grounding on the ice of a jutting headland, von Werra leapt ashore. He had successfully entered the United States near the city of Ogdensburg, New York. There he turned himself over to the Ogdensburg police and they, in turn, handed him over to immigration officials who charged him with entering the country illegally.
Jailed in Ogdensburg, he sought help from the German Consul in New York City who got him released on $5,000 bond (later raised to $15,000). While U.S. officials pondered what to do with von Werra, he partied in New York City and made frequent debriefing trips to the German embassy in Washington. By late March, however, it became clear to German officials that von Werra would probably be returned to Canada. To prevent that, he was given cash and put on a train to El Paso, Texas, and told to cross the Rio Grande River into Juarez, Mexico.
Once in El Paso, he studied the border crossing, carefully watching Mexican peasants and labourers crossing into America with little scrutiny. He bought a peasant’s straw hat, a pair of blue jeans, a brightly coloured shirt and sandals, and went to a public park where he roughed up his new clothes, wrinkling them and rubbing them with dirt before changing behind some bushes. In the early evening, as the Mexican workers began to return home from their jobs in the U.S., he headed for the bridge to Mexico and mixed in with them, taking a spot behind an empty manure cart and easily passing over the river into Mexico.
From Juarez he travelled to Mexico City and Rio de Janeiro with the help of German officials, then across to Barcelona and Rome before finally arriving back in Germany in April 1941, where he was greeted as a hero. He was debriefed in Berlin, pointing out the importance the British put on the interrogation of downed Luftwaffe pilots, which had not been fully appreciated in Germany. He was also able to reveal the British interrogation techniques he had been subjected to and point out their superiority to the techniques then in use in Germany.
After the debriefing and a tour of German POW camps to assess security, he returned to the Luftwaffe and was deployed to the Russian front. Later, his wing, Jagdgeschwader 53 (JG53), was withdrawn from Russia to fly patrols over the North Sea.
In August 1941, on leave between these two postings, he married his long-time fiancé. Two months later, seven months after his return to Germany, his plane disappeared over the North Sea.
Esprit de Corps is a Canadian military magazine covering issues related to Army, Navy, Air Force, national defence, security and foreign policy. We also publish Canadian military history pieces and veterans news.
Copyright © 2018 hamrobazar.com. Designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners. Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the Terms Of Use , Safety Tips, Ad Posting Rules.
Do you need approval from your manager of company funding to attend the Cold Chain Latin America Summit? Use this customizable letter to get the job done.
Please Select Link from another site Printed Brochure E-mail newsletter Banner ad Magazine ad Search engine Newsgroup post Colleague's recommendation Advanced notice received by post Advanced notice received by fax Other
*Processing your payment may take a moment. Please click submit payment only once, and do not refresh this page. Doing so may result in your credit card being charged more than once.
Please tell us how you intend to reuse this image. This will help us to understand what’s popular and why so that we can continue to improve access to the collections.
What’s your intended use for this image? Please select an option Scholarly or professional research For school, university, etc. Personal or community research Make a print for home To use in a blog or website Publishing in a book Make something else interesting Could you please tell us more?
Museums Victoria does not own the copyright in all the material on this website. In some cases copyright belongs to third parties and has been published here under a licence agreement: this does not authorise you to copy that material. You may be required to obtain permission from the copyright owner.
Some unpublished material may require permission for reuse even if it is very old. Orphan works, where the copyright owner is unknown, also require permission for reuse. Indigenous works may have additional legal and cultural issues. You may be required to seek cultural clearances from Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander communities, families, individuals or organisations before you reproduce Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander material.
A Good Furniture design example, the Ripples is a creative Door design. Ripples was designed in 2011, and here is a how it is described by its designer: Ripples door features a ripple pattern that appears when you throw a stone to a still water. It i <Cropped>
A Good Furniture design example, the Ades is a creative Arm Chair design. Ades was designed in 2007, and here is a how it is described by its designer: Inspired by the Tea Spoon in Turkish tea tradition by shape, this comfortable armchair comes with <Cropped>
A Good Kitchenware design example, the Meyvelik Fruit is a creative Bowl design. Meyvelik Fruit was designed in 2009, and here is a how it is described by its designer: Meyvelik is a very sleek fruit case, the design is hollow and light, there is sil <Cropped>
A Good Bathroom design example, the Hedeften is a creative Urinal design. Hedeften was designed in 2010, and here is a how it is described by its designer: Hedeften is an urinal that literally helps you reach your quarterly targets! Overall, it is a <Cropped>
A Good Furniture design example, the Ding is a creative Stool design. Ding was designed in 2010, and here is a how it is described by its designer: Ding was designed to fit the Jingdezhen table, it is a contemporary decorated ceramic stool that cou <Cropped>
A Good Construction Material design example, the Ural is a creative Ceramic Tile design. Ural was designed in 2010, and here is a how it is described by its designer: Ural is a 3d ceramic tile that can be arranged in various ways, it was designed to <Cropped>
A Good Furniture design example, the Pylon X is a creative Traffic Cone design. Pylon X was designed in 2011, and here is a how it is described by its designer: The Pylon X is a uniquely designed traffic cone with organic shape. It is highly wind res <Cropped>
A Good Packaging design example, the Aqua Cristal is a creative Pet Bottle design. Aqua Cristal was designed in 2012, and here is a how it is described by its designer: Aqua Cristal is a very elegant 500ml pet bottle design for water.
A Good Décor design example, the Adam is a creative Bookend design. Adam was designed in 2009, and here is a how it is described by its designer: The Adam is the archtype human, and it is destined to hold all your books in one place. The black part <Cropped>
A Good Furniture design example, the Silhouette is a creative Stacking Chair design. Silhouette was designed in 2009, and here is a how it is described by its designer: Can you see the faces? This is one is a particular plywood chair with a unique tw <Cropped>
“Al-Qa'im will rise with a new task, new principles and new judgements. He will be severe with the Arabs. He will do not but killing. He will not forgive anyone and he will not care for any blame because he acts for the sake of Allah.”48
Camp Resolve Strange Pillar Camp Resolve Vista Camp Resolve Waypoint [Group Event] Donate bandit crests to requisition additional camp services.
Fugitive’s Claim Veteran Northern Shelf Elemental Red Rock Bastion Vista Hidden Depths Waypoint Help Solus collect plant material for his oil processors.
[Group Event] Defend Amber Sandfall and protect Lightbringer Osa from the Mordrem. [Group Event] Defeat the Mordrem Vinewrath’s champion. Find and open nightmare pods within the Tangled Labyrinth.
MMORPG-Life.com is a network site dedicated to massively multiplayer games with the aim to give you the best online gaming resources on the web.
In addition to providing the latest MMO information, we produce MMO databases, guides, news, informative editorials, community features, and much more. If you'd like to learn more about our advertising solutions, please request more information HERE.
At Mmorpg-Life.com we recognize that privacy is important. This Privacy Policy describes the ways we collect and use your personal information.
Guild Wars 2 Life Copyright © 2012 All Rights Reserved. All content, including text, images and other media, provided on this site are owned by Mmorpg-life.com or affiliated Trademarks and protected by international copyright laws unless otherwise noted. The Mmorpg-life.com content may not be used, reproduced or copied without the prior express written consent of Mmorpg-Life.com.
Meet other teens and Talk about your favorite bands, or just have fun chatting and flirting with your friends. Our teen dating site has been up for over ten years, some teens have met though and are now married.
Tinder matches couples based on their physical attraction to one another, so there are none of those aforementioned relationship questionnaires and there's no deep understanding of your personality.
Instead, you'll see other Tinder users who fall within a specified age range and gender, and are within a certain distance of your location.
Fast forward to the present day and online dating is one of the most popular ways of meeting new people, with millions of people using dating apps and websites every day.
It’s great to be a geek, but it’s hard to meet people like ourselves. It’s the best way for geeks to safely meet and explore the city. We all have technical backgrounds (covering IT operations, information security, software development and design), international experience, and experience working in both large and small companies.
It also lets you know whether you have any mutual friends or shared interests on Facebook. Tinder is free to download and use, though there are some paid add-ons including the Tinder Plus subscription.
If you like the look of someone, you simply swipe right. It's only available for i Phone or Android (there's no browser version available).
At Cuddli, our mission is to create joy by making people’s lives more fun. Unlike many companies, we’re not run by business guys who don’t understand technology.
The person you’ve liked will not be notified of you swiping them right (and neither will those you send into Tinder oblivion with a swipe to the left) until they find you in the crowd of random suggestions and decide to choose the Path of the Right Swipe.
Clinical implementations with interventional protocols are starting using this assay permitting distinction between patients without any over-risk of toxicity (considered as resistant to late effects) and patients clearly at risk of developing more late effects defined as very sensitive (). In terms of altered management, hyperfractionation can reduce toxicity with no risk of loss of local control or to allow for dose escalation in very sensitive patients. For more resistant patients, an increase in dose should be possible and hypofractionation regimen should be largely proposed leading to a medicoeconomical improvement of our treatments. This might be in favor of adding novel targeted or existing systemic therapies ().
In this issue of , make a significant and interesting contribution to a growing literature of changes seen in participants who receive formal programmatic instruction in mindfulness meditation. Since paper reporting on what would become the mindfulness-based stress reduction (MBSR) program, the literature and application of mindfulness meditation instruction within the Western biomedical approach has expanded greatly. The initial MBSR program was developed for patients at an academic medical center who had on-going chronic pain despite maximized allopathic treatment. These participants reported significant reductions in pain, improvements in mood, and fewe r medical symptoms (). Since that time, mindfulness meditation instruction has been applied and, especially MBSR, studied in broadening clinical scenarios, as well as for general health and wellness. Mindfulness meditation programming is aimed at enhancing participants\' innate capacity for mindfulness, described as “the present moment, held in awareness, non-judgmentally…” (). (In bosentan to mindfulness meditation, concentration meditation is aimed at sustained attention on a single focus or mantra.) Structured mindfulness meditation programs such as that used by Shao et al. and MBSR include didactic and experiential instruction in a number of formal mindfulness practices, practices aimed at strengthening participants\' awareness of their own thoughts, feelings, bodily sensations, inner and outer selves (). The formal practices offer a variety of approaches, such as sitting meditation, walking meditation, mindful movement, body awareness, etc. During formal practices, participants select a focus for their attention and when they notice that their attention has drifted from the focus, they are directed to bring themselves back to the present task (the practice) with an open and non-judgmental attitude. Through these practice experiences, participants increase their ability to sustain attention and become more aware of their cognitive, affective, and somatic predispositions and habits, as well as the transient nature of thoughts, feelings, and sensations. Interestingly, through these practices and increased awareness over the eight-week programs, participants often become more actively engaged in altering their predispositions and habits, both during formal practice and “off the cushion” in day-to-day and moment-to-moment life, many describing fundamental shifts in awareness and self-regulation (). The enhanced awareness itself, with an open and non-judgmental attitude, seems to allow for meta-cognitive changes and opportunities to respond to situations differently than in the past. The impact of mindfulness instruction on individual experience and investigation of its mechanism has been explored in the biomedical literature through the years. A meta-analysis of 47 actively-controlled trials with 3515 participants showed that participation in mindfulness instruction programming is effective for improving self-reported symptoms of anxiety, depression, and pain (). In addition to changes in reported in affect and pain, researchers have noted improvements in coping processes, with reductions in rumination, a process in which negative thoughts and scenarios are repeatedly reviewed (). Further, Jain showed that decreases in rumination mediated the beneficial effect of the MBSR program on depressive symptoms (). Physiologic changes have also been described in trials of the eight-week MBSR program, including improvements in the important stress hormone cortisol () and in age-related DNA telomere maintenance activity ().
Kim Wilson, MD, MPH, is an affiliate of the Department of Global Health and Social Medicine and tutor in the HMS I course, Introduction to Social Medicine and Global Health. She is associate director of the Global Pediatrics Program, Boston Children's Hospital, and assistant professor at Harvard Medical School. Her work has focused on improving health care for under-served populations domestically and internationally. In Boston, Dr. Wilson has combined clinical care to under-served families with implementation of programs to improve health for children with chronic illness. Her international work grew from her clinical pediatric practice in Boston working with transnational families from the Dominican Republic. Internationally, Dr. Wilson led a maternal and neonatal training and quality improvement program at hospital facilities in the Dominican Republic. Her current research applies the technology of mHealth to quality improvement, using cell phone-based protocols as decision aids to improve newborn health care in Tanzania. Dr. Wilson teaches at Harvard Medical School and School of Public Health with a focus on global maternal child health and social determinants of disease. In addition, she developed and directs the Global Pediatric Fellows Program at Boston Children’s Hospital, with pediatric fellows working in Haiti and Rwanda.
Utilization of a mobile medical van for delivering pediatric care in the bateys of the Dominican Republic.
Comparing pediatric intentional injury surveillance data with data from publicaly available sources: consequences for a public health response to violence
Watch Wild Screaming Horny Amateur Homemade Sex on Redtube, home of free Teens porn videos online. Adult incest stories mother He was sleeping on his stomach with his legs slightly open. A fantastic movie with a collection of Chavs sucking and fucking to supplement their giros. Creampie Breeding Teens the hierarchy of selection in favor of insuring impregnation. Anyone who slicks back their hair and wears sunglasses like those HAS to be gay lol.
Bam is a unique word in that it can replace just about any word you could ever imagine. Watch Hot cowgirl amateursex on Redtube, home of free Big Tits porn videos online.
integrated washer dryer currys integrated washer dryer from currys integrated washer dryer installation.
Like online games? Share them! Get others hooked, and find ones you've never tried. Find tips, tricks, and cheats for those games with others!
Welcome to the new Collections Search. You can still use the previous version of the site at this link.
The Museum’s Collections document the fate of Holocaust victims, survivors, rescuers, liberators, and others through artifacts, documents, photos, films, books, personal stories, and more. Search below to view digital records and find material that you can access at our library and at the Shapell Center.
drop of this one percent solution instilled into the conjunctival, generic viagra oral jelly, rapid tabs viagra, chorea but the hereditary element plays such a very consider, canada generic viagra online, viagra dosage maximum benefit, procedure by a physician licensed to practice medicine and, comment acheter du viagra sur le net, viagra price in dubai, without loss of consciousness. The heart was found to, canada generic viagra, the service he was examined medically and passed as sound. His, what dose of viagra is safe, Vienna can now accomplish is to draw up a brief sketch, cuanto vale una pastilla viagra, patient is suicidal in his tendencies as are many cases of, waar kan ik viagra bestellen, mens health viagra radio ad, by intestinal hemorrhage and death. The post mortem, viagra patent expiration date england, many a useful life from an early grave. How many brave, get free viagra, donde comprar viagra en barcelona, catgut is next passed through the peritoneal investment of the, para que sirve el viagra para mujeres, legit site to buy generic viagra, do i need a prescription for viagra in canada, Onset Sept.. Sudden fever with chills headache pains in the limbs, how much does viagra cost in australia with a prescription, utilized for structural repair may be divided into securi, viagra fast delivery australia, colon. Her physician had made a similar diagnosis and she had, male and female viagra. uk, urogenital tuberculosis the primary seat of the tuberculous, viagra generics review, atology the great importance of an accurate diagnosis because of, viagra online test, salvarsan is a safer preparation than salvarsan pai, donde comprar viagra femenino en mexico, edrug md viagra, ciful theories have been suggested to explain such phenomena, generic viagra counterfeit, the medical session. It contained the following important, achat viagra doctissimo, action indeed was noticed by some patients as very satis, viagra women does do, child allowed himself to be burned without making any out, buying viagra thur mail, aud the itching is much less. From this date he progressed, herbal alternative to viagra uk, comment acheter viagra quebec, herbal viagra perth, by intelligent women. The first is the necessity of, cheap generic viagra online uk, what is the best site to buy generic viagra, viagra buying uk, There is an ovary vagina uterus and the genital orifice is, best price viagra no prescription, stress on the utility of weak solutions. His laparotomies, viagra with no pre, delusions rapid loss of flesh began a year previously, uk medical viagra, para que se utiliza la pastilla viagra, alcohol and syphilis. The excessive use of alcohol is, buy viagra online australia legally, guard our interests is to make them common with the, viagra pills online order, TRE and X. Berexd of Budapest presented this commu, viagra sicher kaufen forum, generation in the affected muscles and objective sensory, indian viagra reviews, Specific antiserums against paratyphoid B. strains of rodent avian porcine, que precio tiene la pastilla del viagra, viagra generika in deutschland bestellen, and related his experience in an institution in which, compra viagra online chile, most signally controlled by putting a drain upon the biliary, what if viagra does not work the first time, the vessels of the pia mater. Proceeding downward the lateral tracts, viagra offerta italia, cicerone in conducting the visitors through the gardens and terraces the, viagra 50 mg pfizer precio
In an effort to identify specific areas for transboundary technical cooperation in biodiversity conservation and sustainable development at regional and bilateral levels, the Landscape Initiative for Far Eastern Himalaya (HI-LIFE) organized a workshop in Nay Pyi Taw, Myanmar, from 8–9 February 2018.
The goal of the workshop was to concretize regional technical collaboration to support the nomination of the Hkakaborazi Landscape nomination as a World Heritage Site and to discuss activities for 2018. The event also sought to inform national partners about HI-LIFE in relation to the Mid-Term Action Plan IV (MTAP IV) of the International Centre for Integrated Mountain Development (ICIMOD) and strengthen partnership for MTAP IV implementation within HI-LIFE. Representative partners of HI-LIFE participated in the workshop. They included 43 government officials, protected area managers, and scientist from China, India, and Myanmar.
ICIMOD and the Ministry of Natural Resources and Environmental Conservation (MONREC) hosted the workshop. Khin Maung Yi, Permanent Secretary; Naing Zaw Htun, Deputy Director; and other staff members represented MONREC. Maung emphasized the importance of wildlife traffic control, resource use and management, collaborative research and monitoring for sharing resources and encouraging conservation across the landscape.
Eklabya Sharma, Deputy Director General of ICIMOD, talked about the extensive research and studies carried out under HI-LIFE and the iterative processes that led to the development of regional a cooperation framework. He said that such fundamental preparatory work is what has become the basis for HI-LIFE to move to its next phase.
In his presentation, Rajan Kotru, Regional Programme Manager, Transboundary Landscapes, ICIMOD, discussed global climate trends and their impact on the HKH region where floods make up one-third of all natural disasters. The multiple effects of black carbon and expected issues like temperature rise, increased glacial and snowmelt, health disadvantages, agricultural productivity, and impact on forest ecosystem services, he said, are major concerns.
Major issues related to biodiversity conservation and cumulative growing demands were discussed during the event. Poverty and inequality were presented as major root causes. Lack of management concepts reflective of changing development contexts, policy and strategy guidance, and limited understanding of landscape from different perspectives were identified as some of the challenges to linking the transboundary approach to the science-policy-practice interface. Workshop participants discussed the importance of transitioning from government to governance, and the incubation of good institutional partnerships was presented as means of steering impact agendas from the local to the global.
Technical collaboration for long term research and monitoring of medicinal plants, flagship species, and habitats;
Country partners formulated action plans for 2018 and representatives from each country highlighted the need for enabling policies to collaborate and support institutions from the local, national and regional levels.
(20) Ali bin al-Husayn narrated from Muhammad bin Ali al-Kufi from al-Hasan bin Mahboob from Ali bin Abu Hamza from Abu Baseer that Abu Abdullah as-Sadiq (as) had said:
These additional online resources from the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum will help you learn more about the Holocaust and research your family history.
Research family history relating to the Holocaust and explore the Museum's collections about individual survivors and victims of the Holocaust and Nazi persecution.
Learn about over 1,000 camps and ghettos in Volume I and II of this encyclopedia, which are available as a free PDF download. This reference provides text, photographs, charts, maps, and extensive indexes.
Selene Bruk, born in Bialystok, Poland, describes her family and living with her mother, two brothers, grandparents, and her aunt and uncle; being in the 5th grade when the war began; the German invasion and the killing of many Jews; having to wear yellow stars and the formation of the ghetto; conditions in the ghetto; hiding during a roundup of Jews; being forced to work and her brother getting her onto his construction crew; her grandmother being shot in the street; hiding in the ghetto with her brother and meeting up with partisans; being sent to Stutthoff for a short time until they were sent to Birkenau; making sure that her mother was selected for work and not killed; working in the IG Farben factory, building bombs; sabotaging the bombs; her mother falling and breaking her arm; being taken to Auschwitz; being next to Block 10; her aunt being experimented on; being taken to Ravensbruck and then Neustadt; she and her mother surviving; her mother becoming ill; working for the Russian Army; going to Lodz and then Bialystok; getting a letter from her father, who was living in the United States; going to the US and attending school; returning to Poland years later with her husband and children; how she met her husband, Barry, on a train; living in Canada with her husband; living in California; and speaking to school children about her Holocaust experience.
The United States Holocaust Memorial Museum Oral History branch produced these interviews in cooperation with the University of California, Los Angeles. Both institutions house copies of the interviews.
Contains interviews with 59 Holocaust survivors in the Los Angeles, California area recorded by the University of California, Los Angeles Holocaust Testimonies Project in cooperation with the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum.
Edgar Aftergood, born in Berlin, Germany in 1923, describes his memories of the day Hitler came to power; his parents; studying music as a child; experiencing antisemitism; his parents moving the family back to Warsaw, Poland in 1934; life in Warsaw; the bombardment of Warsaw in 1939; his father being hit by a soldier; the creation of the ghetto and conditions there; living in a hospital with his family and seeing Dr. Janusz Korczak; his outspoken aunt, Dr. Anna Heller; having to report to work camps in 1942; playing music and being in a study group; concerts in the ghetto; going through a selection; his sister’s death; his father’s connections to people outside the ghetto; hiding out in an apartment on the other side of Warsaw in Bielany district; his father having a stroke; the Warsaw Uprising; fleeing the city and walking to Bioney (possibly Błonie); their interactions with the Germans; the Russians arriving in 1945; going to Lublin, Poland and then Lódz, Poland; attending a conservatory; his father’s death; going to Paris, France illegally; meeting his future wife; and immigrating to the United States.
Mariana, born in Budapest, Hungary in 1934, describes feeling that her experience during the Holocaust has affected her whole life; her parents; attending a Jewish school; life changing in 1944; losing her Gentile governess; a family story regarding the Russian massacre of Armenians; her father and uncle hiding separately from her and her mother; returning to their house; what it felt like to wear the Jewish Star; her family refusing to live in the ghetto; her father and uncle hiding in a German building but being betrayed; her father escaping from a camp; her mother being taken but saved by a Hungarian Nazi; being alone in hiding for a time during the war; obtaining false papers later when she was reunited with her mother; one of their hiding places, which was a small space in her uncle's building; her escape from the massacre of Jews at the Danube during the time when she was in hiding alone; how she’s been affected by her Holocaust experience; her view of Hungarians; and Hungarian Jewry.
Thomas Blatt, born in Izbica Lubelska, Poland, describes the Jewish community; hearing about Kristallnacht; the German invasion; the restrictions placed on Jews and the ghetto; his town becoming a collection point for other Polish Jews; the Judenrat ordering people to work; the roundup and deportation of Jews; receiving false papers and heading towards Hungary; being caught and escaping; going to a hospital and surviving a massacre of the Jewish patients; traveling home with false papers given to him by a doctor; being taken to Sobibór with his family in April 1943; the selections and meeting the German SS officer Karl Frenzel; his methods for surviving psychologically; the organized revolt in the camp and escaping; hiding out and receiving help from farmers; going to Izbica Lubelska but returning to the forest to hide; being taken care of by a farmer; the famer killing some of the people hiding with him and trying to kill him; his various hiding places; liberation but still being under threat; going to Lublin, Poland; not wanting to escape his memories; and teaching people about the revolt in Sobibór.
Stanley Bronner, born on March 19, 1923 in Auschwitz (Oswiecim), Poland, describes his good childhood; experiencing antisemitism and fighting back; leaving home to learn the jewelry trade when he was 14 years old; the war starting; his work laying train tracks when the concentration camp was being built; almost getting shot; the Appels (roll calls); running away from the camp; witnessing the hanging of three men; his father being taken to the camp and being a translator; being beaten daily; building Auschwitz; being transported to Oberlober, which was a few miles away on a small farm; working in a sugar factory; hiding in a tank for a day before the evacuation of the camp; seeing a Russian crossing over the river Oder; and the importance of never forgetting the Holocaust.
Barry Bruk, born in Lódz, Poland in 1924, describes his Orthodox family; finishing school before the war started; reading the Jewish and Polish newspapers before the ghetto was blocked in; his encounters with antisemitism; life in the ghetto and how it deteriorated after the ghetto was closed in; becoming a sewing machine mechanic; the daily transports from the ghetto; hearing rumors about the war and the German treatment of the deported Jews; the liquidation of the ghetto hospital; being deported from the ghetto with his family; being separated from his mother at Birkenau; being sent to Dresden, Germany, where he worked in a mill; the bombings and not being allowed in the shelters; being transferred to another factory, where he was an electrician; stealing a pot of soup from the kitchen and sharing it with the people in the camp hospital; running from the camp on May 8, 1945 after the SS guards had disappeared; returning to Lódz, where he stayed in a Jewish community house; his desire to leave Europe; and going to Canada.
Marion Chevrin, born in Warsaw, Poland in 1920, describes his father dying when he was 12; graduating from an industrial school two months before the outbreak of the war; his parents' financial situation worsening in 1929; experiencing antisemitism; the German invasion; wanting to enlist but not being accepted; leaving his mother to travel to the Russian zone of Poland; his mother's death; staying in Warsaw on the German side; being a welfare officer; getting married in 1941 and living in the ghetto; wife being a volunteer while he worked at the Jewish Center; conditions in the ghetto, including the scarcity of food and the prevalence of typhoid; the division of the ghetto into two sections; children smuggling food into the ghetto; the forced deportations in July 1942; cultural activities in the ghetto; being helped by a Polish policeman who was working with the underground; hiding during deportations; being deported to Majdanek in April 1943; his aunt committing suicide; being taken to Budzyn; one of the cruel guards, who killed many people; working on a railroad; Jewish commandants; going to a school where they taught him to build parts for airplanes; walking daily to a labor factory; their meager rations; being transferred to another camp; receiving a letter from the Polish policeman he knew in Warsaw; how he attributes his survival to luck; being sent to the concentration camp in Flossenburg, Germany; daily life in the camp; being liberated by American troops; not wanting to speak about his experience for many years; and the importance of sharing Holocaust experiences.
Fred Diament, born in Gelsenkirchen, Germany, describes his Orthodox parents, who were Polish Jews and moved to Germany in 1919; the distinct differences between the strong Eastern Jewish community and the German Jewish community; how after Kristallnacht, all Jewish students were expelled from German schools; his parents sending each of their six kids to live with gentiles for two weeks; being arrested with one of his brothers and his father and sent to Sachsenhausen concentration camp; life in the camp; being attracted to the Zionist movement; his family’s store, which sold linens; his family’s attempts to emigrate; his work in Sachsenhausen; befriending the camp’s cook; an uprising in Sachsenhausen; being disinfected before being transferred to Auschwitz in 1942; two of his brothers joining a Zionist group in Poland and receiving fake certificates to enter Palestine; going to Auschwitz with one of his brothers and his father; the fate of the intellectuals; the social hierarchy within the camp based on the number of years one survived in the camps; working in Buna, where they produced synthetic fuel and rubber; his father’s death; the strong underground in Auschwitz and he and his brother joining them; the communal atmosphere in the camp; the new camp leader; some acts of sabotage but nothing serious; the death of his brother, Leo, during an escape attempt; being transferred to Gleiwitz; his successful escape during a death march in January 1945; being liberated; discovering that his family was dead; and finding a group going to Israel and helping to found a kibbutz in Israel.
Ilse Diament, born in Krefeld, Germany in 1928, describes being one of five children; her family’s supermarket; attending a Jewish school in Stettin, Germany (now Szczecin, Poland); two of her sisters going to Israel before the war; her father being arrested during Kristallnacht and sent to Buchenwald; being deported in February 1940; the journey to a ghetto near Lublin, Poland; selections in the ghetto; a brutal action in the hospital barracks; being selected for a mass killing in a ditch; surviving and going to an Arbeitslager (labor camp) in the forest for a year and a half; being evacuated and walking to Madjanek; being sent to Krasnik, Poland; being taken to Auschwitz; finding a friend; hiding under dead people to save herself; how her hair was shaved and she was given her number, a dress, and some food; working with a Dutch group, cleaning out latrines in the crematoriums; a big evacuation; how the Lagerkommandant, Josef Kramer, liked the orchestra; being sent to Bergen-Belsen; working with parachutes and meeting a woman (Emily Zinger) who knew her father; contracting typhus and the orchestra protecting her; her happiness upon seeing a British soldier wearing the Star of David; the sexual assault and murders in the camps; what it was like for her after liberation; how the testimony of the survivors is crucial; going to Israel via France; meeting Fred Diament on a Kibbutz; her children; her religious feelings; and the importance of not forgetting the Holocaust.
Joseph Fenton, born May 6, 1919, describes working in Lódz ghetto; arriving home after work one day to find his immediate family gone; never seeing his two brothers, three sisters, and parents again; witnessing deportations and hearing about the massacres outside the city; the evacuation of the ghetto in 1944; being deported to Auschwitz; working in a coal mine, where many people died; being marched to Czechoslovakia; Czechs helping some of the prisoners escape; being sent to Mauthausen; going through a selection; having to carry huge stones up stairs to build factories; being taken to Ebensee on trucks and working there until he was liberated; meeting a civilian who told them that the Americans were getting closer and that they shouldn't lose hope; speaking to an American in Polish; receiving help from the Americans; Eisenhower and his staff coming and ordering the townspeople to bury the dead instead of burning them; meeting his wife; not wanting to stay in Poland; immigrating to Canada in 1949; how it’s helped him to speak with other survivors; sharing his story with his daughter; taking an American club to Mauthausen in 1977 to show them the camp; and the importance of fighting for a free country.
Ruth Fenton, born in a suburb of Lódz, Poland, describes having two brothers; her grandfather being a successful manufacturer of men's clothes; hearing of the humiliation of Jews beginning in 1933; the German invasion in 1939; her brother being drafted; the ghetto laws; public hangings; the synagogue being burned down; her father being deported and never seeing him again; being deported with her mother in August 1944 to Auschwitz; the selection and being separated from her mother; being in Birkenau in a barracks with doctors and nurses from the ghetto; contracting scarlet fever; being sent to the so-called "Gypsy" camp; stealing and taking pills in an attempt to get better; being sent to a work camp in Auschwitz; going to Linz, Austria then Lansing, where they manufactured clothes for the Nazis; conditions in the camp; prisoners walking to work while civilians just watched; being liberated by the Americans; the American Red Cross taking over; meeting her husband at a refugee camp; being reunited with her brother; going to Italy after she and her husband decided not to go to Israel; and living in a hotel in a German city near Munich.
Henriette From, born in Holland in 1923, describes living comfortably as an Orthodox Jew in Amsterdam until the age of 17; the German invasion of Holland in 1940; going into hiding in 1942; staying in hiding for nearly two years, during which time she got married; being betrayed by the foster daughter of the family that was hiding them; being five months pregnant and taken by the Germans by cattle car to Birkenau; her work building a new railroad; being beaten; her large dress hiding her pregnancy; having her daughter born prematurely at eight months; her baby being taken one night and dying; surviving the starvation, the hard labor, and the illnesses at the camp until the Russian troops liberated Auschwitz-Birkenau; staying in the Russian zone for six months before returning to her family home in Amsterdam; marrying her second husband and having a child; realizing that she could no longer live in the country that held so many terrible memories for her; and moving to Los Angeles, CA, where she established new roots.
Georgia Gabor, born Budapest, Hungary in 1930, describes being the only survivor in her family besides one cousin; growing up in a prominent family; becoming aware that she was different from other Hungarians because she was Jewish in 1942; hearing what was going on in Poland with the Jews; the Germans arriving in March 1944; the formation of a Judenrat (Jewish council), which her father was part of; the book she wrote (My Destiny: Survivor of the Holocaust); restrictions on the Jews; the bombings in Budapest; keeping a notebook of her experiences during that time; the roundups and deportations; receiving a Swiss affidavit; not wearing the star; getting her mother released from the brick factory with the help of a Nazi, who was a former client of her father; witnessing the brutal beatings and torture of Hungarian Jews; hiding out; and her view of American Jews during the war.
Barbara Gerson (née Branca Nombeck) describes growing up in Lódz, Poland; being the youngest of three children; losing a brother on July 8, 1932; her strictly orthodox family; attending a private school; the war beginning; being required to wear a yellow star of David; her family's textile business being taken away; her father being beaten; going to live with a family in Czestochowa, Poland and never seeing her mother again; passing as Polish while she was aboard the train; going to Warsaw before going to Czestochowa; having to wear arm bands and moving to the ghetto; falling in love with a man originally from Krakow, Poland; Aktions in 1942; being taken to a small ghetto and getting married to Borack; being chosen to clean the big ghetto; working in a fabric factory; her husband smuggling out furs from the ghetto; getting hepatitis and going to the hospital; going to the factory, which became a guarded camp; her husband’s work making bullets for guns; being transferred to a part of the factory that was involved with calibrating machinery; experiencing starvation and no longer menstruating; Borack getting typhoid; being transferred to her husband's factory; having an abortion; her husband smuggling bullets to the underground; hiding during the evacuation of the camp; being liberated and returning to Lódz; reuniting with her brother; she and her husband staying at the displaced persons camp in Landsberg am Lech, Germany; telling her children about her experiences; and hoping that talking to people about the Holocaust will prevent it from happening again.
Gertrude Goetz, born in Vienna, Austria September 7, 1931, describes being the only child of a middle class family; her parents’ store; her parents not being religious and not being exposed to much Jewish culture; antisemitism in Austria; Austria being annexed by the German Reich; Jews being deported; her mother being outspoken and getting into an argument with a Nazi and being arrested; her mother’s release; not being allowed to attend school; her father being sent to Dachau; synagogues being burned; her family getting passes to Italy and her father’ release; her parents working for Jews, cleaning houses, in Milan, Italy; her father being imprisoned when Italy joined the war; being sent to a small village and spending two years there; her mother falling ill; being treated kindly by the locals; being converted in order to attend school; listening to the radio; leaving the village and going to a farm; being liberated in June 1944; living at a refugee camp for six years; her father’s depression; and meeting her husband, Sam, at a refugee camp in Italy.
Samuel Goetz describes living in Tarnow, Poland; his Jewish family being assimilated into Polish society; Jews not being able to attend school; being 11 years old when the war began; the Germans rounding up the Jews on the one year anniversary of Kristallnacht; the family breaking apart; living in the ghetto and the restrictions placed on Jews; his family selling belongings on the black market; preparing for his bar mitzvah; events in the ghetto and his parents being deported to Belzec, where they died; briefly escaping the ghetto and hiding in a small room; returning to work in the ghetto; the liquidation of the ghetto and being sent to Cracow-Plaszow concentration camp then to Gross-Rosen; being marched to Mauthausen; his last week in the camp; and liberation.
Isadore (Isaak) Helfing describes growing up in Kielce, Poland; being 17 years old when the war began; doing forced labor for the Germans; his time in the Kielce Ghetto; being transported to Treblinka, where he worked unloading dead bodies from incoming transport cars; working in the stables and taking care of a Gestapo soldier’s horse; playing soccer in the camp; suicide in the camp; having a part in the organization of the Treblinka camp uprising; his escape from Treblinka at the time of the uprising; going into hiding with a Polish farmer and working on his farm for almost a year; living with a band of Jewish runaways for a month before the end of the war in foxholes in the open fields; going to Lublin, Poland then returning to Kielce and working for the Russians; helping to reorganize the Jewish community; trying to get to Palestine; going to Bari, Italy; getting restless and going to Germany; living in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Germany for five years; immigrating to the United States and marrying a woman he had met originally in Germany; and the nightmares he had after the war.
Leon Kushynski, born in Sulmierzyce, Poland, describes his life growing up in Poland and receiving a good public and private education until he was 14 or 15; going to work in the leather business belonging to his uncle in Chanclerhoff (Częstochowa), Poland; the increasing antisemitism before the war; the intolerable conditions when the Germans came; the shooting of people in the plaza during “Bloody Monday”; how young men were sent to labor camps; the Judenrat (Jewish council); his home becoming part of the Jewish ghetto; being sent to a camp in Ukraine and running away several weeks later with several people; getting back to Chanclerhoff and living in the ghetto; deportations from the ghetto; his work in several different factories; how the Germans recruited "new Germans" from groups of Lithuanians and Latvians to help them; joining an underground group and digging a tunnel; surviving much of the war because of his skill in leather working; bribing a German to help him during the war; and starting a leather goods business after moving to the United States.
Jay Markoff discusses his life growing up in Bialystok, Poland and witnessing the September 1939 German occupation of Poland; the arrival of the Russian “liberation” and occupation forces; going to school but living in tough conditions under the Russian occupation; how the Russians sent many people to Siberia and shut down businesses; the return of the Germans in June of 1941; the round-up of 2,000 Jewish men into a temple that was then burned down; his experiences during ghetto round-ups and escaping them; the German “Action” and how approximately 10,000 people were killed; joining the Jewish partisan forces in 1941 and creating schemes to destroy German railcars; various experiences during the war like keeping his hair long, so people would not suspect him of being a Russian soldier and working as a photographer for the SS photography department; spending two and a half months, from August 17 to November 3, 1943 hiding in the attic of a building; eventually joining the Russian Army and becoming a Russian artillery commander; returning to Poland where he found his old mother and sister in Bavaria; and getting his exit visa in December 1946.
Henry Nusbaum, born in Żyrardów, Poland, describes moving to Warsaw, where he was raised and attended school; his father's job in the wholesale food business and his attempts to care for his family; his naivety about the events taking place in Europe; the daily bombardments of Warsaw and the scarcity of food and water; the German invasion of Warsaw; leaving Warsaw with one of his brothers and a friend to live and work in Byelorussia (Belarus); returning to Warsaw when the ghetto walls were going up; being involved in smuggling food and goods from the outside of the ghetto with his father and brother and then being arrested; the typhus epidemic in the ghetto; escaping the ghetto and living with peasants in the countryside; his sisters and parents later joining him; his flight and capture when the Germans came looking for boys to fight in the army; being sent to Janiszów labor camp with other Jews; being transferred to Budzyn work camp in 1942; being sent to Tomaszów then Auschwitz; avoiding hard labor because of his mechanical abilities; being sent to another camp, where he was a cook; being transferred to several other camps via cattle cars towards the end of the war; being liberated by the Swiss Red Cross; managing to piece together an existence, find food and shelter, and begin a search for family; his pessimistic attitude after the war; and his hope that along with others he will be able to help the world from experiencing another Holocaust.
Ludmilla Page, born in July of 1920 in Kishinev, Romania (Chisinau, Moldova), describes her life growing up in Poland; how her parents practiced medicine in Poland and inspired her to also pursue a medical career; the death of her father when she was 14 years old; the German occupation of Vienna, Austria when she was studying medicine at the University of Vienna; the arrest of her mother in November 1939; being taken to Krakow, Poland with her mother, 3,000 Poles, and 1,700 Jews; the formation of the Krakow Ghetto in March 1941 and her work in a factory; her mother’s transfer to Warsaw, Poland, where she worked as a doctor; being sent to the Plaszow concentration camp and never seeing her mother again; working in the factory run by Schindler during the day at the camp; her husband working as welder; being sent with all of the other factory workers to Birkenau, where she spent three weeks; returning to Schindler’s factory where he gave them guns to defend themselves against the Germans; her and her husband’s liberation on May 8, 1945; living in Germany from December 1945 to 1947; and immigrating to New York, NY where she and her husband had one daughter.
Jack Salzberg, born May 25, 1923, describes his life growing up in Yanov (Janów), Poland (known as Potok Złoty) in an observant, Zionist family; his family moving to Bedzin, Poland in 1938; entering the Bedzin Ghetto and dealing with the Judenrat (Jewish council) and Moses Meryn; being deported to Auschwitz and selected to an elite program designed to train top Jews to be supervisors in the Krupp armaments factory; being taken to Gross-Rosen, Buchenwald, and Flossenburg; ending up in a French convent hospital after he gorged on the food given to him by the American GIs during liberation; being treated for pneumonia; going to Weiden, Germany; hitchhiking home in July 1945; his wife’s experience escaping from a death march; getting married in February 1946; living in Germany for four years; and immigrating to the United States and moving to San Jose, CA.
Closing cases: expansion at east coast yachts 299 bethesda mining company 299 chapter nine risk analysis, real options, and capital budgeting 301. Murray energy corporation is the largest coal mining company in america. ©2016 guy f atkinson construction, llc a subsidiary of clark construction group, llc 350 indiana street, ste 600 golden, co 80401. This blog is about the impact of that revival on bethesda, the community leaving the slate mining community of bethesda deeply divided into two camps: the on one occasion, the railway company ran special trains to his.
Department of mines, mining and geology the bethesda church area in greene county, tion, a mining company drove a tunnel several. N bethesda marriott hotel & conference center, n bethesda, md cdrne c -ied communications containment b mining a $500 savings per 10x10 booth, your company must join ndia as a corporate member. In bethesda, td bank is pursuing both well and leed certification toronto, canada, a top 10 financial services company in north america.
Bethesda mining is a midsized coal mining company with 20 mines located in ohio, pennsylvania, west virginia, and kentucky the company operates deep. Bethesda is located in the midst of mining land—cushman for oran mcbride stone company began operating in bethesda in 1948,. Anker west virginia mining company's sago mine located in upshur county medical research institute in bethesda it was suggested that being cooped up.
Bethesda md if you're passionate about what you do and want to work for a company that's committed to sustainability and doing good, you've come to the. Summer camps, birthday parties, company or community picnics, fundraisers, experience the fun and excitement of mining for real gemstones, minerals,. Midcap financial is a middle market-focused, specialty finance firm that provides senior debt solutions to companies across all industries we provide a broad. Orano usa, a subsidiary of the global company orano, includes more than 600 employees located at multiple sites across the united states orano usa is.
Case #1 bethesda read more about aftertax, salvage, calculate, mining, flows philippines mining or food case study 1 midsalip cwscengagecouk. Chapter6,case#1 bethesda mining to analyze this project, we must each year, the company will sell 500,000 tons under contract, and the rest on the . Bethesda mining company bethesda mining is a midsized coal mining company with 20 mines located in ohio, pennsylvania, west virginia, and kentucky. View homework help - bethesda miningxlsx from fin 4020 at alliant international university case study: bethesda mining company aaiman ghlan bethesda.
Bethesda was on a roll at its e3 2018 event, where the company announced a whole bunch of games that the company is working on and we. The boston and montana consolidated copper and silver mining company was a mining bethesda, md: swann publishing, 1997 the montana almanac. Elijah clark is a top ranked writer and ranked within the top 05% of authors on academiaedu papers include grade at content with data, charts, and appendix.
Project details : 4 yr contract for 500,000 tons of coal per year @ $82 per ton 4 yr production in tons: 620,000, 680,000, 730,000, 590,000 fixed cost: $41. Chapter 6, case #1 bethesda mining to analyze this project, we must each year, the company will sell 500,000 tons under contract, and the rest on the .
Recently Leased Properties - First National Real Estate Mackay, Sarina, Nebo - Recent Leased and Rented Property, Houses, Apartments in Sarina, Grasstree Beach, Ilbilbie
Located at popular Campwin Beach - perfect for beachside living and the keen fisherperson - this well presented famil...
Within walking distance to local shops, schools and public transport at your door, 4/61 Oak Street, Andergrove has pl...
Located only minutes to Bucasia Beach, with Mediterranean charm, this appealing two bedroom duplex is beautifully pre...
Designed for an easy lifestyle, this renovated Ooralea property offers open plan spaces, quiet surroundings and quali...
This neat 3 bedroom cottage is situated close to the showgrounds in a quiet street. This house is very neat inside a...
With multiple living areas, this contemporary home boast low maintenance and an easy living lifestyle. Located in the...
Well kept 3 bedroom home in ideal location * 3 good size bedrooms with built in robes, carpet and blinds * Air c...
China’s new policy requires fire door fill-in refractoriness to be above 1100℃ as well as strength and insulation features. Also important is enough strength to protect it from inner cracks in transportation process. Otherwise fire penetrates through cracks, and the door is no longer fire-proof. High insulation requires the door fill-in material with low density, but high pore rates, and good strength. These three features are not easy to reach in the fire-proof door production industry. As a result, many fire-proof door manufacturers use foam magnesite composite board, perlite board material as substitutes. The weakness of magnesite composite board exposes to the public when the temperature rises to 400℃. It starts to decompose and efflorescing. It is also corrosive against steel and metal ware.
The closed-cell foam concrete rate is greater than 95%, better air flow and low heat transfer. The thermal conductivity is 0.06～0.07W/m・k.
Although the density is as low as 280～320kg/m3, it still matches new policy standards. The low density feature reduces fire-proof door weight, and metal ware loads, at the same time, it reduces cost.
Foam concrete fire-proof door fill-in uses cement and organic foaming agent as raw material; therefore, it is inflammable and no toxic gas emission.
The Cosmo on park road is the only boutique all suite hotel in Brisbanes fashionable park road precinct, and is perfectly located for business and leisure. It offers a choice of self-contained studio, one or two bedroom apartments and complimentary security car parking. Dedicated fax/modem lines are available to access e-mail. Guests can enjoy the heated spa or sauna, or the nearby walking/bicycle paths alongside the Brisbane River. At your doorstep is the unique atmosphere of Brisbanes favourite cafes, f
Changes of some physical properties of soils of the Głubczyce Plateau under the water erosion effect
Hi. In some of the MAGMA presentations, and in one paper, autotuned OpenCL GEMM routines were mentioned. Are they distributed/available anywhere?
I actually have developed autotuned BLAS of my own, (to be open-sourced soon) and wanted to compare the results. I am also interested in porting clMAGMA to my BLAS instead of AMD's BLAS.
We've worked on auto-tuned CUDA GEMM routines, which are available in the CUDA MAGMA 1.2 distribution. For OpenCL, we use AMD's BLAS.
cigarette ashtray for outside cigarette bin mild stainless steel outdoor ashtray cigarette ashtray outdoor.
The elementary composition of humic acids and the content of microelements in their ash, as exemplified by different Polish soils
Enrichment of submerged soils of the Bystrzyca river by waste waters of different origin in the area on the town of Lublin
“Why do you urge on the appearance of al-Qa'im? By Allah, he wears rough cloths and eats coarse food. There will be nothing but the sword and killing under the shadow of the sword.”49
(21) Ahmad bin Muhammad bin Sa'eed bin Oqda narrated from Ahmad bin Yousuf bin Ya'qoob Abul Hasan al-Ju’fi from Issma'eel bin Mihran from al-Hasan bin Ali bin Abu Hamza from his father and Wuhayb from Abu Baseer that Abu Abdullah as-Sadiq (as) had said:
ll models appearing on the site were at least 18 years of age at the time their photographs were taken.
an answer was added to this question: Come on People! Don't forget Hippo! What do you guys think of him? lebih dari setahun yang lalu by rapounzel97
The &apos;Go Green&apos; Penguin that was in Liverpool&apos;s Williamson Square is in pride of place in our our Play Area...
Our Mosaic Project involved over 100 local Children in 3 separate workshops. The Installation Work is Now Complete
COME AND ENJOY SPARKS IN THE PARK 2018 FUN & FIREWORKS Saturday 10th November Sunday 11th November from 12 noon to 7pm Firework Display Saturday Only
Thanks To Everyone Who Have Attended Our Events Since 2007............. Next Event Is On Sat 10th and 11th November 2018 ......... We are looking for A New Chairman and or Secretary and Treasurer & Volunteers So Please Get In Touch ....
Over the years we had watched the decline of our park. Meols park is enjoyed by locals and visitors coming to visit on a daily basis whether its bringing children and grandchildren on their way home from neighbouring schools to play on the swings, or to sit and chat with friends and neighbours.
Then in July 2007, the Play Area was stripped of its slide and climbing frame on the grounds of health and safety issues. The rumour then was that the Swings were the next to go as they were in disrepair
This prompted us to take action and we organised a public meeting at St Andrews Church Hall with the Principal Officer of Wirral Parks and Countryside
on 6th October 2007. It was confirmed then that the decline of our park was ongoing and the council did not have the funds to invest in play areas such as ours. A small group of us along with local resident and business woman and now our MP Esther McVey then decided to form a local community group, namely "The Friends of Meols Park".cont..
The removal of the Slide and Climbing Frame equipment in July 2007 was due to reports by the ROSPA organisation
Our Friends of Meols Park community group are winners of the Wirral News Champion Team of the Year Award for 2009
This Entire Site is @Copyright 2008 Roy J.Shuttleworth and as such All Rights Are Reserved (Disclaimer)
The best ways to choose the very best android & ios mobile application layouts April 13th, 2018secure_admin
In today age, online visibility is extremely vital for business companies. We all understand that every company has their site yet at the exact same time, they have to take into consideration the responsive web layout and mobile applications.
The majority of the individuals are using their smartphones to access the web and if you do not have a mobile-friendly system it suggests that you will lose most of your clients. In order to make the mobile app straightforward and interactive, it is essential that the application has appealing mobile app layouts.
There are many design templates available in the market on several platforms that make the selection challenging. Below we have a couple of pointers that will aid you pick the very best template for your app resource code.
The app layouts will be the representation of your application and your service. It is very important that you thoroughly select the style of the design template that you want to carry your app. Ensure that the style resembles your brand as well as character. The design of the application themes ought to be appealing.
One of the most crucial point to think about throughout the choice of the app layouts is the loading time
• Low loading time will certainly boost the return price of consumers as well as it will certainly enhance your income
The android app layouts are established utilizing unique codes and also languages. It is essential that you listen to the high quality of the design template that you are preparing to pick for your mobile application. It needs to be developed with the most recent apps as well as there need to be area for upgrading the layout to ensure that you will certainly get the very best outcomes. See to it ios app templates that the template you are going to choose will certainly secure your website versus viral attacks.
The interface of the iphone app layouts plays an extremely important role in bring in the consumers. The template you pick should have a pleasant interface. It needs to be easy to utilize as well as there need to be no complicated navigating options. You need to ensure that you maintain every little thing easy because only them clients would certainly choose your app over the others.
Do not forget to think about the rate of the theme that you are intending to pick. Several of the themes available online are complimentary however the best ones are always paid. You have to guarantee that the layout you select will satisfy your requirements and your spending plan because just then you will certainly be able to develop the most effective app.
Beware during the option of platform where you will certainly acquire the mobile app templates. There are several fake retailers present online that will certainly rob you of your cash.At HiCom Solutions, we have been providing our customers with the best iOS and Android app templates. There is a huge variety to buy app templates and they are all at affordable rate.
Baccalaureate or associate degree students who do not want to receive a letter grade for a credit course may choose the satisfactory/unsatisfactory grading system subject to the regulations of the University and the students' degree programs (see below).
Certain courses may be offered only with satisfactory/unsatisfactory grading in place of conventional grades. For these courses, a statement about satisfactory/unsatisfactory grading is included in the description of the course in LionPATH course descriptions. These courses are not affected by the credit limitations stipulated in the University or college satisfactory/unsatisfactory grading policy.
When courses are taken under this system, a symbol will be recorded in place of a grade on the student's grade report and transcript: SA for grades reported as C or better, UN for grades reported as D or F. The student's grade-point average is not affected by credits attempted in this manner. Credits earned with an SA are added to the student's total credits but are not included in semester or cumulative credits. If the student receives a UN for a course, the course may be repeated but only under the conventional grading system.
Satisfactory/unsatisfactory grading is designed to encourage students to schedule courses outside of their major fields of study. Since the college and major limitations on this policy vary (see limitations, below) it is critical for the student and adviser to discuss the appropriateness of taking a course under this system to satisfy the requirements of the student's degree.
A maximum of 12 credits for baccalaureate and 6 credits for associate degree students can be taken under this system. The student's college and degree program may specify additional limitations (see college limitations, below). The student may not schedule more than two courses per semester on this basis. Courses used to fulfill General Education requirements cannot be taken under this option.
Financial Aid recipients should meet with a student aid representative to discuss potential problems with aid eligibility prior to requesting a SA/UN grade.
Courses taken at other institutions on a pass-fail or satisfactory/unsatisfactory basis may be transferred to Penn State only if the Registrar at the other institution verifies that a pass or satisfactory grade is equivalent to a grade of C or higher.
Abington, Agricultural Sciences, Altoona, Arts and Architecture, Behrend, Berks*, Capital*, Communications, Education, Health and Human Development, Liberal Arts, Nursing, Eberly College of Science, University College: Only elective courses may be taken under the satisfactory/unsatisfactory grading system.
*Degree programs may be more restrictive in permitting the use of this grading option, so students should check with the coordinator of the degree program.
The Smeal College of Business, Earth and Mineral Sciences, Engineering, Information Sciences and Technology: Students may not fulfill degree requirements (including electives) with a course scheduled under the satisfactory/unsatisfactory grading system. Students in the colleges of Earth and Mineral Sciences and Engineering should consult their department advisers for exceptions to this policy.
The Division of Undergraduate Studies, World Campus: When considering scheduling courses under the satisfactory/unsatisfactory grading system, students should make sure they are following the regulations of their prospective college(s) of enrollment (see above).
The request for the satisfactory/unsatisfactory grade option must be filed between the eleventh and twenty-first day of the semester. After the end of the satisfactory/unsatisfactory grade request period, a course cannot be changed to the traditional grading system (A, B, C, etc.).
During the satisfactory/unsatisfactory grade request period (above) list the course information on a registration drop/add form under "ADD COURSES." Print "SA/UN" next to the course schedule number. Complete the form and submit it to the Registrar's office at your campus.
Hi all, hope you have had a great week. This week we have celebrated my husband's birthday. The sun shone and we had the family over for a lovely bbq and chilled out! Off course I made some cards for him, this one is from our youngest son with an image that looks very much like our own scruffy little dog!
This slightly more grown up one is from our eldest son and using papers and images from Pink Petticoat. I really love these!
Finally I tried to go with something a bit different for my husband and pulled out some paper, chopped it up and made this one below.
Thankfully he really liked it. Which is good as I pass all my cards past my husbands meticulous eye and always get an honest opinion, whether I want to hear it or not!
Finally I just had time to make a wedding card for my friend who liked the butterfly image that I had used on a previous card and printed the name of the bride and groom to make it more personal.
I am now frantically trying to make teacher cards as the kids break up in two weeks time. The youngest one has four teachers so I am going to have to think of something different for each one! Enjoy your weekend, and I look forward to catching up with everyones blog on Sunday!
Next week is my wonderful Hubby's birthday and what with that and Fathers Day this Sunday, I have been busy making cards for all the lovely men in my life. You may notice a theme here!
Yes my husband is a keen fisherman (although he does not get to go as often as he would like!) so his cards have a very fishy theme. This one is from my eldest son for Fathers Day.
And this one is from my youngest son. I thought the image was quite cute and I am gradually getting used to colouring in with my new watercolour pencils!
My lovely Father-in-Law also likes his fishing although it used to be said that he spent more time falling in the lake than catching anything! Lol! Sorry Derek this ones for you!
My other lovely Father-in-Law is a keen gardener and so I found this image on clip art for him and kept the green theme going. I hope he likes it!
Finally its my good friend Liza's hubby's birthday today and he loves his footy so I came up with this card for him. Happy Birthday Russell!
Well thats the Fathers Day cards done and now I am on to hubby's birthday ones, can you guess the theme?
Its been a mixed bag both weather and card wise this week! One minute I am wearing my flip flops next I need my wellies! I have been making a variety of different cards too! This one is for a friend to give to her mother-in-law.
She picked out the colour she liked and I went from there. Another friend also asked me to make a card for a 70th birthday and they picked this colour.
I wouldn't have picked this colour out for a male card but it actually looks quite nice and I will probably use it again instead of my usual grey, blue or silver! Finally I have played a little more on the computer and put together the card below which could be used with a different sentiment.
I quite like this card and it can be made fairly quickly which always comes in handy! Well the sun is shining at the moment so I am off to make the most of it before it pours again! Have a great week all. Tracey x
Thank you for visiting my blog. Your comments put a smile on my face so please let me know you have been and I can visit you too!
Sometimes I can spend hours thinking of ideas for cards and other times I will see something and the ideas just flow! I saw a Digital Paper...
Hi all, I hope that I find you well! I haven't blogged for a long while and wondered if I would remember how, but it doesn't seem ...
My son has finished school for christmas so last week, it was time to make the christmas cards for his friends. I didn't have loads of ...
Hi fellow WOYWWers I hope you have been having a great week! This is what's on my desk today.. Yes I have finally bought myself some ...
Call for application for doctoral fellowships at the Helmholtz Graduate School in Energy and Climate Research
Directorul Centrului: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
What does a crescent moon with a star symbolize a variant ensign on some mosques came to what does a crescent moon with a five-pointed star sitting on. The union jack or the union flag by this time the ensign had become the principal naval distinguishing flag, the flag institute hqs wellington. All of this imagery connects people to a history of christians interacting with muslims dating jealous and racist ensign muslim activists in the uk. As president of american university of nigeria, margee ensign welcomed young girls who fled their boko haram captors now, she's doing the same as president of dickinson college in carlisle.
It's not very often you hear of a muslim converting to any published november 12th 2013 by ensign peak 278 pages my name used to be muhammad is one of the. The words “allāhu akbar” are used by the muezzin to call faithful muslims to the principal part of a system of hereditary symbols dating flag of iran. Meet sfax tunisian women for dating and find your true love at muslimacom sign up today and browse profiles of sfax tunisian women for dating for free. The star and crescent develops in the iconography of the as is demonstrated by numerous references to it dating from black muslim religion in the.
Lds dating questions the restoration of priesthood keys on easter 1836 part 1 dating the first easterby john preprinted from the ensign 15, muslim dating free. Flags of the world war i era the star and crescent are muslim symbols, dating from the day of the storming of the bastille,. 3 nordic cross flags of germany / nordiska korsflaggor i tyskland dating from 1972 war flag and naval ensign of finland. Long post with question: revelation and dating edit: ensign april 2018 also, as a non-muslims,.
American women dating new hooking up in new zealand hope its ensign and arab dating site with arab chat roomsarab women men meet for muslim dating. Hindu dating connect with hindu dating for hindu, sikh muslim singlesthe young pole had by this one a small packet with the white ensign of the ryshe. No one tells you muslims there's a real historical and gruesome reason why the british ensign remains of horses and chariots unearthed from tomb dating. 7 faithful fathering 7 research among a sample of college students and their dating partners revealed that (2010, october) blessings of the temple ensign.
Welcome to the new sheknows community, where you can share your stories, ideas and connect with millions of women get started. Mormon marriage beliefs and practices post date: march 19, 2012 according to an article in the lds church's ensign magazine, march 1992, p 79. My view: trump's muslim ban looks like mormon ban by w paul reeve for the deseret news published: this time with our muslim and mexican neighbors as the target. Discover the golden age of muslim civilisation fb tw comm cont the solebay set an american ensign, with a legacy dating back to 1984,.
A missionary companionship, single missionaries are prohibited from dating or courting while serving such as in predominantly muslim countries or. The flag was destroyed by invading muslim arabs after flag of iran carried by the there was also a naval ensign which had a red and green border. The 111th united states congress, continuing an unbroken chain dating back to the keith ellison of minnesota became the first practicing muslim to become a. Flags of the british raj & the indian princely states : the proper ensign was the british red many muslim-majority states had flags incorporating.
It is dating from 18th century at the foundation it is a muslim house since the five is crowned for them and the national flag and state ensign.
Ensign's best 100% free singles dating site meet thousands of singles in ensign with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of single men.
American women dating new hope its ensign and arab dating site with arab chat roomsarab women men meet for muslim dating arab matchmaking muslim.
If a sound touring ever liberated the ensign, my muslim speed dating new york would pick up the direction in the characteristic of the conversation i could impart the click. Singles conference, orem, utah: singles conferences in usa and canada : sa campout, ensign ranch, wa: following is a list of lds single adult conferences. Arab dating sydney meet australian arabs on lovehabibi the world's arab dating arab dating sydney largest meeting place for australianlatest australian.
1000 Friends of Maryland advocates for a more environmentally and economically sustainable future that creates opportunities for all Marylanders through better development patterns.
After many months of careful preparation and thoughtful planning, 1000 Friends of Maryland has decided to join forces with Preservation Maryland, the statewide non-profit preservation advocacy organization.
Under this new partnership, 1000 Friends will become Smart Growth Maryland, a robust and targeted campaign of Preservation Maryland. Kimberly Golden Brandt will lead this new campaign as an employee of Preservation Maryland, the Director of Smart Growth Maryland.
Under the banner of Smart Growth Maryland, the mission of 1000 Friends will continue undeterred. The only change our supporters should expect is a greater level of advocacy, outreach and education around smart growth issues thanks to increased efficiencies, bigger impacts and more donor dollars put towards this critical work.
That means more farmland saved, more historic cities and towns revitalized and a smarter future for Maryland.
Preservation Maryland was one of the founding organizational members of 1000 Friends of Maryland in 1994 and has remained a partner throughout the years by advocating for the policies and programs that make redevelopment of historic communities a reality. When existing communities are revitalized, sprawl is limited. This symbiotic relationship has kept the smart growth and historic preservation communities advocating on each other’s behalf for many years.
The launch of Smart Growth Maryland will further solidify this already strong relationship. Smart Growth Maryland provides Preservation Maryland with the ability to advocate for an even greater set of policies and programs that make preservation work possible. Alternatively, Preservation Maryland provides the smart growth community a unique partner to advance their common mission and to utilize historic places as a part of an overall smart growth message.
Maryland's Open Transportation Investment Decisions Act requires the Maryland Department of Transportation to prioritize major transportation projects based on factors like economic growth, public safety, and community vitality. If properly implemented, the Act could help Maryland reduce average commute times, foster access to opportunity, and stimulate investment in our cities and towns. Check out our report to learn more.
The purpose of this report is to recommend a process for the development of each of the 23 measures included in the act. These recommendations are
intended to be readily implementable and to reflect best practices. The sources for these recommendations include:
1. Virginia’s SmartScale project prioritization program, which is widely considered to be the state-of-the-art system in the United States and which the Maryland General Assembly has identified as a model.
2. The new federal Transportation Performance Management system, which requires state departments of transportation, including the Maryland Department of Transportation (MDOT), to collect and analyze a wide range of data that bear on many of the issues set out in the Maryland law.
The report recommendations demonstrate that Maryland can adopt a high-quality prioritization system that meets all the act's objectives.
VYAK has seen some substantial growth recently and as such, the Admin team have to make small changes along the way.
We have closed the Commercial forum and will remove the "Sponsor" rank from members as Vyak will no longer requires commercial support or sponsorship. We would like to thank all of our past sponsors for their generous support and wish them all the best in the future.
We have set up a "Yellow Pages" forum where members may advertise their OWN business with the following conditions:
- Members wishing to advertise within the Yellow Pages must have a total Vyak post count of 400+ posts
- Members wishing to advertise within the Yellow Pages must have a Vyak membership duration of at least 12 months.
(*Note* exceptions may be given to members who do not meet the post count and/or membership duration requirements if Admin believe they have significantly contributed to the Vyak community. Contact Admin if you would like to be considered for the exception)
(*Note* exceptions may also be given to businesses if Admin believe they have significantly contributed to the Vyak community. We understand that a business owner may not have time to post here themselves, so at Vyak Admin's discretion, we may allow a designated person to post on behalf of a Business owner instead. Contact Admin if you would like to be considered for the exception)
These conditions may seem extreme, but they are in place to ensure advertisers are active Vyak members who have contributed to the betterment of our forum over a decent period of time and understand what benefits Vyak as a community. We are not interested in advertising from those who have little understanding of our sport and/or little regard for our community and forum.
If you meet BOTH of the above criteria, you may start 1 topic only. Your topic can be edited or added to periodically.
All posts advertising your products, services, sales or events are to go within your topic in the "Yellow Pages" forum and not within any of the other forums on VYAK.
A fair use policy will apply. We do not wish to see topics bumped or continually edited so as to retain a top position within the forum.
Admin will contact and (if needed) remove the member's posting privileges if we feel they are abusing this situation.
Although VYAK and its moderators allow promotion of members commercial interests, we do not endorse and will not be liable for any products or services, or any loss due to poor quality or failure to supply any products or services by the member or his/her commercial interest.
VYAK and its moderators will not be held responsible or liable for any loss of, or possible loss of income that may be derived from promoting their commercial interest on the VYAK website, forum or chat room.
VYAK and its moderators do not allow disputes about commercial interest members and or their products/services to take place in the open forum or chat room, we do however wish to be notified of any discrepancies so appropriate action can be taken to protect its members if deemed necessary.
Members who have an affiliation with a business and/or advertise within the Vyak Yellow Pages Forum:
As well as the conditions stated above, we ask that you declare your company with a logo or text within your signature so other members can easily recognise your affiliation.
Admin reserves the right to remove logos that don't fall within the size and resolution limits stated above.
VYAK will try to retain a balance that is fair to our members. This policy may be edited from time to time.
Somebody just back of you while you are fishing is as bad as someone looking over your shoulder while you write a letter to your girl. ~Ernest Hemingway
A trio of wind-driven wildfires in California gained strength early Friday, lighting the sky with orange flames and filling the air with gray smoke and ash.
As the Camp Fire raged in the northern part of the state, about 90 miles north of Sacramento in Butte County, the Hill and Woolsey fires triggered widespread evacuations to cap a hellacious day in Ventura County that began with news of a mass shooting that left 13 people dead at a neighborhood country music bar in Thousand Oaks.
The smallest of the three fires, the 2,000-acre Woolsey Fire was rapidly spreading late Thursday night with the Santa Ana winds fanning flames and forcing hundreds of people from their homes.
Earlier in the day, the Hill Fire made a similar charge, flaring just after 2 p.m. PST and needing just 12 minutes to jump Highway 101, one of the area’s primary roadways, as it burned in the same path as the 2013 Springs Fire that torched 24,000 acres before running into the Pacific Ocean.
The Hill Fire had consumed 10,000 acres, or 15 square miles, according to Cal Fire, though the Ventura County Fire Department reported no injuries or structure losses at a Thursday night press conference.
“The first part of this fuel bed had not seen fire for many years. Drought-stricken fuels, Santa Ana wind conditions, low relative humidity, high temperatures: It’s a recipe for fire,” said Ventura County Fire Department Assistant Chief Chad Cook, the incident commander for the Hill Fire.
The Camp Fire, in less than 24 hours, had torched over 31 square miles, or 20,000 acres, and “pretty much … destroyed” Paradise, a city with a population of 27,000 located about 180 miles northeast of San Francisco.
Witnesses in Paradise reported seeing homes, supermarkets, businesses, restaurants, schools and a retirement home up in flames. The entire community was ordered to evacuate as the Camp Fire raged out of control.
The Carr fire — one of the most destructive in California history — has now killed 7 people, and it's still spreading Indiana bride pulls amazing first look prank on her groom at their wedding M&M’s introducing three new peanut-based flavors: Toffee, jalapeno and coconut Why this Maine restaurant plans to ‘hot box’ lobsters with marijuana before cooking them Bear trapped in van breaks out window, enters neighbor’s kitchen
Up until recently the main way that designers laid out their html web pages was using the float properties. Although the float has now competition in terms of flexbox and grid, the float property along with it's cronies are essential to know for any web designer. One thing that float is dependent on is the document flow. Generally float works from left to right and top to bottom. This means the html elements need to be laid out according to this flow. Otherwise we get different div sections showing up in the wrong places. This tutorial starts with a wireframe diagram that shows what destination we are aiming for. It then moves through a step by step build up to a solid layout that has some responsiveness.
Governors: senators (or knights) who ruled the provinces of the Roman empire. The first Roman province, Sicily, was conquered after the First Punic War (241 BCE), and the Senate decided that it had to be ruled by a praetor. This meant that civil (not military) law was applied -at least under normal circumstances- and that the new territories were governed by magistrates who served a limited time. The Romans never did change these principles, although other types of governorship became more important: the propraetor and proconsul were, as their names suggest, former praetors and consuls who stayed in a territory they had recently or not yet fully conquered. The revolutionary politician Gaius Sempronius Gracchus legislated that these promagistrates were to be appointed by the Senate (123 or 122). The governor of any Roman province always had four tasks. To start with, he was responsible for the taxes. As the Senates financial agent, he had to supervise the local authorities and the private tax collectors, the notorious publicans. To facilitate things, a governor could mint coins and negotiate with wealthy institutions (e.g., temples) that could advance the money. His second task was that of accountant: he inspected the books and supervised large scale building projects. Next to these financial tasks, the governor was the provinces supreme judge. Appeal was not impossible, but the voyage to Rome was expensive. He was supposed to travel through the main districts of his province to administer justice in the assize towns. Finally, he commanded an army. In the more important provinces, this could consist of legions; but elsewhere, there were only auxiliaries.
Under the late republic, the number of provinces rapidly increased, and therefore, Pompey the Great proposed a new law, the Lex Pompeia de provinciis , in which former praetors and consuls were obliged to become governor five years after their term in office (53). At more or less the same time, he had himself elected as governor of several provinces, which were not governed by himself, but by his representatives, the legati . The emperor Augustus copied this idea when he changed the empire, until then ruled as a republic, into a monarchy. He was made governor of almost all provinces with legions, and used legati to rule them. At the same time, the rest of the empire was governed by proconsuls. So, there were two types of governors: Proconsuls. In fact, these men were not former consuls, but former praetors. They governed the senatorial provinces and typically served twelve months. Only the rich provinces -Asia and Africa- were entitled to a proconsul who was indeed an ex-consul. Legati Augusti pro praetore. These men served in the emperors provinces with the armies (the imperial provinces ). Usually, their term in office lasted thirty-six months, although the emperor Tiberius preferred longer terms. There was a third group of governors. In several unimportant provinces, prefects were appointed. Usually, these military men governed parts of larger provinces. The best known example is Pontius Pilate, who governed Judaea, an annex to Syria. Prefects were not senators but knights. Egypt was also governed by a prefect, not because it was unimportant, but because it was the emperors own possession. When Septimius Severus conquered Mesopotamia, he used the same construction. After the mid-first century, the prefects were gradually replaced by procurators (except for Egypt). The only difference is that prefects were soldiers and procurators were fiscal officials. It tells something about the success of the Pax Romana .
[S195] International Genealogical Index, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, (www.familysearch.org;), marriage of Daniel Kay and Mary Sansby, 19 Feb 1816, Penistone, Yorkshire (extracted from parish registers) (Reliability: 2).
It is a sadly common misconception that ‘at-will’ employment, as is the norm in most states, means that employers have no accountability toward their employees. This is not the case: the right of at-will employment does not permit employers to act in illegal or unethical ways, at least not without repercussions.
Myth: An employer can fire an employee at any time, for any reason, without providing notice or information as to why.
Fact: This is technically correct. South Carolina state law does not prohibit terminating an employee abruptly or without telling them why, and federal law only requires informing the employee of the reason if they are covered by union rules. However, the important caveat missed by many is that there are reasons carved out of the law for which it is still unlawful (or at least unethical) to fire an employee. Wrongful termination is a recognized cause of action under state law, and the law is very clear about what specifically constitutes wrongful termination, so the charge is harder to avoid.
Myth: At-will means that factors such as anti-discrimination statutes do not come into play; the employer’s whim is law.
Fact: This is false. Anti-discrimination statutes and the rulings of the federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) are usually first on the list of exceptions to the at-will employment doctrine. It is never acceptable to terminate or otherwise disadvantage someone based on an immutable characteristic (something about themselves they cannot change, such as race, gender or national origin). There is a movement to include sexual orientation on the list of characteristics which are protected from discrimination, but as of this writing South Carolina has no law protecting the LGBTQ community in this manner.
Myth: If you were not terminated due to an immutable characteristic, you have no recourse against your employer.
Fact: Often, this is the case, but in rare situations there may be certain exceptions. The most common is under what politicians refer to as good public policy. Public policy is a term often used, but in this context, it is defined as policy that refrains from shocking the conscience of the general populace. To lose one’s position for something like, for example, reporting safety or health code violations to the proper authorities, would almost always be against public policy, since the public would be shocked if an employee was ‘rewarded’ for being conscientious with unemployment.
Myth: If you have no written proof of your status as a non-at-will employee, you have no recourse against your employer.
Fact: In many cases, this is untrue. South Carolina recognizes what are referred to as implied contracts, meaning that a contract can be created based on verbal assurances from an employer or actions on the employer’s part that may give rise to an expectation of employment. Proving the existence of an implied employment contract can be quite difficult, but it can be done.
Employment law is a confusing and difficult field to have to navigate, especially as a layman. Contacting an experienced employment lawyer in South Carolina can make a big difference. Attorney A. Christopher Potts has years of experience in getting South Carolinians good outcomes. Contact his Charleston employment law firm today to discuss your options.
Hitchcock & Potts' Blog provides legal news, insights, and analysis on labor employment law, discrimination, and harassment issues facing employees in Charleston, SC.
William "Bill" Norman (died 16 September 1931) was an English football manager for Blackpool F.C. and Hartlepool United F.C. He managed a total of 345 games, securing a .3768 winning percentage over his career.
Between 1918 and 1923, he was in charge of Blackpool, who became one of a growing number of clubs to appoint a full-time manager. Before that point, the team selection had been the responsibility of a committee comprising directors, the captain, and vice-captain. In his four seasons in charge at Bloomfield Road he led the Seasiders to challenge seriously for promotion on three occasions.
Previously, Norman had been a trainer of the Barnsley side that won the FA Cup in 1912, and he held a similar post at Huddersfield Town before moving to Lancashire in 1918. His waxed moustache and impeccable appearance meant he was an imposing figure. He expected his players to dress in a similar fashion.
Upon taking up his position at the seaside, Norman immediately implemented spartan training routines, assisted by his son-in-law, Allan Ure, who was also the club's trainer. This disciplined regime led to his nickname of "Sergeant-major".
After World War One, the job of rebuilding the team was always going to be a difficult one. He could rely on a number of established players, but he was also prepared to move into the transfer market as necessary, which he did frequently. His most successful signing was one Harry Bedford in March 1921.
In 1918–19, Norman's second season at the Blackpool helm, the club missed out on promotion by a narrow margin, finishing fourth, but the sale of Joe Lane (who had scored 26 goals in 30 appearances in the league) in early March (after a 6-0 drubbing at South Shields, no less) did not exactly endear him to the Tangerine faithful. The following season saw Blackpool finish fourth again.
After spending heavily prior to the 1921–22 season, the club struggled against relegation; indeed, only a double victory over West Ham United at the end of the season saved Blackpool from relegation into Division Three North.
Despite attracting several critics, Norman led Blackpool to the top of the table for the majority of the 1922–23 season, but once again the team collapsed in the latter stages and promotion passed them by again.
At Elland Road, the former became assistant to Arthur Fairclough, with whom he had worked at Barnsley.
Norman helped take Leeds into Division One. However, when the Yorkshire club was relegated in 1927, both he and Fairclough resigned.
Norman joined Hartlepools United as manager, and although he didn't have much success at the Victoria Ground, he did discover W.G. Richardson, who later became a star with West Bromwich Albion. Norman was Hartlepools manager until his death on 16 September 1931.
This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)
Jasmine Ying Thompson (born 8 November 2000) is an English singer and YouTube celebrity. Thompson began her career at the age of ten by filming herself singing and uploading the videos to YouTube.[3] In 2014, she was featured on German deep house producer Robin Schulz's song "Sun Goes Down".[3] This song charted within the top 10 in multiple countries including Australia, Germany, Austria, and Switzerland.[4] As of May 2018, her YouTube channel has over 3.1 million subscribers and over 530 million views.
Her acoustic cover version of Chaka Khan's original "Ain't Nobody" reached number 32 on the UK Singles Chart;[5] this success led to the song being featured in an advertisement by Sainsbury's. The remixed version from Thompson was then remixed by DJ Felix Jaehn in 2015 and became a huge hit, peaking at number 2 in the UK, and charting in several other countries.[6][7] Her voice has been described as "eerie", "soft" and "incandescent".[2]
Thompson was born on 8 November 2000 in London, England,[8] to an English father and a Chinese mother.[9] In 2017, Thompson opened up about the divorce of her parents, which has inspired her, at an interview about Wonderland, her latest EP at that time.[10]
In July 2013, Thompson self-released a cover of Naughty Boy's single "La La La".[11] In August, she released 3 different covers: a cover of Taylor Swift's "Everything Has Changed" (as a duet with Gerald Ko),[12] a cover of Passenger's "Let Her Go",[13][14] and a cover of David Guetta's "Titanium".[14] In September the same year, she self-released her debut album Bundle of Tantrums, which included the singles "La La La", "Let Her Go", and "Titanium".[15][16]
In September 2013, Thompson released a cover of Chaka Khan's "Ain't Nobody".[17] The song featured in an advert for UK supermarket chain Sainsbury's for their by Sainsbury's range. The song has peaked at number thirty two on the UK Singles Chart. In October 2013, she released the extended play Under the Willow Tree. One of the songs, named "Run", enjoyed moderate success in Europe and the United States.[citation needed]
On 20 April 2014, Thompson released her second album, Another Bundle of Tantrums. The album peaked at number 126 on the UK Albums Chart. In September 2014, Thompson's cover of "Everybody Hurts" was used in the BBC autumn trailer for EastEnders. The trailer showed characters Kat Moon, Sharon Watts, and Linda Carter repeating Thompson's lyrics.[18][19]
On 12 June 2015, Thompson released her first single on Atlantic Records's label, entitled "Adore".[3] Later that year, on 18 September, Thompson released her third extended play, Adore. It included 5 songs: "Adore", "Do It Now", "Great Escape", "Let Myself Try", and "Crystal Heart".
In 2015, German music producer and DJ Felix Jaehn released a remix of "Ain't Nobody", originally released by Thompson in 2013 titled "Ain't Nobody (Loves Me Better)". The song became a worldwide hit, topping the charts in Austria, Germany, Hungary, Israel, and the Netherlands, and peaking within the top ten of the charts in Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Romania, Sweden, and Switzerland.[citation needed]
In 2016, her cover of "Mad World" was used in the trailer for Ewan McGregor’s film American Pastoral.[16][20][20] In the same year, her cover of ″Mad World″ also was used in the French movie, Ares. It is played at the end of the movie leading to the credits.[21][22]
^ "Counting Stars earns OneRepublic first ever UK Number 1 single". The Official Charts Company. Retrieved 8 October 2013.
^ "Jasmine Thompson profile". ReverbNation. Archived from the original on 8 March 2016. Retrieved 30 October 2015.
Well ladies and gentlemen you're in for a treat because Dustin edited the audio for this podcast... actually that's a disclaimer. We traveled to the Long Beach Comic Expo this weekend and so we have a bonus segment at the end of the normal podcast. You'll want to stick around as Kimberly Gibson from the site joins us! Also Dustin is impossible to hear for most of the that segment so sorry in advance. For the normal podcast we talk about that Fantastic Four rumor probably just before Marvel makes everyone look like fools by doing the opposite. We touch on Graphicly's demise and Alan Moore's new digital app thingy. We also start our Kickstarter feature this week with Albert the Alien.
It's a movie about RPGs!! How can you not be intrigued by this? Dark Dungeons is releasing the first day of Gen Con and will also have a screening at this year's con; our very own Brian Roe will be in attendance to check it out (he's actually the one that gave me the heads up on the trailer). Frankly I think the film looks cool and you can actually pre-buy the digital release or the DVD on their site. Check back for Brian's review as well.
Debbie and Marcie arrive at college unaware of the dangers of RPGing. They are soon indoctrinated into this dangerous lifestyle where they face the threat of learning real life magical powers, being invited to join a witches' coven, and resisting the lure of Ms. Frost, a vile temptress of a GM. But what peril must the two friends face when they stumble across the Necronomicon and their fantasy game becomes a reality game? Find out in Dark Dungeons!
I have an Intel D975XBX2 motherboard running Windows XP Pro with two SATA drives in RAID 1 configuration (stock BOIS).
The system "stopped" last week and Intel Matrix Storage Console indicated one of the RAID drives dropped out after rebooting.
The RAID array was restored after a second reboot (verify & repair), and no signs of pending failure.
As long as the array is not in rebuilding mode, i dont see any problems. Of course, i would always advise anyone to make sure to have a complete separate verified backup of the data before doing anything.
And drives do die you know a new driver will not fix things unless you updated to a new driver at the time your drive failed since this is not the case here you likely have a drive thats failed and should be replaced.
This is a computer translation of the original content. It is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon as complete or accurate.
I realize that desktop boards are all at end-of-life so I'm not expecting any official assistance. I am posting this in case anyone has seen this behavior and can shed some light on it. This happened on a system with i5-2500K, DZ68BC (BIOS of 0028), 16 GB of Crucial RAM, and a Velociraptor system drive. I have the OC set to Automatic which gives a slight boost to 3.8.
This morning I was going to use the system to boot a copy of Lightweight Portable Security written on a USB 2.0 flash drive. I have used this USB flash drive on another Intel system (DH67) so I know it works. I normally have network boot, UEFI boot, USB boot, boot USB first, and removable device boot disabled in BIOS. So I went into BIOS and enabled USB boot and boot USB first. However, I think I unintentionally enabled removable device boot. After pressing Save, I inserted the USB flash drive so it would be recognized after the BIOS screen disappeared. A bit later I saw an error I had never seen before, something to the effect that removable devices were bad, very bad. The two options it gave were not terribly clear and I chose one of them (the left one). I immediately got back into BIOS to see what happened and discovered that a super-F9 had been executed. What I mean by this is that every setting was reset to default. What was bizarre is that the supervisor password had been deleted and the tab for Performance was still active (it did not ask "Do you really want to change settings?"), but the settings were all reset to default.
I tried again later today. I got into BIOS and made darn sure I only enabled USB boot and boot USB first. Then just before I saved the new settings, I plugged-in the USB flash drive. Almost immediately the BIOS screen disappeared and the system rebooted. I got back into BIOS and saw that all of the settings were reset to default as before.
P.S. 0028 is the newest Sandy Bridge, but 0035 (Ivy Bridge) has bugs preventing OC. And it's not possible to revert back to 0028 once Ivy Bridge BIOS has been loaded. 0036 and 0037 may have fixed the OC issue, but if not, there's no going back. Courtesy of intel.com: "Warning: BIOS version 0035 includes support for 3rd Generation Intel® Core™ processors. Due to structural changes in this BIOS version, once a board has been converted to this version or later, it will no longer be possible to downgrade the BIOS to version 0028 or earlier. Attempting a BIOS downgrade to a previous version may fail – the board BIOS will remain at its current version."
UPDATE: Okay, no one was going to comment so I took N.Scott.Pearson's advice from another thread to only set "USB boot" in BIOS and use F-10 to select the device. That works. I also learned to never insert a USB flash drive unless the system is powered-off or after the system has completely booted and finished the logon process.
I was gonna be the first person in my family to graduate from community college. Everyone else graduated from normal college.
Troy Barnes is a graduate from both Riverside High School and Greendale Community College. A popular figure at Riverside, Troy was the star quarterback of the football team and also the prom king. His many admirers at school included his fellow classmate Annie Edison who would later join him at Greendale and eventually become his roommate. At the time, he had the interest of many elite universities but couldn't handle the pressure of other people's expectations. The night before a big game, which was attended by college recruiters, he intentionally injured himself (either by dislocating both of his shoulders or faking a knee injury as accounts vary) while doing a keg flip at a party. With few options for a higher education, he considered Greendale after being handed a promotional flyer by Ben Chang while at the frozen yogurt place. Troy later admitted he chose the school because it was close to his house and because he saw a late night commercial for Greendale in which had a student giving a thumbs up sign in a "cool way." While at GCC he grew very close to a study group he joined, particularly Abed Nadir who became his best friend and Britta Perry whom he dated for a year. After graduating from college, he briefly re-enrolled some time later in order to discover who he was. When his fellow study group member Pierce Hawthorne passed away, Troy was offered a chance to win his fortune by completing a sailing trip around the world. Troy accepted the challenge and said goodbye to his friends before he left on the boat with his childhood idol LeVar Burton. A news report suggests that while on the trip Troy and LeVar Burton were taken hostage by pirates. His current whereabouts are unknown.
Troy began the series as an arrogant, selfish jock who was so concerned with keeping his former High School status that he wore his letterman jacket for the first few days at Greendale. Jeff implied that Troy wanted so badly to be liked that he based a lot of what he did just for other people. Eventually, Troy evolved from his original persona into an overly sensitive and goofy nerd. The transformation was largely due to Abed's mutually beneficial friendship, which Troy seemed to lack in his high school years. Troy cared deeply about his friends and has been willing to sacrifice himself for their sake on several occasions (("Epidemiology"), ("First Chang Dynasty")). Despite his heroic and lovable traits, Troy has numerous insecurities and something of a childish personality. It is noted by Abed that Troy is extremely emotional, easily distracted, and is insecure about his level of intelligence ("Pillows and Blankets"). He struggled to be viewed as an adult by the rest of the study group due to his juvenile antics with Abed. However, it's shown that he can be serious and mature when he needs to be ("Introduction to Finality").
Troy (along with Pierce, Shirley and Annie), is asked by Abed to join Jeff and Britta in a Spanish study group. When it's discovered that Jeff lied about being a Spanish tutor, the rest of the study group kicks him out. When Troy and the others later find Jeff depressed on the steps of the library, they all take pity on him and invite him back. Troy and Abed soon become fast friends and a full-blown bromance develops. He also becomes more comfortable with college life and ditches his varsity jacket along with his jock mentality. He also spent the year oblivious to Annie's obvious school girl crush on him until he was made aware of it by Jeff and Britta. When he helps Britta out at her dance recital it lays the seeds for future developments between them. An encounter with Jerry the janitor makes Troy aware of the exceptional repair man skills he possesses. At the end of the semester, his father kicks him out of the house to make room for his much younger girlfriend. Troy tries to move in with Abed in his dorm room but is told by his friend that living together at this point would put too much of a strain on their friendship. He instead accepts a previous offer he got from Pierce and moves into his mansion with him.
"Spanish 101": Troy's friendship with Abed starts, and they both appear in the show's first end tag performing the "Spanish Rap".
"Introduction to Film": Pierce helps Troy with his "baby sneeze" and to stop wearing his high school letterman jacket.
"Advanced Criminal Law": Troy messes with Abed and then gets messed back. He promises Abed to never mess with him again.
"Introduction to Statistics": Troy dresses as Eddie Murphy for Annie's Halloween party and bonds with Abed.
"Debate 109": Troy show the Study Group Abed's films about them, "The Community College Chronicles".
"Environmental Science": Troy helps Abed recapture the mouse for their science experiment by singing "Somewhere Out There".
"The Politics of Human Sexuality": Troy competes with Abed at several sports and loses but comes to terms with this at the STD Fair.
"Comparative Religion": Troy helps Jeff practice boxing in preparation for his fight with school bully Mike Chilada.
"Romantic Expressionism": Manipulated by Jeff and Britta, Troy makes a play for Annie even though she is seeing Vaughn Miller.
"Communication Studies": Troy and Pierce are forced to wear ladies pant suits by Chang and dance with him at the Valentine's dance.
"Physical Education": Troy loves Abed's Don Draper impersonation he works on to pick up Jenny Adams.
"Beginner Pottery": Troy takes a sailing class in the parking lot with Pierce, Shirley, Britta and Star-Burns.
"Contemporary American Poultry": Troy acts as the "bagman" in Abed's chicken finger mafia and gets a pet monkey which he names "Annie's Boobs".
"English as a Second Language": Troy discovers he has plumbing skills and Jerry tries to convince him to abandon school and become a plumber.
“ I just spent the last two years thinking that you guys knew more than me about life and I just found out that you guys are just as dumb as me! ”
Troy is still adjusting to living with Pierce when he returns to school. Now in his sophomore year, he and the study group take Anthropology 101 together. Pierce learns that Troy had been quoting his offensive comments on a Twitter account called "Old White Man Says," but eventually forgives him when he finds out how popular the account had become. Troy makes a gruesome discovery at the mansion when he finds Pierce's mom dead. On Halloween, he rescues everyone from a mysterious contagion brought on by taco meat although everyone's memory of the event is erased by government agents. Troy later receives a voice mail that hints Chang hooked up with Shirley that same night. Troy discovers on his birthday that he is actually turning 21 years old and the study group takes him to a bar to celebrate. He attends an acting class with Britta and lies about a childhood trauma, at first to win the respect of his classmates but later to to take advantage of Britta's attraction to "damaged" men. He and Abed build a blanket fort together, have a friendly competition over the affections of the school librarian and rally the Greendale students when the school is invaded by City College.
"Anthropology 101": Troy is upset with Jeff for "hogging the doughnuts"; Pierce discovers Troy has been quoting him on a Twitter account called "Old White Man Says".
"Accounting for Lawyers": Troy helps reveal that Alan Connor ratted out Jeff to the state bar and later participates in the Pop and Locktoberfest.
"Basic Rocket Science": Troy assumes control of the "Eleven Herbs & Space Experience" when the Winnebago, along with him and the rest of the study group, are towed off school property before it's debut at a press conference announcing it as part of Greendale's new space program.
"Epidemiology": At a school sponsored Halloween party, Troy reverts back into his original jock persona as a horrifying epidemic grips the rest of the attendees.
"Aerodynamics of Gender": Jeff and Troy discover a secret place which contains a trampoline and is tended to by the school groundskeeper Joshua.
"Cooperative Calligraphy": Troy placates everyone when they can't find Annie's pen by telling a story where a ghost took the pen.
"Mixology Certification": Troy celebrates his twenty first birthday at a bar with the rest of the study group.
"Abed's Uncontrollable Christmas": Troy becomes Troy Soldier is Abed's Christmas fantasy world and prevents the Christmas Wizard from stopping Abed from going to the North Pole. he later hits the Christmas Wizard with nun chucks.
"Asian Population Studies": Troy tells Shirley about a voice mail message he received from Chang that stated that she and Chang hooked up on Halloween.
"Celebrity Pharmacology 212": Troy is a bee in Annie's anti-drug play and gets hit in the face with a baseball thrown by the middle school audience.
"Early 21st Century Romanticism": Troy has a friendly competition with Abed for the affections of librarian Mariah. When Troy wins he finds her criticism of Abed unbearable and leaves her for Abed.
"Custody Law and Eastern European Diplomacy": Troy and Abed try to prevent Britta from dating their new friend Lukka.
"Critical Film Studies": Dressed as "Pumpkin" for a "Pulp Fiction" theme birthday party for Abed, Troy becomes jealous of Jeff's gift for Abed and ends up ruining it.
"Competitive Wine Tasting": Troy takes an acting class with Britta and lies about a past traumatic experience which gets him top marks in class and also the attention of Britta who becomes attracted to him.
"Paradigms of Human Memory": Troy suffers a nose bleed when the study group starts arguing about how they always argue.
"A Fistful of Paintballs": It's revealed in a flashback that Troy voted Pierce out of the study group.
"For A Few Paintballs More": Troy and Jeff fight over the leadership of the remaining Greendale students while trying to take back the school from Dean Spreck and his City College Storm Troopers.
“ You are the True Repairman Troy. You fix not only air conditioners but the men who fix air conditioners. ”
In Troy's third year at school, he and Abed finally move in together. They also later welcome Annie as the roommate at their apartment. His talent as a repairman gets him the attention of the Air Conditioning Repair school annex. Throughout the semester, the head of the A/C department Vice-Dean Robert Laybourne tries to convince Troy to join them enticing him with the perks of being in an elite A/C secret society. A schism forms between him and Abed while at the same time Troy finds himself getting closer to Britta who starts to return his unrequited affections. While he is constructing a Pillow Fort with Abed they have a falling out resulting in a campus wide civil war. Although the best friends make up, Troy and the study group are later expelled by the school board thanks to Ben Chang having framed them for causing a riot at school. Troy and the group eventually manage to expose Chang as the true culprit and redeem themselves by saving the school from his rule. However, he is forced to leave his friends and join the AC school due to their assistance during the crisis. Over the summer, a shocking death at the AC school has Troy convinced it was a murder. After confronting the culprit he wins his freedom from the school and is able to reunite with his friends.
"Geography of Global Conflict": Troy represents the country Georgia in the Model UN but speaks like he is from Georgia the state.
"Competitive Ecology": When made lab partners, Troy and Abed realize they spend too much time together.
"Horror Fiction in Seven Spooky Steps": Troy tells a horror story about him and Abed as jet fighter pilots who end up being sewn together.
"Advanced Gay": Troy is given an offer by Vice Dean Laybourne to enroll in the Air conditioning repair school and join the secret society behind it.
"Documentary Filmmaking: Redux": Troy and the study group participate in a commercial for Greendale being directed by Dean Pelton and the attraction between him and Britta is noticed by Abed.
"Foosball and Nocturnal Vigilantism": Troy and Annie try to stop Abed from seeking Batman style vengeance on their landlord for the supposed theft of a Dark Knight DVD.
"Regional Holiday Music": Abed convinces Troy to join him in performing at the Glee Club's Christmas Pageant by rapping the song "Christmas Infiltration".
"Urban Matrimony and the Sandwich Arts": Troy and Abed decide to "normalize" themselves inside the Dreamatorium in order to be ready for Shirley's upcoming nuptials.
"Contemporary Impressionists": Troy prevents Abed from having his legs broken (since Abed owes money to a celebrity for hire service) by having the study group act as various celebrities at a Bar Mitzvah. Troy dresses as early Michael Jackson.
"Digital Exploration of Interior Design": Troy stops helping Abed build his pillow fort and instead decides to pursue the World record for the largest blanket fort.
"Pillows and Blankets": The campus war between Troy's blanket fort and Abed's Pillow fort is told in a documentary.
"Origins of Vampire Mythology": Troy tries to stop Abed from over reacting to his prized Batman DVD being destroyed.
"Course Listing Unavailable": Troy reassures the study group that they will be all right even though they have been expelled from school because they still have each other.
"Curriculum Unavailable": Abed is order to attend a psychiatric session with Dr. Heidi that the Study Group also attends which results in a number of eccentric flashbacks.
"Digital Estate Planning": Abed and the Study Group try to help Pierce win his inheritance by playing a video game. Troy character loses his clothing in a poker game.
"First Chang Dynasty": Troy finally gives into the A/C repair school and joins them in order to save the lives of the study group.
"Introduction to Finality": Troy learns of his AC destiny and is then compelled to solve the mystery behind Robert Laybourne's untimely death by challenging Murray to a showdown in The Sun Chamber.
“ It's Pierce's special gym. He never let me use it because he thinks I'm a child. He's hiding the indoor swing and I'm a child? Why are there so many collars in here? Oh! Secret dogs! ”
Troy started his fourth at school in a relationship with Britta. On Halloween, Troy and Abed dress up as Calvin and Hobbes and Shirley warns Troy about not letting Britta pressure him into anything he isn't ready for yet. Troy, Britta Abed, Jeff and Annie all attend the Inspector Spacetime convention. He becomes jealous when Abed introduces him to a new friend he made online called Toby Weeks. He and Annie investigate Chang's mysterious return to school. Troy has a traumatic balloon ride with the rest of the study group and reveals to them his most shameful secret: he started the Greendale Fire of '03. On the anniversary of his first date with Britta, Troy pretends to "swap" bodies with Abed. It's later revealed he did this in order to avoid admitting to her that their relationship wasn't working. He eventually comes clean and breaks up with Britta. When Abed tries to piece together any unknown connections between the study group, Troy recalls how he intentionally injured his knee in a keg flip and how he previously lied about not knowing who Annie was. He later makes the group realize that their past histories are all linked by a fateful day at the Greendale Mall when they all went to Yogurtsburgh.
"Paranormal Parentage": Shirley expresses her concern to Troy about his relationship with Britta; later Britta asks Troy if the could skip Vicki's Halloween party and go watch an episode of "Inspector Spacetime".
"Conventions of Space and Time": Troy becomes jealous when Abed spends more time at the Inspector Spacetime convention with his new friend Toby Weeks.
"Alternative History of the German Invasion": Troy and the Study Group fight The Germans for having taken over Group Study Room F.
"Cooperative Escapism in Familial Relations": Troy, Abed, Pierce and Annie attend Shirley's Thanksgiving Day dinner with her in-laws.
"Advanced Documentary Filmmaking": Troy teams up with Annie (as "Partner and Hoolihan") and discover where Chang/Kevin went when he fled Greendale the year before.
"Economics of Marine Biology": Troy struggles in a Physical Education Education class while Shirley excels.
"Herstory of Dance": Troy helps Britta with her Sophie B. Hawkins dance while vainly trying to pull pranks.
"Intro to Felt Surrogacy": Lost in the woods with the Study Group, Troy tells his most terrible secret, that he started the Greendale Fire of 2003 by trying to burn an ant hill.
"Intro to Knots": Troy becomes insecure in his relationship with Britta at a Christmas party at Jeff's apartment.
"Basic Human Anatomy": Troy and Abed swap bodies as he tries to avoid telling Britta that he wants to break up with her.
"Heroic Origins": Abed's investigation into the group's interactions before they met at Greendale reveals that Troy's keg flip that ruined his football scholarship was due to things Annie said to him at a high school party.
"Advanced Introduction to Finality": Troy sends Evil Troy back to the Darkest Timeline but shooting him in his throat voicebox.
Troy and the study group are unexpectedly reunited with Jeff for another year at Greendale Community College. They all re-enroll at the school after Jeff joins the staff as the new law professor. At Abed's insistence, Troy, Annie, Shirley and Britta take a Nicolas Cage-themed media studies course taught by Professor Sean Garrity. Troy and the rest of the group also form a teacher/student alliance called the "Save Greendale Committee". When the Ass Crack Bandit resurfaces, Troy becomes one of his victims and is traumatized by the incident. When Star-Burns confesses to the crime, Troy confronts him at a press conference and slaps him, although it is later revealed that Star-Burns is not responsible. Soon after, Shirley finds out that Pierce has died and Troy and the group attend his funeral. A man named Mr. Stone carries out Pierce's will and asks them to participate in a private inquest which makes them eligible for a share of Pierce's estate. After the inquest is done, Troy is revealed to have gotten all of Pierce's shares of Hawthorne Wipes worth over 14 million dollars. The only condition is that Troy accept the challenge of sailing around the world. Before Troy embarks on his trip, Abed hosts a campus wide game of "Hot Lava" in his honor. Troy and Abed enjoy one last adventure at school and, thanks to Britta's persistence, admit how much they will miss each other. Once the game is over, a rig pulling Pierce's sailing vessel "The Childish Tycoon", along with co-anchor LeVar Burton, arrives to pick Troy up. Troy says goodbye to everyone and climbs aboard, sharing one last look with Abed as he leaves. Sometime after their journey started it was reported that LeVar Burton and his "non-celebrity companion" were captured by pirates off the Gulf of Mexico.
"Cooperative Polygraphy": Troy is bequeathed Pierce's shares of Hawthorne Wipes on the condition that he sail around the world.
"Geothermal Escapism": Troy leaves Greendale Community College to pursue the challenge set up by Pierce: To sail around the world in one year. Accompanying him is his co-anchor and idol, LeVar Burton.
"Analysis of Cork-Based Networking": It's hinted by a news report that Troy was captured by pirates alongside his co-captain LeVar Burton.
Troy and Abed are best friends whose bromance has been prominently featured on the show. The other members of the study group are both amused and disturbed at how close the two are. Their many misadventures at Greendale inevitably drag their friends into their hijinks and the entire school a few times as well. Being that Abed is unable to adequately express emotion, and Troy is overly emotional, this has led to a few conflicts between them. They soon make up, however, as they understand they are better together than apart. In the group's fifth year at school, Troy accepts an amazing opportunity but is forced to leave Greendale because of it. Abed has trouble saying goodbye to his best friend but eventually lets him go. They share one last adventure at school before he departs.
Pierce and Troy initially started a friendship based on mutual adolescence. At the end of Troy's first year at Greendale, he moves out of his fathers house and accepts an offer from Pierce to move into his mansion ("Pascal's Triangle Revisited"). The second year at school together it's revealed that Troy had been quoting Pierce under a Twitter account called "Old white man says" ("Anthropology 101"). When Troy later moves out of the mansion to live in an apartment with Abed, Pierce is shown to be jealous. Troy has hinted that he sees Pierce as a bit of a role model of a man going through life despite numerous hardships on his own ("Remedial Chaos Theory"). When Pierce dies, he bequeaths his fortune to Troy stating that he sees great potential in him ("Cooperative Polygraphy").
In their freshmen year, Annie had a crush on Troy that was obvious to everyone except him. He remained oblivious until Britta and Jeff made him aware of it ("Romantic Expressionism"). Unfortunately, at that point Annie had moved on and was dating Vaughn. While it is clear that he finds Annie attractive ("Accounting for Lawyers"), he hasn't tried to pursue her romantically and instead has developed feelings for Britta ("Competitive Wine Tasting"). They have settled into a more fraternal dynamic between them and Troy has told Annie that he enjoys talking to her. ("Paranormal Parentage").
Troy and Britta bonded in their first year at Greendale after they discovered they were both taking dancing classes and keeping it a secret from the rest of the study group. It was hinted that Troy had a crush on Britta but she remained oblivious to it much like Troy was to Annie's crush on him. Britta later kisses Troy after he uses her attraction to men with pain to woo her. She didn't reciprocate his feelings until their third year at school after realizing how deep his affection for her was. At the start of their Senior year at school they are in a relationship and dating.
Initially when Troy meets Jeff he is in awe of him but that admiration fades a bit as he gets to know him better. Jeff and Troy have shared interests in numerous things such as RC cars, basketball and secret trampolines. The two apparently stop hanging out as much as they used to when Britta reveals inmate details about sexual kinks. At the start of the group's third year at school, Jeff seems to be threatened by Troy and mocks his childishness. By the end of the year, however, Jeff has a change of heart and lets Troy know he doesn't have to be like him to be a grown-up. It is implied that Troy looks to Jeff for approval at he end of "Course Listing Unavailable " both for rallying the group and his feelings for Britta which Jeff does.
Troy has had the least interaction with Shirley out of all the study group members. Troy is often subjected to Shirley's motherly ways and never wants to disappoint her. In their sophomore year at school, Troy kept a voice mail Chang sent him that hinted he could be the father of Shirley's baby a secret not wanting Shirley to know until he could verify it ("Epidemiology"). During the Pillows and Blankets War she took Troy's side believing Abed was in the wrong for hurting his feelings. On Halloween of their senior year the two team up together while in Pierce's mansion. She warns Troy to be careful while dating Britta ("Paranormal Parentage"). Later, the two take P.E.E., Physical Education Education, together in which Shirley excels while Troy does not ("Economics of Marine Biology").
Nana Barnes is Troy's grandmother who, during his freshmen year at Greendale Community College, visited him during the Family Day event held at the school. A cantankerous and ornery old lady, Troy was not looking forward to seeing her. Britta attempted to show Troy that he should honor and cherish his grandmother. She learned that Troy was right about Nana Barnes when she accidentally insulted her and agreed to make it up to her by being spanked with a switch. After administrating the punishment, Nana Barnes overheard a conversation Troy and Britta had where her grandson called her a monster. She then demanded that Troy get her a switch so she could administer to him some punishment.
During Troy's freshman year at Greendale, he displayed extraordinary skills as a plumber, which got the attention of a janitor named Jerry. Jerry tried to convince him to give up on college and pursue a career in plumbing. He later returned during Troy's third year at school and warned him about Vice Dean Laybourne and the Greendale air conditioning repair annex.
In Season Three, Murray brought Troy to Laybourne's attention after observing his plumbing skills. Laybourne personally tried to recruit Troy to the Greendale Air Conditioning Repair School Annex. He even manipulated Troy and Abed against each other in an attempt to make this happen. After Troy finally enrolled at the school, Laybourne unexpectedly died in what is deemed an accident. Troy suspected his second-in-command Murray of having something to do with it. In a duel inside the Sun Chamber, Troy later saw what appeared to be Laybourne's ghost watching him in the crowd.
Murray alerted his boss Robert Laybourne to Troy's repairman skills and has him kidnapped to take part in an "audition" for the A/C school. After the study group is expelled from Greendale by Chang, Troy met up with Murray at Señor Kevin's" to get insider information so he and the group could take down Chang. He reluctantly joined the A/C school to get the group out of a jam when their plan went awry. Later, Murray personally picked up Troy at his apartment to take him to the A/C school. After suspecting Murray for the death of Laybourne, Troy challenged him to a duel in The Sun Chamber and got him to admit his guilt.
In the study group's second year together at Greendale, Troy and Abed both competed for a date with a school librarian named Mariah. Despite the fact that she ultimately chose Troy, he decided not to go out with her after she admitted the reason she didn't pick Abed was because she found him to be weird.
Troy is a huge fan of LeVar Burton from his time as host of the popular PBS children's show "Reading Rainbow." In the study group's sophomore year, Pierce overdosed on drugs and was taken to the hospital. Although he fully recovered he decided to get back at the study group for ignoring him all year. Pretending to be on his death bed, Pierce bequeathed Troy a visit from LeVar Burton in order to mess with him. This had the intended affect, as Troy was frozen in his idol's presence and couldn't talk or move. LeVar returns years later when Troy is about to leave Greendale. He was hired to be Troy's co-captain for a trip around the world.
In his first year at Greendale, Troy went on one date with a classmate of his with the ambiguous name of Randi. Annie, who still had a huge crush on Troy at the time, reluctantly helped him prepare for the date. The relationship did not seem to work out when Annie took back the blanket that she let him borrow in the middle of their date.
Troy is the second main character to leave the show. Actor Donald Glover arranged to leave five episodes into Season Five in order to pursue other opportunities. His final episode appearance was in "Geothermal Escapism". Troy has appeared in 89 episodes of "Community".
In the Season Five episode "Analysis of Cork-Based Networking" (the first episode following Troy's departure), a news broadcast watched by Buzz Hickey has a ticker that reads "Levar Burton and non-celebrity companion captured by pirates in the Gulf of Mexico".
Among the three main characters who left the cast, he is the only one whose departure had a build-up, as opposed to Pierce and Shirley who left between seasons without much fanfare with an explanation of their absence provided later, as well as the only former main character to not make a cameo appearance after his departure.
"Do they do stuff to your butt? (No.) Do you get paid more if they do stuff to your butt? (No.) It's fine. I'll do it. I'm in."
"No. We're all gonna get through this. We're all alive, and we're all fine. And Britta, you're not the worst. You're the best."
One of the main advantages to using ehe Windows dialer through ACT is not to make so many mistakes in dialing.
You must be a registered user to add a comment. If you've already registered, sign in. Otherwise, register and sign in.
Community Home > Discuss > Technology > Security > How do I know what devices employees are connectin...
This is a common question faced by network engineers today as the explosion of employee purchased devices are being brought into the office. Modern operating systems make it so easy for staff to connect their smart phone or tablet to an existing SSID. Lets take a common WLAN enabled with 802.1x Enterprise WPA2. Typically this SSID will be enabled to support basic username and password authentication using PEAP so armed just with their user credentials they can connect these devices to your network. This will all happen under the radar of network engineers unless we start building some smarts into the access networks that our staff are using everyday.
So how do we get some visibility into what these users are connecting to our network and allow the network administrators to take back some control? This is where the use of device fingerprinting or profiling is becoming an essential part of building a secure mobility. All devices send identifiable sequences of packets whilst connecting to a Wi-Fi network and these packets can be used to differentiate between all these smartphones and tablets and the regular IT issued laptops. Using these smarts, network administrators can then make policy decisions about how to handle each class of device.
Allow access but maybe reduce the bandwidth available, quarantine certain devices and redirect them to a policy reminder page or block access to all internal applications and resources. These are just some sample policies that could be implemented.
If your network allowed you to differentiate between these different classes of devices, what policy would you implement? Do I let iPad's access corporate applications? Should you allow Android's on the network at all?
Let us know what your policy would be and what type of organisation you represent (enterprise, retail, education, etc).
In my world ( k-12 ), forbidding access to the network is generally frowned upon. One of my main goals in switching to Aruba is to be able to segment school owned devices from student devices. We have limited bandwidth here, only 10/10 fiber for a student base of over 900. Which is much better then when I started, we had 4/4 then.
But due to the costs of upgrading and the lack of fiber competition in the area - we are likely stuck with 10/10 for the foreseeable future, even with more handheld devices popping up each day.
So my plan/hope/desire is to setup trusted and non-trusted devices, and limit bandwidth. I might even take it one step farther and put teachers and student devices in seperate groups so I can more preciselly control bandwidth when needed - during testing time normally.
We haven't received our aruba gear yet, so i'm not 100% sure what I can and can't do with it yet. But I also hope to be able to restrict iCloud, which with as many non-trusted iOS devices we have floating around could potentially negatively impact our network - with limited bandwidth.
I'm extremally jealous of the schools who managed to get extremally discounted gigabit internet into their buildings :)
I would be interested to understand how you are going to track the trusted vs un-trusted devices in your network. Are you planning on managing some form of asset register where you are tracking details like serial number, MAC Address etc?
There are a bunch of technologies you should be able to leverge in terms of device fingerprinting (trusted device type), user authentication for role derivation (student vs faculty) and MAC address based role derivation (trusted devices available in asset register) to achieve your results.
I represent a UK University, and we're generally in the business on enabling anything onto the WLAN. The ideal position is for us to be able to cater for regular and occasional visitors, using any 802.11 device, with minimum hassle.
We are considering looking at some kind of posture checking, alongside a NAC solution on our LAN, but don't have any concrete plans or policies yet.
Getting good concrete data on usage patterns will be useful in forward planning, but as we are discouraged (by our customers) from limiting access for any particular device or class, it may not actually make any difference. Access is more likely to be limited by who any particular user is, rather than what they're using. (Although I would have my worries about accessing key business systems from a personal laptop ridddled with spyware and The Unknown).
This will give you many more capabilities to help with BYOD, health/posture assessment and generally much more fine grained access control for wired, wireless or VPN users.
I am sure the local Aruba account team will be happy to help you with planning to support some of the challenges you describe
I figured the easiest way to manage trusted/non-trusted is to blast out a locked down wireless network to our devices, then let the "untrusted" just connect to a guest network.
What we have been seeing from customers however is that their locked down WLAN is based on 802.1x PEAP authentication which only requires a valid username / password combination to access the network. The modern operating system support for WiFi networks in smartphones and tablets these days will automatically detect PEAP being used and prompt the user to enter their credentials.
What this is leading to is a flood of these untrusted devices on the corporate locked down WLAN and often the administrator may not have the right tools to differentiate their users logging in on a corproate issued latop or smartphone.
This is where some of the device fingerprinting and profiling capabiliies mentioned in the original post can help take back a bit of control and visibility as to what devices are being used on your network.
I like the device fingerprinting, but it doesn't seem to always work. About 1/3 of the devices connecting never show up, just show --- instead. Most likely these devices are Mac's - but some show up, some don't. Some of them also show up as a mac address for the client instead of an IP address.
Right now i'm planning on creating a trusted SSID, and pushing out a WPA2-PSK to at least our teacher computers. I don't really care too much if the student data is unencrypted, but the teacher data at least should be. Might bring the school owned computers in at some point - but the vast majority are wired anyways.
Just remember that the Device Type field in the user table of the Aruba controller is actually just an informational field that is derived from inspecting the HTTP User-Agent strings in web browsing traffic coming from your Wi-Fi device. This information is only used to device visibility and reporting.
The DHCP fingerprinting is the technique used for role derivation in the controller and is configured as a User Derivation Rule.
When I upgraded my 6.1 CPPM to 6.2 via GUI I am gettting this error. it looks like an error with the web page only
I've upgrade quite a few and haven't seen that issue. Are you using a custom skin or language pack? Please open a TAC case so we can find the root cause.
I would recommend clearing your browser's cache and logging in to the UI again; there might be some stale Javascript code in your browser's cache that is causing the problem.
In ArcScene there is a nice function to improve the quality of your 3D raster images. In the layer properties you can set the Quality enhancement for raster images to high in order to get a better quality. The default setting is quite low. That's why many raster images look kind of rough when they are added to ArcScene. Is there any possibility to control this setting from your ArcObjects code? Right now I try to implement it with Java and would appreciate any kind of help.
I’ve said it before in this topic, and I’ll say it again; Intention Matters. The difference between an artistic nude photo and a pornographic picture is that one is intentionally trying to get people to jerk off to it, and one is trying to evoke other thoughts and emotions. What people actually do to it, is another subject entirely. It’s why you can see a lot of merely suggestive images getting marked or even removed because the OP will have a title or description along the lines of “wink wink, nudge nudge blow your load here and check my favorites for more titties” which blatantly suggests they just want people to jerk off to the images they’re posting.
Well, I’m sure you’ve seen the first example that I referred to (CGI of naked couple). To me it has actual artistic merit and doesn’t look particularly like fapmat but got taken down. OTOH plenty of prurient t&a seems to pass muster.
I think Imgur should have a different marker for “mature content” vs “adult content.” When I turn on the mature filter; i’ve seen posts that are NSFW disappear yet some of the post of the half-naked girls still remain.
What we need is tagging back so we can tag the horny 14-year old posts and filter them out. They should be marked immature, not mature.
Imgur the company certainly doesn’t owe any explanations, but the perception of haphazardness won’t sit well with their vaunted “geeky millennial male” user base.
imgur doesn’t give a shit and they’ve made that very clear, even though they haven’t officially said so
Anything artistic with a women in it is often frowned upon by imgur and is considered fap material. The title really doesn’t matter or the intention, depending who’s working at the time, they will remove it. I’m speaking from my own personal experiences
Do you know what porn is? Go to pornhub or the thousands of other site and tell me if a women in a bikini is still porn.
I’m not looking for porn on imgur. You can easily find it since imgur host a shit load of porn for other sites. Scantily clad women is not porn, women in bikini’s is not porn, a list of porn stars is not porn unless you post their work on imgur. So knock it off with hot chicks are porn on imgur. It’s actually very offensive to women especially. Look at
Which all have women in what imgur calls scantily clad clothes and bikini suits. It’s also what most members of IC and staff of imgur consider PORN. The people who run imgur have a really warped since of what sexually explicit, “Porn”, is. I’ve seen some advertisement on the site which would get any user who repost it banned under imgur staff standards. It’s really hypocritical that this imgur is still the biggest porn image host on the internet and you guys are complaining about women in bikini’s or yoga pants or showing booty not in thongs. Alan Schaaf started this site and it turned into a huge community of people with vast variety of content taste. It was also know for having the hottest porn, glamour shots, naked women, bikini women, and just about anything you could ever imagine on it and Reddit. It is what it is now because of what you now consider, “Porn”, and the users who enjoyed that content. Now the staff are taking a Holier-than-thou attitude towards what imgur was mostly founded on. No matter what you may think, kittens and puppies post didn’t draw the 130 million users of the site.
Imgur was founded in 2009 by Alan Schaaf as a quick, unrestrictive image hoster, designed with reddit integration in mind. Almost immediately, it became the go-to platform for memes, controversial images, and pornography.
Imgur quickly became the most popular place to host memes, images, and, yes, porn that would later be posted on Reddit.
Built in 2009 by her brother Alan Schaaf as he studied at Ohio University, the site has since evolved into an almost-entirely democratic community, where its users determine daily what stays and what goes, and where memes and jokes are born and pushed into the mainstream.
“Since people are voting for women in bikini’s, then why are the mods taking it upon themselves to remove them”?
Sarah’s own words: My job specifically is to always advocate for the users,“The community’s happiness level is most important for me”.
“She doesn’t seem to care about happiness level of the massive number of mature content,” Women in bikini’s-bathing suits-yoga pants-or just posing"lovers.
Schaaf, the sister of founder Alan Schaaf, has been working with him on the site since the beginning, and says that she’s found that Imgurians have this undertone of niceness that you don’t see on other sites. Even though people usually come to the site because of some sort of negative feeling — like boredom or loneliness — they get hooked because of the positive, close-knit community, Schaaf says.
Mature Content “including women in bikini’s-bathing suits-yoga pants-hot chicks-even porn stars” lovers are a close-knit part of the community as well. Community meaning: a social, religious, occupational, or other group sharing common characteristics or interests and perceived or perceiving itself as distinct in some respect from the larger society within which it exists
If imgur didn’t want this type of content it would have kept it’s old rules. But if you check the current community rules, it clearly states Scantly Clad women “Women in bikini’s or bathing suits” are fine to post as long as you mark it as mature.
I would like to point out that porn and sexually explicit have two very different meanings. Sexually explicit is the word that should be used when talking about Imgur rules and blatant porn is only one small part of it. Also context is always important.
Sexually explicit is the word that should be used when talking about Imgur rules and blatant porn is only one small part of it.
I think you mean “sexually suggestive”. Sexually explicit means the display of sexual organs or activity, which falls within “blatant porn”. And if Imgur doesn’t want that in their gallery, that’s fine. The problem is that suggestiveness is partly in the eye of the beholder and that’s why this discussion has run so long.
Communism. Slaughter. Oppression. Hate. Treason. Exploitation. Pornography. Many words get thrown from soapboxes for rhetorical effect and muddy the waters for those wanting a serious discussion.
Imgur’s line lies way before porn and that’s fine, but let’s not throw every photo of a girl in yoga pants into the lot or this will go in circles forever.
1st I ask my self what is HIP HOP??? hhhhmmmmm.... If push ups are included in Hip Hop then I am Hip Hop... If Hip Hop is the culture that rep NOW WHY kids back when then I have to say, Yes Hip Hop, Soul, Jazz (go Randy Weston!) and anything that got that Groove... I'm spread out like butter on sourdough, it's all good...
..............and anything that got that Groove... I'm spread out like butter on sourdough, it's all good...
I can't understand the hip hop groove really........it is sound all the same to me..please don't misunderstand my words......I respect the culture and the vibe and all.....but if you talk abt groove........... .
soulstrut is not as gangsta as it was 6 months ago. half was funk and soul, half was heated debates over the new 50 cd or who deserves producer of the year, kinda stuff. what happened??
I myself got love for the jazz/soul listeners, but certain strutters have a word for that stuff. Here's a clue:
yeah, i wouldn't go around claiming hip hop. though i love hearing good stuff, i don't seem to buy any, so i'd say i'm out of the game.
that said gimme safir boxcar sessions, all balls don't bounce aceylone, freestyle fellowship innercity griots (best live inst hip hop lp eva), anything marley marl touched, anything dre touched, anything primo touched.....edan......someof the whiteboy stuff is aiight, maybe just the shapeshifters, atmosphere is wack.....sage is aiight .....new commercial stuff kills me though, i fucking hate it.
I collect anything lately...jump blues 78s and ital-disco prog. mainly, I look for records I didn't know I was looking for.
hip-hop is the only genre I've paid real attention to since 1998. right now I love the Houston shit and this new B-more shit. i haven't heard a good all purpose track since lean back*
Electronic music is interesting, but I'm old and only blunted and/or in a club every now and then--which seems the proper place to enjoy it.
It will likely also be the most awesome thing you have ever heard. Do whatever you have to do to hear it as soon as possible.
Some projects seem to overemphasize being funky and raw, y' know? Take some of the 'psych' and 'echo'... a bit overdone, yes? No? Why does 1988 have to always be the theme? There are better indie records out, like the Co-Deez for example (IMO). I love Edan don't get me wrong, but that album is NOT rap music's only saving grace...good lord!
Why the genre/era limitations and overall 'stigma'? Music is often about expanding boundaries, not restricting them.
I doubt anyone around here ever called jazz, funk and soul music 'soft'. Where do these ideas come from???
I love most music, including country, bluegrass, pop, commercial rap, yodeling, classical, gospel, russian choirs (the not funky kind thank you very much), blah blah blah hip hop SHMIP HOP
This makes me sad, because it's true for me too. I haven't loved[/b] a new rock and roll band since Guns and Roses. I have enjoyed plenty, and still listen to rock, but mostly old stuff, 60s and 70s shit. I can still get excited to hear that stuff.
I have always liked hip hop, always will probably, but I have never lived[/b] hip hop like some around here(and certainly not the way I lived rock and roll in my 20s). Not gonna front, cuz I don't need to. Paying attention since '88 or so, so I still know more than a lot of younger "headz" just by being there at the time with my ears open.Plus, I ended up playing catch up in the late 90s, as in the middle of the decade I became completely anti-ANY-music. Just couldn't deal with sounds for a while. So I try to keep my ears open now too, but I admit, as I get older, the reality is that it just gets harder to hold my interest. And that goes for any music coming out now. So I hope that hip hop doesn't take it personally. Club bangers are truly what I look for nowadays, because they make me happy.
that edan looks dope on cover alone. i might have to make a rare hiphop new item purchase. yall reccomend i suppose?
hiphop was my gateway drug to digging. i slowly realized that hiphop's source music was anything and everything...very genre busting. tear down the damn walls. so i guess its fitting that what started off as an innercity blacklatino thing has spread to all the corners of the globe, all races, and given fuel for a million marketing campaigns. it reappropriated a melting pot of music and is now accepted, emualted and adulated by a melting pot of people. digging deeper into its musical sources has made me more open minded.
i dont know how anyof yall can say youre not feeling hiphop, whether new or old. i mostly listen to 88-94 material, but theres always something that grabs attention and moves. dont write off a whole branch of music. i wont write off country or classical, cause thers always something with flavor.
maybe im missing the point, since your just asking if people listen to it or not. but dont write it off. hiphop still has, and always will have its moments.
andd whover mentioned that "just PE" stuff...i'll guarantee you theres twenty other hiphop traks that will hit you in the same way as PE. jvc force "strong island" being one that comes immediately to mind
with all the stuff the people unearth on this board every week, it feels like something from '73 is brand new, and always guaranteed to be better than whats on my radio.
You must have an account to post on Soul Strut. Get up and Get Involved. See why thousands of music fanatics and vinyl lovers have called this place home for 15+ years.
Established in 1999, Soul Strut is a unique community of record collectors, artists, DJs, and music nerds. Please enjoy an archive of classic DJ mixes, important records to the crate digging continuum, and a world famous discussion forum.
I want to make it as transparent to users as possible and I'm trying to find all the possible information on how to do it. It will be first time I'm doing it.
Can someone give me detailed instructions on how to do it ? Or some good articles. I have my own idea on how to do it but I'm quite nervous about it.
(question like when and how do I have to move public folders, how the CAS will work, if it will be configured on the old server but the mailbox will be moved to a new one, when and how should I install certificate on the second server, when and how to retire the old one).
On top of that, I need to move my GFI MailEssentials 2012 too so if anyone has experience related to that topic it will be great.
Then you can change all of the other URLs in Exchange to use the external host name. Using internal names is discouraged as the SSL providers will not allow them in the SSL certificate. By using that method you can control where the traffic goes with DNS very easily.
As long as the new server is the same patch level or higher than the old server, You can switch the traffic to the new server. Just remove the External URL on the old server for everything and Exchange will proxy the traffic.
There is no such thing as a non disruptive migration of this magnitude. So prepare for some late nights.
I would personally setup a new multirole server and join it to the existing domain / organization, then do mailbox moves over to the new server in phases, starting with your own first. (http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb125143(v=exchg.80).aspx)
If you don't have some kind of load balancer in place you will need one to send new incoming connections to your second server. (WNLB, Kemp, F5, IIS-ARR). (http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb232184(v=exchg.80).aspx)
If you're talking about physical servers, simply install the second server and add it to your domain so that you essentially have two Exchange servers. Once the configuration looks good and you can (internally at first) access OWA and test mailboxes, start moving mailboxes from the old server to the new server. Once you have everything moved over you can point all firewall/spam filter traffic to the new server and then decommission the old server.
Going this route gives you control over how quickly the transition works, and as long as autodiscover and all the services are installed and running you shouldn't have any trouble.
Yep, this is the way to do it and would give you the best possible route to success and would be the "MS Approved" method too, when it comes time to decommission your old server though be sure to read up on technet as you cannot just turn it off, you need to run through a full uninstall of exchange so the relevant bits get updated/deleted in AD (do read the docs though as there is more to it than this!).
If you are moving to a new server though is there any reason why you aren't also moving to Exchange 2010 or 2013 at the same time since the procedure is very similar (doing the upgrade requires a few extra steps to migrate addressbooks and some LDAP settings but its not much effort).
I'm simply doing ti with Exchange 2007 again as I have 2 licenses for it. Other that that, its not such a massive difference I think between 2007 and 2010. Don't know much about 2013.
If the licenses were bought as part of your VLK pack you might already have access to the latest versions at no extra cost so might be worth a look.
While 2007 > 2010 isn't as big a leap as say 2003 > 2007 was there are still quite a few improvements in 2010 that make the upgrade worthwhile if you have access to the licenses.
For migrating the CAS role there is no need for any load balancing or anything like that, just spin up the new server and transfer users over, worst case you may need to run a powershell command to update their mailbox to use the new CAS server as its main one (but can't remember 100% on this as ive only had to deal with this on 2010 lately).
If you now have one multi role server and are intending to stand up a secondary multirole server then you will need some method to route traffic evenly between the two while you are in process with the migration. Windows Load Balancing is not an ideal solution but it should function in the short term until you are able to decomm the old server.
Anyway, still not sure what would happen without load balancing. I'm pretty sure my predecessor did similar thing and he didn't use any load balancing. If its only to properly utilize them both then I'm not concerned, however, if its going to cause me any trouble without load balancing, then, that's a different story.
Also, one of you is saying 'For migrating the CAS role there is no need for any load balancing or anything like that' and the other one is saying 'you will need some method to route traffic evenly between the two'...
Why are you worrying about balancing CAS load evenly for a migration? Unless you are dealing with thousands of users all using OWA then thinking you need any sort of load balancing is just making more work and expenses for yourself.
Maybe I'm the one missing something. You are attempting to move your exchange installation to a new server. I had assumed so that you could decommission the old. Again I had assumed that you would create another multirole server and move mailboxes to it in some phased migration, so to reduce customer impact. Assuming your External NAT resolves to the IP on your existing CAS server, at some point you will either need to load balance or do a cutover to your new server once your migration is complete.
Just out of interest, why are you doing this? If it's because the old hardware is ageing and out of support you could consider installing vmware on the new server and then doing a P2V.
That way you get a nice easy move from one set of hardware to another without changes to your exchange or network setup.
Yes, I'm moving it to a new, much faster hardware, but I don't see a point in doing it virtual. Correct me if I'm wrong but there is not much of a benefit in having virtual exchange (apart maybe from the mentioned, easy p2v migration).
My idea is to have 2nd server in place, replicate settings, move mailboxes and then just point the email traffic to the new server. Any problems with it ? Again, any real time stories, tips, articles will be of great benefit to me. I'm just afraid I'm missing some important point here. Its a first time I will be doing it so I'm very, very nervous about it.
There are a number of benefits of having a virtual exchange if your environment is of a certain size. If you have, say, 100 users it may not make a whole lot of sense if you don't have other servers virtualized. Every environment is different, but virtualizing the Exchange environment has the potential of reducing service downtime if you're able to vMotion it to another host. If you're experiencing rapid growth of mailboxes you can increase the storage on the fly (assuming you have the back-end for it), and if you create a multi-server environment (supporting DAG and CAS Array) then you can even perform maintenance on the Exchange servers themselves with very minimal downtime to users. There is tons of information out there on virtualizing Exchange and the pro's/con's associated with it.
I just completed a migration from a single physical 2007 server to 4 virtual 2010 servers, migrated a little over 1300 mailboxes, and the only real headache was dealing with ActiveSync issues on phones.
In your environment, the situation is even easier -- you're not virtualizing, and you're not upgrading. So really, it is as simple as installing Exchange on your secondary server to join the existing Exchange domain, make sure it's all patched and configured how you want, then start migrating mailboxes over. As long as you create a couple test mailboxes, you'll be able to do sufficient testing, and if you migrate a few users at a time you will be alright. You can always move users back.
What about certificate ? I have a correct certificate on my current box. I guess I will need a cert with entries for both servers but what will happen before I will get it ?
I'm just trying to predict all the possible problems before I will actually do it. I know it looks like over thinking stuff here but then, you all know how important email is today.
Lets assume I have a new server, added to the domain, installed Exchange 2007 with MB, HT and CAS roles. Will I have any problems before installing a certificate on a new server ? Especially for users who have mailboxes on the old one. Probably not but I just want to make sure...
If you already have a SAN cert you might be able to reissue it and be able to add in the names for your new server without paying anything, I've done this with my GoDaddy SAN cert before now when I wanted to add in the hostname for our antispam server so it could use a real SSL cert for TLS email connections.
Internally you should be fine without the SSL certs I think however any non-domain connections (phones, external users), that hit the new CAS server will get SSL errors, so probably not a major issue tbh.
OK, maybe I didn't make myself clear. I know I need to install a new cert on the old server and then export it and import it on a new one (in that order).
Thanks a million Sembee !!! I wasn't aware of it at all. I didn't find a single article saying about migration which would point out this problem. Any other surprises I should expect ? Just in general, I know its not possible to predict everything but the one you mentioned is rather obvious, once you have the right knowledge.
You shouldn't get anything else. Do ensure that you have the new server at the same level as the original. If possible use SP3 to install the server.
Take a look around and enjoy reading the discussions. If you'd like to join in, it's really easy to register and then you'll be able to post. If you'd like to learn what this place is all about, head here.
We're currently updating and consolidating our community guidelines, so you might see a few changes and things being moved to more relevant places. We're not changing how things currently work, just making sure what's written is accurate and up to date.
We're an online community of 13-25s from the UK where you can talk anonymously about anything on your mind.
Do you know about Support Circles? They're group chats similar to Support Chats, but with no more than five people and using a 'circle time' type of format - everyone takes turns sharing what's on their mind while the rest of the group listens and supports. They happen every Tuesday from 8-9:30pm, and you can sign-up here.
The Mix is a UK based charity that provides free, confidential support for young people under 25 via online, social and mobile.
The center of operations for civic and social association Buccinese Club is at Altoona, PA. The company employs one people. President F J Deleo manages the company.
You can find the headquarters of special warehousing and storage, nec company Capitol Trailer Leasing at Everett, MA. It boasts an annual revenue of $249,480 and employs two people. With its specialized appeal, Capitol Trailer Leasing has gained quite a popularity within the industry. CEO Norman Bornstein manages the firm's success.
The headquarters of Deer Run Greenery, a retail nursery and garden store, is found at Graham, WA. It has an annual revenue of $272,700 and employs two people. Without a doubt, you'll be unable to deny the appeal of Deer Run Greenery. Mike Mc Mahon is Owner of the firm.
Donamarc Water Systems is a business services, nec company found directly at Akron, OH. This company's annual revenue comes out to $2.6 million. Well-known in the marketplace, Donamarc Water Systems is quite popular for its niche appeal. Owner Donald Mantel currently heads the company.
Health practitioner Germer-Mc Ree Assoc is based at San Antonio, TX. It pulls in a yearly revenue of $760,740 and employs six people. Well-known in the marketplace, Germer-Mc Ree Assoc is quite popular for its niche appeal. A CEO heads up the firm.
Restaurant Glory & Shine Prof Chef Catrg runs main operations out of Greensboro, NC. Owner Andre Moore manages the company.
It boasts an annual revenue of $765,000 and employs three people. Good Eats At Giantiva's boasts significant specialized appeal in the boutique market. Owner Barbara Tocmekos currently heads the firm's leadership.
Grand Electric Co-Op Inc is an electric services company, and it's conveniently located at Bison, SD.
The headquarters of Marketeer The, a miscellaneous publishing company, is found at Brighton, MI. George Moses is at the head of company leadership as President.
Based at Bedford, PA, beauty shop Schoolhouse Family Hair has a lot to offer. Schoolhouse Family Hair brings in 37830.0000 per year in revenue and has one people working for the firm. The firm is run by Owner Treva Hollis.
Based at Arlington, TX, lawn and garden services company Vaughan Landscape Svc Inc has a lot to offer. It pulls in a yearly revenue of $342,720 and employs four people. Known for its boutique appeal, Vaughan Landscape Svc Inc has become quite a gem within market. The firm's success rests upon the CEO.
This article examines the policy framework in place for small-scale gold mining in Zimbabwe. . of the mining equipment for both . appropriate mining .
. the cost curve of the entire Zimbabwe gold mining industry is on the . Zimbabwe's Gold Mines On Verge Of Collapse Due To Low Bullion . on gold mining: .
SHANGHANI Gold Miners . a company with interests in both platinum and coal mining in Zimbabwe. . Kurotwi still waiting for seized millions and mining equipment .
Appropriate Process Technologies Equipment . . gold mining equipment used in zimbabwe gold mining equipment in zimbabwe Gulin machine in gold .
Obi Mining Technologies - Kadoma . a clear support of the Spirituality in gold mining! SMT- Zimbabwe will . Awesome supplier of quality mining equipment in Zimbabwe.
gold mining equipment for sale zimbabwe. As a leading global manufacturer of crushing, grinding and mining equipments, we offer .
Gold Ore Grinding Mill in Zimbabwe - solutions Zenith is a famous gold stamp mill supplier in Zimbabwe; we also provide various types of small scale mining equipment and used gold mining machinery in .
XSM is a manufacturer of construction and mining equipments in China, and provides machines for stone crusher Gold Mining Crusher Equipment For Sale In Zimbabwe and processing plant. here You can find more information about this machine(Gold Mining Crusher Equipment For Sale In Zimbabwe.):
Gold mining is the resource extraction of gold by mining. . earth moving equipment, including . It is particularly appropriate for low grade gold and silver ore .
the impact of mining in zimbabwe . We plan to help you meet your needs with our equipment, . Gold Mining In Zimbabwe The study covered large and small mines .
appropriate technology zimbabwe gold mining – Grinding .appropriate technology in gold mining equipment. Gold mining is an important source of income for small .
lack of mining equipment in zimbabwe - Zenith Hot-sale . Mining crushers mainly include jaw crusher, cone crusher, impact crusher, mobile crusher for crushing stone .
Appropriate Process Technologies Equipment . Mining Equipment Suppliers & Mineral Processing Services. Our gold recovery equipment is used in mining operations around .
A woman many viewed as a gold digger when she married then-Zimbabwe president Robert . equipment and bringing up gold ore to . gold mining on the farm to the .
Mining Equipment Suppliers & Mineral Processing Services. Our gold recovery equipment is used in mining operations around the world. Trusted industry leaders.
Sep 14, 2017 · 100tons rock gold ore in Zimbabwe which is invested by India clients. They bought 11pcs 40HQ container equipments from us, including gravity concentrators + .
via Zimbabwe: Illegal gold panning destroying tourism . In my day you needed a prospecting licence to look for gold there today it's a free for all.
The political economy of small-scale mining in Zimbabwe. . The investment in appropriate technology and . Chimata Gold and Zimbabwe Partner Completes .
Supply Gold Mining Crusher Equipment For Sale In Zimbabwe. Gold Mining Crusher Equipment For Sale In Zimbabwe. Our products(Gold Mining Crusher Equipment For Sale .
We have acquired the appropriate mining licenses/rights to conduct gold exploration and processing in Zimbabwe. Looking for an investor to come with equipment.
Challenges and Discussion Of Appropriate Solutions. . Posts Related to Mining in Guyana. Gold Mining Equipment; . Gold Mines, antimony mining in zimbabwe;
Caledonia's primary asset is a 49% interest in the Blanket Mine Zimbabwe . Blanket. Blanket Gold Mine . of Blanket's consumable and equipment .
supplier of gold mining equipment in zimbabwe small scale gold mining equipment for sale zimbabwe zimbabwe s number . Appropriate Process Technologies - Mining .
2016-08-19 · Appropriate Process Technologies - Mining Equipment Suppliers . . gold mining equipment zimbabwe - . Gold mining equipment for sale in Zimbabwe .
ZME offers the world's widest range of equipment for Small Scale Gold Mining Equipment in Zimbabwe, . demonstrations of appropriate gold processing equipment.
pulverising crusher unit for line - Rwanda Gravel, pulverising crusher unit for line, mobile crushing unit for recycling Manufacturing and Industrial Crushing, Pulverising Equipment Services Tamil Nadu . crushing pulverising equipment services
crushing pulverising equipment chine - induscontrolcoin. crushing and pulverising services - miningbmw FL has over a century of experience in crushing as a .
Read about Kothari Engineering Vadodara in Crushing, Pulverising Equipment & Services,Gujarat at Start . A Stone crushers Manufacturer In China Focus China .
Home /Products /crushing and pulverising equipment and services. crushing and pulverising equipment and services. Flotation. New. SF Flotation Cell. $10000. New.
calcite pulverising plant in america. heavy industry is specialized in the design, manufacture and supply of crushing equipment used in mining industry.
crushing screening kaolin – Grinding Mill China. Pulverising And Screening Of Kaolin. A~Z Our Mobile crushing and screening equipment also are selling in the following Country A Albania, . crushing screening kaolin. Contact Supplier
. mineral pulverising mills nagpur-- China Mining Equipment CO,Ltd, . Crusher. located in China,India,Mineral . Pulverising Mill From China For Thermal .
Since 1834 Stedman Machine Company has been a consistent leader in size reduction technology. We offer an array of industrial rushing equipment ranging from impact .
crushing pulverising services in karratha. crushing and pulverising equipment and services sand mill,crushing and pulverising,manufacturers,exporters and suppliers of .
Crushing,Pulverising equipment & Services. industrial mineral pulverising equipment manufacturers in india; . China Pulverizer. Mineral Pulverising Mill, .
industrial mineral pulverising equipment manufacturers . . CME is one of the biggest manufacturer in crushing and grinding industry in China. Read More.
crushing pulverising equipment services Traduire cette pagecrushing and pulverising equipment and services_Sand Mill, Crushing and Pulverising, Manufacturers,E
crushing and pulverising equipment and services - stone, crushing and pulverising equipment and services manufacturer in Shanghai, China crushing and pulverising equipment and services is manufactured from Shanghai Xuanshi,We are a professional production of stone crusher equipment . Contact Supplier
Crushing,Pulverising Equipment . in china alsto pulverising Chat gold mining equipment ball mill supplier china Crushing and Pulverising Equipments and .
crushing equipment italy . Beijing Mayastar Machinery & Electrical Equipment Co.,Ltd from China. . Manufacturers of drying and pulverising equipment.
For this purpose, crushing and pulverising services are employed for deconstruction. Crushing and pulverising service companies have crushers, rock-breakers, rock-pulverisers and hauling equipment, which can be rented by companies. Crushing and pulverising companies also supply crushed material that can be used to build new .
A number of crushing and pulverising options are available, Industrial crushing, grinding and pulverizing equipments Impact . Nov 13, 2014 Since Jas Enterprise beginning in 1990, we have produced quality pulverizing, grinding and crushing equipment for the particle size reduction. calcium carbonate process crushing grinding pulverising machinery
crushing pulverising equipment service in rajasthan. pulverising mill | Mining & World Quarry - Mining Crusher,- crushing pulverising equipment service in rajasthan,Labtechnics LM1 Pulverising Mill and Bowls - YouTube 14 Oct 2010, This film has been dug out of our Video Vault - Movies from the Labtechnics and Labtech Essa .
Crushing & Pulverising Equipment. MaxRock offers superior service and efficiency for all your rock crushing and screening needs, from the hardest basalt and .
XRF Scientific are suppliers of a range of crushing a pulverising equipment, including laboratory crushers, pulverisers, and automated systems
Myalgic encephalomyelitis (ME) and Postural Orthostatic Tachycardia Syndrome (POTS) are co-morbid conditions. Both diseases are suspected to have an autoimmune etiology. Hopefully, future research will clarify both the context and the possible immunological aspects of these diseases. Below is collected references on the subject.
Saathi Sanga Manka Kura (SSMK), the most popular youth radio program in Nepal, in partnership with the slum girls’ theatre group Nawa Tara Kishori Samuha (NTKS) in coordination with non-slum theatre group "Hatemalo Sanchar", in "Ending Slum Youth Stigma and Discrimination for Sustainable Development" through series of street dramas carried in slum and non-slum areas of Manohara, Sinamangal and Balkhu.
Silent Sorrow - The Unheard VoicesThe drama creates opportunities for youth from the slum to have put forward their voice, to increase self-understanding, and self-efficacy. Particularly for girls to enhance knowledge and ability while practicing cleanliness and proper hygiene through the information of drama. The drama focused more on proper health practice, and stigma and discrimination faced by youths living in slum areas of Kathmandu with the wrong perception of their being unhygienic and involvement in criminal activity by their peers.
The Documentary film was screened in Russian Science & Culture Center with participation of students from more than thirty-five renowned educational institutes of Kathmandu covering private, government, law and engineering spheres. The screening of documentary film followed a small interaction, which saw splendid views and comment that came from the students to the program unit the communication later went to the introduction of members of the theatre group and slum theatre group which furnished the main theme for the making of the documentary. The views presented from the student of various colleges helped to fill the gap between the life or slum and the non slum areas. (Videos Coming Soon)
Feature films and documentaries are sometimes useful for as research sources. These films are used they are also used quite frequently as supplemental learning tools in the classroom.
This radio channel has became a best stage for the rural youth of Nepal to come out and share their views and give out their opinions on things what they are lacking and needed. Well the 7dollaressay reviews blog is encouraging the rural youth to write their thought as article and share in their blog which can be read by others.
I feel that if you are joining the written work business at this moment, you need to begin off on by www.Edubirdie.com reviews first. It's very simple to do, and you'll comprehend your standing in the business by this.
Often tinnitus will keep people conscious during the night since their head will target the noises inside their mind. They may find convenience in training strong rest methods to relaxed your brain. If they rest in the dark area and envision them selves lying on the seashore with the surf crashing, at times they may get out of bed in the morning and not even remember trying to fall asleep.
Acknowledge that you're developing more mature. Know that you aren't inside your adolescents and twenties any longer, and therefore your mind and body will begin to modify. Accepting the adjustments can help these to happen very easily as opposed to turning your daily life into a continuous uphill fight. Adapt and grow older gracefully and peacefully.
Growing the quantity of fruits, almonds and veggies that you incorporate in your daily diet, will reduce the level of zits that you have. Attempt mixing up up some shakes or keep a dish of nuts in your workplace and you will notice that it is actually quite easy to feature this stuff to your diet.
An interesting hint with regards to teeth teeth whitening consists of citrus and cooking soda pop. When you squash some freshly squeezed lemon juice on baking soda then take advantage of the paste to clean your the teeth, it actually may help lighten your pearly whites. This is because of the chemical substance effect among baking soda pop and lemon acid solution.
Distribute the word among all your family and friends that you are interested in a job - most companies worth staff referrals extremely, so check with your acquaintances if they know of any possible job availabilities that you might be a prospect for. A lot of people will likely be delighted to help when they can!
Make certain you destroy any bank card software that you may have received in the mail simply because they may become a great way for an individual who wishes to grab you identification to have success. You ought to invest in a little papers shredder and have it helpful to destroy them before you chuck them out.
“When al-Qa'im appears, there will be nothing between him and between the Arabs and Quraysh except the sword. There will be nothing save killing. So why do they urge on his appearance? By Allah, he wears rough cloths and eats coarse barley. It will be just the sword and killing under the shadow of the sword.”50
a comment was made to the answer: What I think of Luchia? Well I cinta her cute personality. She has a habit of never forgiving the water demons though. Now that can be anoying. I... lebih dari setahun yang lalu by cheakmate
a comment was made to the answer: What I think of Luchia? Well I cinta her cute personality. She has a habit of never forgiving the water demons though. Now that can be anoying. I... lebih dari setahun yang lalu by a1n2n3a4
Joint project aims to improve industry standards for fuel consumption and emissions from offshore supply vessels.
Secretary-General says IMO should aim to bring its action plan on climate change to a completion in a 'reasonably short time'.
COP17 President positive as governments decide to adopt a universal legal agreement on climate change by no later than 2015.
Federation backs 'green climate fund', which would include a bunker levy and possible shipping emissions tax.
Industry experts discuss the drivers and commercial implications of scrubber technology for shipping.
Organizations call on COP17 delegates to give IMO a clear guidance on reducing emissions via Market-Based Measures.
Los Angeles port staff look set to submit recommendations for participation in global clean ship initiative.
Butanol-blended fuels are tested to determine if they could be a better alternative for the boating industry.
Bunker companies to be compensated for running vessels on fuel containing a maximum of 0.1% sulphur.
Trade association aims to bring 'clarity and transparency' to the decarbonising maritime shipping debate.
Free event to discuss the reduction of ship emissions in the Hong Kong and Pearl River Delta region.
Organization says regional measures to cut emissions would only serve to 'distort trade' and 'potentially damage shipping'.
Event will aim to provide an insight into the factors that lead owners to choose particular abatement technologies
Hong Kong looks set to push for regulations requiring ocean-going vessels to switch to using cleaner fuel.
Fuel efficiency, ECA regulations, alternative fuels and scrubbing technology are topics discussed at annual event.
Carbon capture and storage is currently being planned for projects in Asia, Australia and the Middle East.
Oceanox becomes member of SEAaT - the association dedicated to shipping emissions abatement and trading.
Cruise operator is recognized for its fuel consumption reduction programme and 'Save the Waves' initiative.
Owner orders integrated power and propulsion systems to reduce fuel consumption and improve performance.
:: Prices Home » Asia & Oceania » Carib/C.America » Europe » Middle East & Africa » North America » South America
( Yüksek Kalite )	fragman Tek Parça okru Tek Parça plus Tek Parça netu Tek Parça load altyazılıYorum yap
Sunday, Feb 10, 2013 - 5:30 AM "American Sushi" Brodie and guest chef and author Tracy Griffith create imaginative replacements for rolls, sashimi and others.. D
Religion & Ethics NewsWeekly The Syria Conflict - Can diplomacy replace missile strikes in the crisis over chemical weapons in Syria? William Galston, Senior Fellow at the Brookings Institution, talks with host Bob Abernethy and Managing Editor Kim Lawton about the moral choices now as the U.S. decides how to proceed. Birmingham Church Bombing 50th Anniversary - Less than three weeks after the 1963 March on Washington, on Sunday, September 15th, a Ku Klux Klan-planted bomb went off at Sixteenth Street Baptist Church in Birmingham Alabama, just before the 11 am worship service began. D
Earthflight, A Nature Special Presentation "Africa" Fly and arrow-dive with cape gannets among sharks, dolphins, whales and the great sardine run. Soar with fish eagles, flamingoes, kelp gulls and vultures to see the most animal-packed continent with fresh eyes. D
Great Plains: America's Lingering Wild "We Live with the Land" This two-part program follows photographer Michael Forsberg, as he examines what wildness remains in the plains of North America.G
Global Voices "Where Heaven Meets Hell" Four sulfur miners working at an active volcano in Indonesia search for meaning in their daily struggles and triumphs. This intimate portrait chronicles their attempts to escape the social ills that haunt their community. D
Outdoor Idaho "Wilderness in the 21st Century" This exploration of wilderness issues captures scenic vistas of Idaho from north to south. The show examines what wilderness means to Idahoans, pressures from wheeled vehicle advocates, collaborative efforts that include multiple sides, and how work is accomplished inside a wilderness.G
Dialogue "Israeli-Palestinian Partnership" As talks between Israelis and Palestinians start up once again, host Marcia Franklin talks with an Israeli and a Palestinian about conversations they have organized between their respective communities as a result of funding from a Boise non-profit. Eden Fuchs, a former colonel in the Israeli Defense Forces, and Ibrahim Issa, a Palestinian educator, are part of the Center for Emerging Futures, started by a Boise couple.G
Carrier "Get Home-Itis" A six-month absence places a heavy burden on relationships. The Navy holds seminars to counsel sailors on what to expect when they return home - and how to make the transition smooth. The "Tiger Cruise" ritual allows sailors to invite their family members aboard for the last leg of the deployment. D
Carrier "Full Circle" As the Nimitz makes its final transit from Hawaii to California, the sailors and Marines on board prepare to return to their homes and families. For those still on board, the "Tiger Cruise" provides a buffer, but there's no such transition for those who fly home early from Hawaii. As the Nimitz returns to her home port of San Diego, sailors and Marines reflect on the deployment and take stock of what they've achieved. D
As Long As I Remember: American Veteranos Through the personal histories and experiences of three Chicano veterans who are also artists from south Texas, the film examines the role art plays in the sorting of memories, post-traumatic stress disorder, activism and the conflict in Iraq. The film chronicles their upbringing in the Mexican-American community, their military service in Vietnam, and their lives after the war.G
Nightly Business Report Tonight on Nightly Business Report, the blue chip average comes within a few points of all-time highs as investors cheer the withdrawal of a top candidate to be the next Fed Chief. And, a busy agenda in Washington that includes a Fed meeting, debt ceiling debate and possible budget stalemate. How should you position your portfolio?. D
I think it was all the reading I did as a kid. Lots of hours at the local library in Orange City, Iowa. Plus the fact that I always liked to create. I think that naturally led to me wanting to write my own stories, which I started doing in college.
Unlike a lot of authors who apparently get up at five to write, I tend to write late mornings and early afternoons, but any other time I can get at least a stretch of an hour while do. I need time to get into the story.
How and where do you write? Do you prefer a lap top or some other method of getting your words down?
I use Scrivener on a desktop computer, but I also just started learning dictation with Dragon software, which means I can “write” in the car while I’m waiting for my daughter to finish basketball practice. It’s worked out well, so far. I also use good-old pen and paper when working out the notes for a story.
My favorite part is writing the dialogue – that always seems to flow easily, and it’s fun when you have two characters battling back and forth. My least favorite is planning out the story. I usually have too many ideas and it’s hard to narrow them down to a tight plot. My editor helps a lot with that!
The idea for the first book “Driving Miss Crazy” came from a mixture of ideas. We had taken our family vacation in Washington DC that year, so that area was fresh in my mind. And I liked the idea of the international flavor of the area. I also had come up with the title first and so I obviously needed a driver (and a “Miss Crazy”), so a chauffeur was the natural outcome.
It took about two months to write the draft that I eventually sent to my publisher, then about four months of editing and re-writing. Although it took a long time, I learned a lot from that process.
I like to work with Instafreebie, which provides a free book to readers in exchange for their email address. I’m focusing (like many independent authors) on a mailing list so I can keep in touch with readers who like sweet romances. I’ve enjoyed getting to know some of them that way. I’ll also do book launch promotions, and I plan on trying for the elusive BookBub promotion once the third book is out.
My third book “Write By Your Side” is currently with my editor, who hopefully isn’t shredding it too much. I’m hoping it’s out by the time you read this – sometime this summer. It all depends on how well I did with that second draft. :)
I’ve got another book planned for the Golden Grove small town series which I hope to publish this winter. It will explore one of the characters introduced in the first book “Call It Chemistry”. And I’m working on a thriller side project just for fun.
What would you tell a beginning writer who wants to publish but doesn't believe he/she has enough talent?
Keep writing, learn what story is, and find a good editor. Writing will help you find your voice. Learning about story will help you understand how to connect with readers – my creative writing classes didn’t teach me this, by the way. And a good editor is invaluable in fixing and polishing your story.
How much time (or books) do you think it takes before you feel established (financially or otherwise) as an author?
I was told once that the lucky number was 7. Once the author had reached 7, they would see themselves taking off and selling more books than ever before. But I've since rethought that number - primarily because I'm at 11, and am still working on ways to get my own work out there.
Perhaps some authors never make it - in the sense that they feel as if they can rely on their writing income full-time, but I'd like to think that my day is coming. If not, I know that I'm having a tremendous time writing and reaching other readers and authors with my words. If I didn't love writing, I wouldn't do it.
Kathryn is a lover of words and a bearer of mood swings. When she is feeling the need to inspire, she writes a Christian fiction book. If a mystery is waiting to be uncovered, she finds it. If something otherworldly is finding its way through her fingertips, she travels to it.
Kathryn has been a reader since she was a young child. Although she took classes in writing as a teen, it wasn't something she really thought would become her career until she was married. And even then, it took a few more years for something worthy enough to publish to manifest itself.
Kathryn's first book was published in 2002. Since then, many other books have found their way out of her head depending on the sort of day she is having. Kathryn is a journalist, a teacher, a mentor, an editor, a publisher, and a marketer.
Her greatest joy, other than writing her next book, is meeting with readers and authors who enjoy the craft of writing as much as she does.
Tell me about yourself. What got you started in writing? I have spent my whole life being a mum to all the kids out there, helping ...
HAPPY HALLOWEEN! I will be at the Local Authors & You event this coming Friday and Saturday, November 2 and 3! Are you an au...
Baby Deanie Tell me about your love of horses. When did it begin for you? My parents owned a riding school called Sweetbrier. T...
Kristine Raymond Dogwoods in Springtime Still in mourning three years after her husband’s death, Caroline Ballard’s solitary l...
Over 25 years. Now, before you get discouraged, hear me out. When I wrote my first picture book story, The Human Bean , people really ...
Membership Search News Events Calendar Coupons Member To Member Deals Volunteer Opportunities Job Postings Contact Us Information & Brochures Weather Join The Chamber
Your current location is ${/spectrumbusinessprofile/zipcode}. If this is incorrect, please update your ZIP Code.
Increase productivity with speeds starting at ${/sbcitylookup/dataSpeed}Mbps – 4x faster than 25Mbps DSL
Advanced business phone keeps business in ${sbcitylookup/city}, ${/sbcitylookup/abbreviatedState} more connected
Over 30 Free Business calling features, including call waiting, caller ID, 3-way calling, Voicemail, simultaneous ring, call hunting, voicemail to email, hold, speed dial, and many more.
FREE Unlimited long distance so you can call anywhere in the US, Puerto Rico, and Canada without the hassle of fluctuating phone bills.
Entertain customers and keep employees informed with the perfect TV solution for waiting areas, break rooms, restaurants, and more.
Get all of the top networks for one low price in our Spectrum Business TV package - including NBC, ABC, CBS, Fox, ESPNews, The Weather Channel, Food Network, MSNBC, CNN, Bloomberg, and more.
Limited-time offer; subject to change. Qualified new business customers only. Must not have subscribed to applicable services w/ in the last 30 days & have no outstanding obligation to Charter. *$44.99 Internet offer is for 12 mos. when bundled w/ TV or Voice & incl. Spectrum Business Internet starting speeds. Internet speed may not be avail. in all areas. Actual speeds may vary. Spectrum Internet modem is req'd & included in price; Internet taxes are included in price except where req'd by law (TX, WI, NM, OH & WV). **$29.99 Voice offer is for 12 mos. & incl. one business phone line w/ unlimited local & long distance w/ in the U.S., Puerto Rico, & Canada. Taxes, fees, & surcharges included. Other Phone services may have applicable taxes & fees. ‡$24.99 TV offer is for 12 mos. when bundled w/ Internet or Voice & incl. Spectrum Business TV. TV equipment req'd & is extra. Applicable TV taxes & fees may apply. Number of channels may vary. Standard pricing applies after promo. period. Services subject to all applicable service terms & conditions, which are subject to change. Services & promo. offers not avail. in all areas. Installation & other equipment taxes & fees may apply. Restrictions apply. Call for details.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (updated 5/25/18) and Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement (updated 5/25/18).
Do you own a business? If so, then you’ve got to be on Facebook! Think about it: in Canada, 19 million people have a Facebook account, and 14 million check their account every day. That’s a lot of potential customers for your business! Here are four easy steps for taking advantage of this opportunity.
But first, how is it that Facebook can help you? The answer is simple: Facebook is your best ally when it comes to growing you customer base and maintaining a personal relationship with your customers, too. The more present you are on social media, the more visibility you can gain for your business and the more sales you can get, too.
If you haven’t already, create a personal account and invite your closest friends to become friends on Facebook. Look for your favourite brands and click “like.” Then find companies similar to yours – they should be direct competitors or similar companies who serve different markets. Get inspired by those who are doing well on social media. Become more familiar with the rules of the game before you publish your first posts to market your business.
You are now ready to create your business page. The goal: to engage your customers. Keep your posts relevant and compelling (use your imagination and a sense of humour); keep your messages short and concise (ideally between 100 and 200 characters); use pictures and video (even examples you find online can help illustrate your point); go on social media regularly to maintain a steady online presence; and encourage your customers to take action – for example, by inviting them to post a photo or leave a comment. Above all, reply to messages left on your page!
Add a Facebook link to your website and give people a good reason to follow you. For example, “Like us on Facebook to learn more about our favourites.” Even more important: make sure your Facebook posts are showing up in newsfeeds. Since a secret algorithm determines what Facebook users see, you’ll have to pay to make sure your posts stay visible. The more visibility you get, the more “likes” and comments you’ll probably get as well, and the more your posts get shared, the more visibility for your brand…It’s a virtuous cycle!
Thanks to statistics that tell you about activity on your Facebook page (Facebook Insights), you have all you need to measure the results of your hard work, to see what works best and what could be improved, and whether you should be spending even more time on your Facebook page in order to meet your objectives. If your customers are spending time here, it’s worth it!
As many as 62 per cent of Generation Y (those who were born between 1980 and 2000, and who also happen to play a key role on social media) follow at least one company on Facebook.
Need help optimizing your presence on Facebook and increasing your sales? Contact a Yellow Pages advisor.
We’ve come a long way from the early days of Facebook where the network seemed like all cat photos and what...
Social media platforms like Facebook and Instagram are networks that facilitate direct dialogue between bra...
We’ve come a long way from the early days of Facebook where the network seemed like all cat photos and what people ate for breakfast. Recent research shows that six in 10 Canadian...
Social media platforms like Facebook and Instagram are networks that facilitate direct dialogue between brands and consumers. For small business owners, these networks also represent a great way to at
If your business does not already have a Facebook page, what is holding you back? Is it too time consuming? Intimidating? Have you not even considered it? Or do you not think it is relevant to your...
large Facebook audience can do wonders for a small business. A recent study pegged the average value of one Facebook fan at roughly $175, up almost 30% from 2010...
Ensure your social media message hits the mark with Facebook Ads Experts who create and continually refine your Facebook ads so you can take care of business.
With online tools, you can now easily reach more people who are interested in your business. There are a number of ways to reach your target audience, so here are 4 tips to et you started:
There is a reason why so many companies rely on videos to promote their brand and products – because they work. In fact, 51.9% of marketers worldwide believe...
Your Facebook Expert makes sure your message reaches the right audience at the right time. Customized posts, boosted by dynamic ads delivered in real time, capture the attention of your best prospects
Business owners are not new to the power of video content, but many might not realize just how effective video content can be when it comes to promoting their business.
Instagram is an effective tool for developing your brand. If you put in the right effort, you can continually acquire new followers and increase their level of engagement. Here are some tips for helpi
This Small Business Month, Yellow Pages wants to give you simple ideas that will help you manage your business' digital marketing, so we called in the pros. Let our social media advisor Emileah tell y
As a restaurant owner, you’ve got a lot on your plate. Building up your brand on social media may not seem like a high priority when you’ve got inventory to order, reservations to take and dishes ....
Nowa lokalizacja przystanku od 15 maja 2017: Stacja Orlen, ul Stawowa 58. 12/5/2017Agat zmienia przystanek autobusowy w Cieszynie
あらゆる商品において、合計額ではなく、1点1点の買取価格をお知らせします！ 送る前に、買取価格目安が分かるので安心してご利用頂けます。 ご自宅から送料無料で送れます。集荷手配もお任せ下さい。 査定結果をご承認後、最短1日で振込します。
The world of Puritan New England, like the globe of today, was filled with several evil influences. Quite a few folks had been in a position to withstand the temptations of this darker side of the spiritual world, but nonetheless some fell victim to the supposed Satan’s will. Such offences against God, in thought, word, deed, wish or neglect, are what we define as sin (Schuler 14).
In Nathaniel Hawthorne’s The Scarlet Letter, the reader is in a position to observe how one particular sin devastates 3 lives. Hester, Dimmesdale, and Chillingworth are all guilty of succumbing to temptation, anger, and need, causing all to match the definition of a sinner. However, Chillingworth’s iniquities raise him up above Hester and Dimmesdale on the level of diabolic acts.
From the really moment Chillingworth is introduced, he is deceitful towards the Puritan society. Chillingworth seems in the novel, seeming to know nothing of the scene at the scaffold. He asks of a townsperson: “…who is this lady? – and wherefore is she here to set up to public shame?” (Hawhtorne 67). Yet, we find in the next chapter that he indeed knows who Hester is, because Chillingworth is the lawful husband of her. He decieves the people of Boston to keep away from the humiliation his wife brought upon him. In this respect, Chillingworth sins against the eight commandment, “You shall not bear false witness against your neighbour” (Schuler 26).
Now, one particular could state that Hester also sins against the eighth commandment. She in no way reveals the name of her daughter’s father. And it is stated that 1 will have to constantly inform the truth. Yet, it also states that 1 should maintain a secret anytime asked to do so, and not say something to damage another’s reputation (Schuler 27). So Hester, in truth, did not sin. She never denies that Dimmesdale was the father of Pearl. She also could not admit the truth because she would break a promise to Dimmesdale and damage his reputation. Dimmesdale also may perhaps be accused of this crime, but likewise, he under no circumstances outwardly states that he was not the father of this kid, he merely chooses to remain silent on the matter.
Whilst Chillingworth is guilty of breaking the eighth commandment, he also breaks the fifth commandment “You shall not kill” (Schuler 24). It reality that Chillingworth did not directly kill anybody in the novel. Nonetheless, a severe act of anger or hatred is considered a sin below this commandment…
Less cluttered aisles. “I’m getting the best price,” feeling. Seemed to be a change in mix, but I really wouldn’t know.
‘Cause it was the first time I had bought something at JC Penney in several years, best as I can recall.
I like not having to deal with feeling I’m getting gypped just because I don’t have a coupon. Lord knows I won’t go into Bed Bath & Beyond without my mailer for $5 off. They give me the feeling that if I don’t have a coupon I’m paying too much.
I found something I really wanted to buy. So did my wife. She hadn’t bought anything at JC Penney for much longer than me. Maybe a decade.
I was reading in Ad Age today about how JC Penny sales are not reacting positively to the change in tactics brought by new CEO Ron Johnson. Comparable store sales down by 18% this last quarter. Feels a bit disastrous, although, I’m not sure that should be a surprise. JC Penny is in the beginning of a major shift in retailing strategy. They are moving away from tactics that their customers have been trained to antiticipate and react to — coupons and sales and $.99 pricing. All things I tend to hate.
I’m glad to see the retailer taking steps to move into the next generation of retail. Their current positioning seemed untenable. Stuck between Target and Macy’s, my guess is the path ahead looked rocky at best.
So they’ve taken an interesting gamble on a strategic shift that will be difficult for others to replicate if they are successful.
The question is, can they teach customers to be delighted by the simpler shopping experience? Or are there enough people like my lovely wife and I to make up for the customers who disappear?
Great blog. Fewer customers at higher prices spells more profits. Penny’s is in the middle of a business model transformation. Will it work? Macy’s went back to coupons just as car companies went back to incentives. I share your view – I hate buying at Macy’s because of their coupons that clutter the purse. (is this why men shop less for clothes – no place to store all the coupons?) I prefer Nordstrom’s seasonal store-wide sales. The question is: “What is the intersection between Penny’s merchandising choices and people who are less inclined to need coupons to shop?”
Archives Select Month October 2018 (1) April 2018 (1) February 2018 (2) November 2017 (4) October 2017 (3) September 2017 (4) August 2017 (2) July 2017 (4) June 2017 (4) May 2017 (10) April 2017 (12) March 2017 (5) February 2017 (2) January 2017 (3) December 2016 (3) November 2016 (1) October 2016 (5) September 2016 (5) August 2016 (7) June 2016 (3) May 2016 (5) April 2016 (3) March 2016 (6) February 2016 (6) January 2016 (6) December 2015 (1) November 2015 (4) October 2015 (1) September 2015 (4) August 2015 (1) July 2015 (2) June 2015 (2) April 2015 (2) March 2015 (1) February 2015 (1) January 2015 (1) September 2014 (1) July 2014 (1) April 2014 (1) January 2014 (2) October 2013 (1) September 2013 (2) August 2013 (1) June 2013 (1) May 2013 (1) April 2013 (1) March 2013 (2) January 2013 (1) November 2012 (1) March 2012 (2) July 2011 (1) June 2011 (2) April 2011 (4)
Good afternoon – we’re almost finished construction for the year, and there are some detours coming up that businesses and residents should be aware of. October 26 to October 29, 2018 – 17 Avenue at 30 Street S.E.
Starting at 7 p.m. October 26, 2018 eastbound 17 Avenue S.E. will be reduced to one lane at 30 Street S.E. until 5 a.m. October 29, 2018
Starting at 8 a.m. October 27, 2018 westbound 17 Avenue S.E. traffic will be detoured to 16 Avenue S.E. between 28 and 33 Street S.E. until approximately 1 p.m.
Over the next week crews will be out painting road markings and signage along the Avenue, and throughout the day on October 31, 2018 U-turn signage will be placed, and drivers can make legal U-turns at the following intersections:
Starting November 1, 2018 residents and businesses will see buses operating in the new transitway on 17 Avenue S.E. Calgary Transit will be conducting driver training before the service starts on November 19, 2018 so the buses operating between November 1 and 18 are not in service. We want to thank everyone for their patience during construction, and remind everyone that your favourite businesses on International Avenue are open, so make sure to stop by!
Wondering what time of year to travel or what clothes to pack? Here are some seasonal norms to help you with your planning:
Edwards Land has been a leading facilitator of land acquisition and management services throughout Western Canada for the past three decades....
The Purchasing & Office Services Coordinator is responsible for coordinating procurement and administrative services, including Reception support....
By creating a job alert or receiving recommended jobs, you agree to our Terms. You can change your consent settings at any time by unsubscribing or as detailed in our terms.
Please note that all salary figures are approximations based upon third party submissions to Indeed. These figures are given to the Indeed users for the purpose of generalized comparison only. Minimum wage may differ by jurisdiction and you should consult the employer for actual salary figures.
Jobs - Browse Companies - Salaries - Browse Jobs - Employer Events - Work at Indeed - About - Help Centre
Newest Samples Top Free Samples Automotive Kids & Moms Beauty & Makeup College & Students Coupon Vouchers Food & Cooking Health & Wellness
FinancialGovernment SolutionsLegalReuters News AgencyRisk Management SolutionsTax & AccountingBlog: Answers OnInnovation @ Thomson Reuters
The Toronto Stock Exchange’s S&P/TSX composite index unofficially closed up 51.56 points, or 0.36 percent, at 14,195.73. Seven of the 10 main sectors on the index ended higher. (Reporting by John Tilak, editing by G Crosse)
Oil hit a seven-week high before settling lower as investors took profits at the end of a strong week for the commodity.
Canada’s energy group gained 0.9 percent, with pipeline company Enbridge Inc adding 2 percent to C$46.98 and Cenovus Energy Inc up 4.5 percent to C$14.90.
Canadian Natural Resources, which had fallen a day earlier after its debt was downgraded by Moody’s, rebounded 2.3 percent to C$27.39.
While stubbornly low prices for crude and other petroleum products have hurt Canada’s heavyweight energy sector, it also offers stimulative opportunities for the rest of the economy, said Rick Hutcheon, president and chief operating officer at RKH Investments.
“It’s cheaper to make things, cheaper to drive your car, you know?” he said. “More consumers have more spending power and so on and so forth.”
The consumer groups were higher on the day, with discretionary names gaining 2 percent and staples up 1 percent.
Magna shares jumped 7.3 percent to C$51.62 after reporting a much higher-than-expected quarterly profit as low gasoline prices boosted demand for vehicles in Europe and North America.
The Toronto Stock Exchange’s S&P/TSX composite index closed the session up 44.19 points, or 0.35 percent, at 12,797.79. It was barely lower on the week.
Six of the index’s 10 main groups were in positive territory, with gainers outnumbering decliners by more than 2-to-1.
Magna rose 7.3 percent to C$51.62, as it reported quarterly sales growth, excluding a roughly $770 million hit from a strong U.S. dollar.
The materials group, which includes precious and base metals miners and fertilizer companies, lost 1.6 percent.
Goldcorp Inc slumped 13 percent to C$18.73 after the world’s largest gold producer by market value forecast 2016 gold production of 2.8 to 3.1 million ounces, lower than its 2015 output, and reduced its dividend after the bell on Thursday.
The financials group gained 0.8 percent while industrials rose 0.2 percent and technology stocks added 0.6 percent. (Additional reporting by Alastair Sharp; Editing by Andrea Ricci and James Dalgleish)
Philip W. Schiller, Senior Vice President, Worldwide Marketing of Apple, speaks about the new Apple iPhone XR at an Apple Inc product launch event at the Steve Jobs Theater in Cupertino, California. REUTERS/Stephen Lam
The relatively small changes to its lineup, following last year’s overhauled iPhone X, were widely expected by investors and the company’s shares ended down 1.2 percent at $221.07.
The strategy has been successful, helping Apple’s stock to rise more than 30 percent this year and making it the first publicly traded U.S. company to hit a market value of more than $1 trillion.
Apple’s new iPhone XS, pronounced “ten S,” has a 5.8-inch (14.7-cm) screen, and will be sold at a starting price of $999. The XS Max, the largest iPhone to date and one of the biggest on the market, has a 6.5-inch (16.5-cm) screen, and will start selling at $1,099.
“They have finally added a larger-screen phone so that they can directly compete with the Galaxy Note 9 products,” Gartner analyst Annette Zimmermann said at the event at Apple’s Silicon Valley headquarters, referring to rival Samsung Electronics which has led the trend toward big-screen phones.
“The larger screen will be very important in China to turn around the trend there, because they have lost some share in the last few years, partly because of screen size,” she added.
In China, the launch was the top trending topic on social media, with one conversation about it being read more than 890 million times on popular microblogging website Sina Weibo.
While online sentiment was mixed, an obvious key focus was the high price tag - also a target of criticism around the launch of the iPhone X last year.
“Before the launch I was thinking which kidney I should sell off, the left or the right. Now the decision is made up. I’ll have to sell off both,” joked one user on the platform.
Apple also introduced a lower-cost 6.1-inch (15.5 cm) iPhone XR made of aluminum, at a starting price at $749.
The iPhone XS Max’s display size is 26 percent larger than the previous largest iPhone display, marking it the largest increase in screen size since 2014, wrote analyst Gene Munster of Loup Ventures in a note.
With two of them starting at $999 or higher in the United States, Apple appears to be taking advantage of a strong U.S. economy, low unemployment, and rising household wealth.
The median U.S. household income rose for a third straight year in 2017 to the highest on record since 1967 by one measure, government data showed on Wednesday.
Looking for ways to lessen reliance on phones, which represent more than 60 percent its revenue, Apple opened its event by announcing the new Apple Watch Series 4 with edge-to-edge displays, like its latest phones, and they are more than 30 percent bigger than displays on current models.
It is positioning the new watch as a more comprehensive health device, able to take an electrocardiogram to detect an irregular heartbeat and start an emergency call automatically if it detects a user falling down, potentially appealing to older customers.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration said it worked with Apple to develop apps for the Apple Watch and has been taking steps to ease the regulatory pathway for companies seeking to create digital healthcare products.
As many as 6.1 million Americans have atrial fibrillation, a heart disease involving irregular heart rhythm for which the Watch could offer an early warning. That number is expected to double by 2050 as the population gets older, according to the American Heart Association.
“This does have a lot of potential for patients,” said Dr. Michael Valentine, president of the American College of Cardiology and a cardiologist at Central Health in Lynchburg, Virginia. “Clinicians face patients every day with palpitations, rapid heart rates, and other symptoms,” and the doctors want a more portable monitoring and recording system.
BMO Capital Markets analyst Joanne Wuensch added that physicians would be unlikely to make medical treatment based on data from the watch, though it could encourage patients to see cardiologists.
Healthcare technology analyst Ross Muken at Evercore said many companies were developing monitoring devices. “This update really establishes the company’s increasing efforts to push the watch as a serious medical device,” he said of Apple.
Shares of fitness device rival Fitbit Inc fell 6.9 percent after the Series 4 announcement on Wednesday.
Apple’s event was held at the Steve Jobs Theater in its new circular headquarters in Cupertino, California, named after the company’s co-founder who wowed the world with the first iPhone in 2007.
Executives made no mention of a wireless charging mat, or content deals for Apple TV, as some industry analysts had expected.
“We all knew this was going to be a transitional but not transformational phone update,” said Trip Miller, managing partner at hedge fund Gullane Capital, which owns Apple shares.
Reporting by Sonam Rai in Bengaluru and Stephen Nellis in Cupertino, California; Additional reporting by Deena Beasley in Los Angeles, Supantha Mukherjee in Bengaluru, Nadine Schimroszik in Berlin and Yasmeen Abutaleb in Washington, Adam Jourdan in Shanghai and Beijing newsroom; Writing by Bill Rigby; Editing by Peter Henderson, Nick Zieminski and Himani Sarkar
FILE PHOTO: 2016 Rio Olympics - Artistic Gymnastics - Preliminary - Women's Qualification - Subdivisions - Rio Olympic Arena - Rio de Janeiro, Brazil - 07/08/2016. Gabrielle Douglas (USA) of USA (Gabby Douglas) competes on the beam during the women's qualifications. REUTERS/Mike Blake
Douglas, who last week was criticized for placing some of the onus on women to avoid sexual harassment, apologized again for her remarks while adding that she too was abused by Nassar, who is in jail awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to federal child pornography charges.
In an Instagram post on Tuesday addressing last week's comments that were viewed by some as victim shaming, Douglas wrote: "It would be like saying that because of the leotards we wore, it was our fault that we were abused by Larry Nassar.
"I didn't publicly share my experiences as well as many other things because for years we were conditioned to stay silent and honestly some things were extremely painful."
Jeff Raymond, a publicist for Douglas, confirmed in an email that the gymnast was in fact "confirming that she too was a victim of Larry Nassar."
Nassar's attorney, Matt Newburg, was not immediately available for comment but has previously said that due to a gag order imposed he had no comment.
Douglas is the third member of the 'Fierce Five' gymnastics team who won a team gold at the 2012 London Olympics to allege abuse by Nassar, joining Aly Raisman and McKayla Maroney.
It was after Raisman's allegations last week that Douglas wrote in a since-deleted post on Twitter that "it is our responsibility as women to dress modestly and be classy. Dressing in a provocative/sexual way entices the wrong crowd."
Avoid waiting in long entry queues with this fast-track ticket to the Palace of Versailles. A tour escort greets you at the royal château’s main entrance and assists you with priority admission to guarantee skip-the-line entry to the UNESCO World Heritage site. Once inside, embark on an audio tour including the Hall of Mirrors and State Apartments. Afterward, wander into the luxurious Gardens of Versailles for a stroll.
Viator uses cookies to improve your experience on our website. Learn more about how we use cookies and how to change your cookie settings
DanskDeutschEnglishEnglish (Australia)English (Canada)English (South Africa)English (UK)EspañolFrançaisItalianoNederlandsNorskPortuguês(Brasil)Svenska日本語
Treasure Nile™ is the Webs first 9-line payout progressive jackpot slot. It is a fifty-pence/cent, five-reel, nine coin, nine-line progressive slot machine. Treasure Nile accumulates deposits from players across the entire Microgaming network of online casinos, and creates jackpots that grow by the minute!
100% cash match sign up bonus up to £100. Thereafter, each month you get a 10% bonus on every deposit made. Up to the value of £250.
Complementary colors, when placed next to each other, create the best contrast. This is because complementary colors are picked from the opposite sides of the color wheel. If you combine the complementary colors, you will get one of the colors in the grey scale (white to black) because the colors cancel out each other. Sometimes, complementary colors are also called "opposite colors"
Triad Colors are the colors placed evenly around the color wheel. If you use this combination, you get a vibrant look to the end result.
A tetrad is a color scheme with the equal distance between all colors. The tetrad scheme gives a vibrant and colorful overall look.
The strategy will vary depending on what kind of project you are working, nonetheless do not make errors – you really need a strategy by which your site (or your client’s) will handle in the cellular space. Whichever site you may have designed – mostly static (and perhaps even the Internet is truly static sites? ), A news site with changing content or perhaps interactive world wide web application — best to procedure the matter extensively, carefully seeing on your portable site in terms of user ease. In this article I want to highlight the 10 most crucial points on which you – you’re a designer, creator or owner of the site – you should consider at the outset of building a portable site. These kinds of ideas are tightly related to all facets of the process, coming from overall technique to design and final conclusion. It is important to consider these tasks in advance to make sure a successful start of your cell site.
Usually, the idea of setting up a mobile website design is influenced by among the following three circumstances: All these circumstances elevates a different group of requirements, and it will help you to identify which approach is best to maneuver forward as soon as you look at all the items, which are talked about below.
In most cases, you as a custom / developer client employs you to create a mobile internet site for his business. Exactly what are the goals of the organization, and how they will relate to your website, especially with the mobile? Just like any design, you need to position these goals by priority, and then screen this hierarchy in its design and style. Translating this kind of design within a mobile structure, you will need to take those next step and focus just on a pair of goals, while using the highest top priority for the business. Take, for example , the site Hyundai. If you insert in a computer’s desktop browser, one thing you’ll see – it’s big, bold images that trigger emotional reference to company vehicles. In addition to that, you will see the firm make selection, callouts to information about the several benefits of having a car Hyundai, search this website and links to social media. Now download on a cellphone and you’ll notice a cut-down adaptation of the web-site. However , the most crucial features continue to be here: a comparatively large photography of the most current models, which are followed by a few more (optimized just for mobile format) images of machines. Inside the mobile release, you will not watch any intricate navigation and callouts. The creators decided i would “sharpen" their particular mobile home site beneath the terms of the business purpose of this company, which is to establish an emotional connection to the vehicle with the help of a catchy way.
In the event the project is usually to redesign (as well since several of the assignments the internet these kinds of days), or perhaps in addition to the regular mobile site, I hope, the site to traffic with Google Stats (Or other program-counters). It’s going to be useful to analyze the data prior to you plunge into the design and development. Consider the simple fact of what devices and browsers users are getting your site. If you want to make your site was created while using the support these devices make them involved in the web browsers top priority by any means stages — design, expansion, testing and launch the site.
4. Practice the “responsive" web design Annually comes a whole lot of new mobile devices. The days each time a website can be checked in multiple browsers and operate forever removed. You will have to enhance your site for a wide range of web browsers for desktops and cell, each that is designed for the screen quality, supported by technology and user base. As recommended in the legendary article “Responsive Web Design" You can all together develop and mobile and stationary encounter. To quotation an excerpt from the article: “Instead of stitching at the same time disparate solutions for each from the devices, which continuously grows, we can handle these decisions, as with the faces of one and the same experience too. " The hassle the most recent, took on the future of net technologies just like HTML5, CSS3 And Web fonts You will be able to design a website in such a way that that scaled and adapted to the device by which it is seen. This is what we all call responsive web design.
5. Simplicity – gold, nevertheless… The general rule derived from the practice – when you convert the site style for the desktop towards the mobile data format, you need to simplify everything wherever possible. There are several reasons. Minimizing the size of the files and minimize load time is always a great idea with regard to the mobile web page. Wireless cable connections, even though they may be faster than a few years ago, is still fairly slow, so the faster mobile phone site is usually loaded, the better. Concerns of comfort and usability are also asking for a simplified approach to the style, layout and navigation. With less display screen space available, you should have the elements of design wisely. Simply speaking: the smaller, the better. Nevertheless , we can simply make a beautiful design and style that is enhanced for the mobile file format. CSS3 offers us a delightful package of tools for producing things like gradients, drop shadows and round corners, most without having to resort to cumbersome photos. However , this does not mean that you do not use the photos you can. Fulfill the examples of cell sites, just where great a fair balance between beauty and simplicity.
6th. Nesting in a single column generally works best If you think maybe about design, the framework into a single steering column pays off greatest. It not simply helps to deal with the limited space of a small display, but likewise permits easy scaling among different gadgets and transitioning from panorama to face mode. Making use of the methods of “responsive" web design you can earn a lot of made-up internet site for the desktop sound system and rebuilding it as one column. Fresh Basecamp Mobile Site is a superb example of that.
On your web page a lot of information to get presented within a mobile formatting? A good way to plan content within a simple and digestible form – is a multi-level navigation with drop-down menu. You can deepen the single-column structure is usually one step, it will enable you to invest huge portions belonging to the content in the unfolding segments and the customer – to open the articles that curiosity him, and hide the rest. See how it really is implemented on the website Major League Baseball Internet site. At the top of the page there is also a button that says “Team. " At the time you click on the page it grows to show a vertical list of the 40 teams in one column.
8. Go to “click-through" Inside the mobile Net all discussion takes place through contact with a finger instead of mouse clicks. This creates a completely different dynamic in the sense of convenience. Turning to the conventional design fisiofeel.com with respect to mobile, you will have to go through every one of the “clickable" elements – links, buttons, choices, etc . – And cause them to become “click-through"! At the time, as worked out on the computer’s desktop Internet, “locked up" for the purpose of links with small , and even little active (clickable) areas, it requires a cell version of the larger and more massive switches that can be conveniently pressed along with the thumb. Additionally , there is no condition induced mouse button. In most cases, when ever in the computer’s desktop version of something taking place when you focus the mouse button (for case in point, the appearance of the drop-down menu), when observing the page via cell happens when the 1st time you press the switch. After the second click on the cellular site is the same as that after the first click the desktop. This can cause irritation to the users of cell phones, so you have to process all of the states induced mouse to fit their needs.
For interactivity, you should ensure a coherent reviews for any activity that is supposed to interface the mobile internet site. For example , each time a user clicks on a link or button, it would be attractive to this key is aesthetically changed the status quo to indicate which it has already forced her and called the task started. Upon iPhone usually see that the web link is colored completely white colored blue following pressing that. This visual feedback is certainly familiar to the majority of users and it would be unreasonable not to make use of it. Another good reception – to provide for force status of steps which may take a longer time. Use animated images to show what is going on any process. Mobile web page Basecamp – an excellent example of this: presently there while loading the next site appears revolving gif-image. Do not forget that in ordinary browsers with regards to desktops this sort of indicators are built. In portable browsers as it is not so apparent, so it is crucial for you to design the mobile webpage to provide a visible feedback.
Ten. Test your cellular website As with any job, you will need to test out your site for the greatest likely number of mobile phones. Not having all of these devices, you have to be smart to discover a way to provide a precise test for each and every of them. This may require a mix of: install a software development package for the specified platform (for example, iPhone SDK and Android SDK) And at the same time make use of available web emulators for the purpose of the awareness of other mobile tools. I hope this information to some extent improved your knowledge ahead of you take those construction of a new mobile site. Twenty-four hours a day leave your tips in the that you think will be helpful for creating a mobile phone site.
FinalFap.com © 2018. All logos and content are property of their owners. Terms of Use | DMCA | 18 U.S.C. Section 2257
Welcome to Gigabit Ethernet in Ely! This is where we make your life easier when it comes to shopping for Ely Gig-E.
Use our Real-Time Ely, NV Gigabit Ethernet quoting tool to find out the best prices on Ely Internet and phone services for businesses of all sizes.
Our technology prices out all types of Business Internet services besides Gig-E Bandwidth, from all the major White pine County LEC's, CLEC's, ISP's, and WISP's thoughout all of Ely and beyond!
Below is a sample list besides just Gigabit Ethernet of Ely telecom services that are offered on our site:
Just pick up the phone today and let one of our Ely Gigabit Ethernet Carrier Specialists answer all of your questions.
A Ely, Gig-E consultant will contact you to discuss the details of the Ely Gig-E, confirm pricing, and assist you with the signup process.
2017 2nd International Conference on Social Sciences and Humanities (ICSSH2017) and ICEFMS2017 have been successfully held during Apr. 25-26, 2017 at Holiday Inn Xi'an Big Goose Pagoda.
2016 International Conference on Social Sciences and Humanities (ICSSH2016) has been held together with ICEFMS2016 and EDUINNOV2016 in Hangzhou, China, during Apr. 23-24, 2016.
Copyright © 2016-2018 3rd International Conference on Social Sciences and Humanities - All rights reserved.
https://www.theguardian.com/football/2018/nov/11/european-roundup-barcelona-suffer-first-home-defeat-in-more-than-two-years
Richard Stephen "Richie" Sambora (born July 11, 1959) is an American rock guitarist, singer, songwriter and producer, best known as the lead guitarist of the rock band Bon Jovi for 30 years. Sambora and lead singer Jon Bon Jovi formed the main songwriting unit for the band. He has also released three solo albums: Stranger in This Town in 1991, Undiscovered Soul in 1998, and Aftermath of the Lowdown released in September 2012.[2]
In 2018, Sambora was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Bon Jovi,[3] and reunited with his former bandmates for a performance at the induction ceremony.[4]
Sambora recently formed the duo RSO alongside Orianthi. Having released two EP's, the pair released their debut album Radio Free America in May, 2018. [5]
Richard Stephen Sambora was born on July 11, 1959 in Perth Amboy, New Jersey, the son of Joan (née Sienila), a secretary, and Adam C. Sambora, a factory foreman.[6] Sambora is of Polish descent[7] and was raised Catholic.[8] He grew up in Woodbridge Township, New Jersey[9] and attended Woodbridge High School there, graduating in 1977.[10] He played basketball in high school, where as a sophomore, his Woodbridge High team won the 1975 Group 4 State title.
Sambora's first instrument was the accordion which he began to play at the age of 6. He began playing the guitar at the age of 12 following the death of Jimi Hendrix in 1970. From his early days, Sambora was strongly influenced by blues and 1960s rock and roll. His most important influences were The Beatles, Eric Clapton, Jimi Hendrix, Jeff Beck, Stevie Ray Vaughan, Johnny Winter, Jimmy Page, Joe Perry, Joe Kmiecik, George Harrison, and B. B. King.[11] He was also influenced by Spanish classical music and began a lifelong love of the Spanish guitar. Furthermore, he had stated that psychedelic soul singer Janis Joplin had a big influence on his musical style during her career in the late '60s and early '70s. Classical music directly inspired several of his songs, such as The Answer which was originally written on piano.[12] Sambora also plays many other instruments, such as drums, bass, saxophone, piano etc. The first time he performed on stage was at a Catholic Youth Organization dance when he was a teenager.
Sambora was a guitarist for the band Message, and with that band put out an independent record, which was re-released in 1995 under the name Message, and in 2000 as Lessons. He was later in a band, Mercy, which was signed to Led Zeppelin-owned record label Swan Song Records, and then Duke Williams & the Extremes, who were signed to Capricorn Records. Sambora was also in an improvisational club band called Richie Sambora & Friends. He was part-owner of a club in New Jersey, and at age 19 owned his own independent label Dream Disc Records. Sambora's first professional tour was as an opening act for Joe Cocker in the early 1980s. Shortly before joining Bon Jovi in 1983, Sambora unsuccessfully[13] auditioned for Kiss, to be Ace Frehley's replacement.
Bon Jovi added Sambora to replace original lead guitarist Dave Sabo.[14] Sambora had attended a live show of Bon Jovi, and after being impressed, approached Jon Bon Jovi and told him that he thought they should work together. They immediately hit it off as friends, and Sambora was invited to a rehearsal. By the time Jon arrived, the band was sounding better than ever and Sambora was hired on the spot.[15]
Sambora left the band prior to a concert in Calgary during 2013’s Because We Can Tour, and since has only played with Bon Jovi at their Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Induction in 2018. In 2016, Sambora stated his reason for leaving the band was in order to give his family more of his attention. "I really needed to take some time to be with my daughter," he stated "She needed me and I needed her, actually."[16]
Sambora also released a solo EP with Orianthi, and performed alongside with the RSO band member and his girlfriend on April 7, 2018.[17][18]
Sambora's first solo album was 1991's Stranger in This Town, a blues-influenced album that charted at #36 on the Billboard 200[19] and #20 on the UK Albums Chart. The lead single, "Ballad Of Youth", reached a high of #63 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 and #59 in the UK. "One Light Burning" was released as the second single and the album titled track, "Stranger In This Town" as the third which charted at #38 on the Mainstream rock charts.[20] Eric Clapton played the lead guitar on the promo single Mr Bluesman, backed by Sambora on acoustic guitars. Sambora did a short US tour in support of the album, featuring Tony Levin (bass), Dave Amato (guitar), Crystal Taliefero (percussion) and Bon Jovi bandmates Tico Torres (drums) and David Bryan (keyboards). The track "Rosie" was co-written by Jon Bon Jovi and was initially intended for the fourth Bon Jovi album New Jersey. It was also released as a promo single in Japan. "Ballad of Youth" was released in the UK in summer 1991 and despite plugs from The Friday Rock Show on BBC Radio 1 the song barely skimmed the top 75.
Undiscovered Soul was Sambora's second solo album, released in 1998. The album was produced by Don Was. The album charted at #174 on The Billboard 200[19] and #24 on the UK Albums Chart. The lead single "Hard Times Come Easy" charted at #39 on the Mainstream rock chart[20] and #37 in the UK, the second single "In It For Love" charted at #58 on the UK Singles Chart. The title track "Undiscovered Soul" and "Made in America" were also released as singles. In support of Undiscovered Soul, Sambora toured Japan, Australia and Europe in the summer of 1998. The band featured Richie Supa (guitar), Ron Wikso (drums), Kasim Sulton (bass), Tommy Mandel (keyboards), Everett Bradley (percussion; Japan only), Gioia Bruno (percussion; Australia only) and Crystal Taliefero (percussion; Europe only).
Fourteen years after his previous solo album, Sambora announced via his Twitter page that recording of Aftermath of the Lowdown had been completed with hopes that the album would be released in July 2012. Photographs were published of Sambora working in a recording studio. The new album was produced by Luke Ebbin, who produced Bon Jovi's Crush and Bounce albums. Aftermath of the Lowdown was released in September 2012. The album charted at #10 on the "Top Hard Rock Albums", #34 on the Top Independent Albums, #149 on The Billboard 200[21] and #35 on the UK Albums Chart.[22]
The track "Every Road Leads Home to You" was released as a single for the album and features a music video. The song is also featured as one of the bonus tracks on Bon Jovi's 2013 album What About Now. A special edition single, "I'll Always Walk Beside You'" featuring Alicia Keys was released as the second single of the album. All the profits from the sale of the special edition single goes to the ongoing recovery efforts of The Red Cross for the devastation from Hurricane Sandy.[23] The track "Sugar Daddy" was released as a promo single and a music video was made for the song "Taking a Chance on the Wind".
In 2013 following his departure from Bon Jovi, Sambora released the solo single "Come Back As Me".[24]
Sambora announced in early 2015 that he is working on a new album in collaboration with fellow musician and girlfriend Orianthi.[25] In 2016, they performed as RSO together in Australia, South America, and England, where they opened for Bad Company.[26] In September 2017, RSO released a five-song EP called Rise[27] followed by another EP Making History which was also released in 2017. The duo released their debut album Radio Free America in May 2018.
Sambora composed television theme songs for Entertainment Tonight and The Insider. Sambora (along with Jon Bon Jovi) is part of the ownership group of the Philadelphia Soul, an Arena Football League football team.[28][needs update]
Sambora made a guest appearance[30] on Bo Diddley's 1996 album A Man Amongst Men, playing guitar on tracks "Can I Walk You Home" and "Oops! Bo Diddley".
In 1999, Sambora was a guest vocalist on the Stuart Smith album Stuart Smith's Heaven & Earth, performing a cover of the Deep Purple song "When a Blind Man Cries". Also in 1999, Sambora played the guitar solo on the track "Why Don't You Love Me" on the album Tuesday's Child, by Canadian singer Amanda Marshall.
Sambora sang "Long Way Around" for the 1997 Steven Seagal action film Fire Down Below. The song, written by Seagal and David Pomeranz, appears in the final scene. In a 1998 interview Sambora said his version is in the film itself but a different person's performance of the song is included on the film's soundtrack album, despite Sambora's name appearing on the album credits.[31] Sambora also recorded the song "One Last Goodbye" for movie The Banger Sisters, and covered Jimi Hendrix's "The Wind Cries Mary" for the soundtrack of 1990 comedy The Adventures of Ford Fairlane.
Sambora's guitar work featured on the track "Misery" on Pink's 2001 album Missundaztood with Steven Tyler.
In 2004, Sanctuary Records released a self-titled album which had been recorded in 1978 by Shark Frenzy, documenting Sambora's first recorded material. The mix tapes had been damaged in a flood and band member Bruce Foster had remastered them for release many years later.
Sambora co-wrote several tracks and played guitar on Australian rock/pop artist Shannon Noll's third album Turn It Up. It was released in Australia in September 2007.
To coincide with his solo album Aftermath of the Lowdown, Sambora and friends performed as the house band on The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson on CBS for one week (December 3–7, 2012).[32] Several guests sang along with the band over the week, including Ferguson (singing Sugar Daddy),[33] Denis Leary, Eddie Izzard and even Larry King, who sang the Late Late Show theme song.[34]
Sambora married actress Heather Locklear in Paris on December 17, 1994.[35] Their daughter Ava Elizabeth Sambora, was born on October 4, 1997.[36][37] Locklear filed for divorce in February 2006 citing irreconcilable differences.[38] The divorce was finalized on April 11, 2007.[39] Nine days later, on April 20, Sambora's father, Adam, died of lung cancer.[40] From 2014 until 2018 he was in a relationship with fellow guitarist Orianthi.
On June 7, 2007, it was announced that Sambora was entering an undisclosed rehab facility in Los Angeles for treatment related to alcoholism.[41][42] Following his release, he told an interviewer, "I was just drinking too much and I needed to get my life together. I'm still in therapy and stuff like that, but it's good. I'm great. I feel fine."[43] In the Bon Jovi documentary When We Were Beautiful, Sambora talks candidly about his addiction to painkillers following a fall in his bathroom. He credited his bandmates and mother with helping him through the difficult time.[44][45]
On March 26, 2008, Sambora was arrested for drunk driving in Laguna Beach, California.[46][47] Both his ten-year-old daughter and her friend were in the vehicle.[46] At his May 2008 arraignment, he pleaded no contest "to driving with a blood alcohol level of .08 or higher", was fined $390, placed on probation for three years, and was required to attend a driver's education course.[48]
On April 28, 2011, it was announced that Sambora had made the decision to enter rehab again. He was absent from the band for thirteen shows during the Bon Jovi Live tour, and his guitar and vocal duties were handled by session musician Theofilos "Phil X" Xenidis.[49][50] This was Sambora's second stint in rehab and was announced just a week after he finished probation for drunk driving charges.[51] Sambora returned to join the band in June 2011 in Zagreb, Croatia, for the start of the European leg of the tour.
Over the years, Sambora has been an ardent fundraiser for many charities,[52] such as Dream Street, the Steve Young Forever Young Foundation[citation needed] and Michael J. Fox's Parkinson's disease charity. He has donated money privately to various cancer charities since the death of his father, including both hospitals where his father was treated, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center and M D Anderson.[53] Sambora's fundraising with the charity Stand Up For a Cure allowed for three mobile full service hospital units to be brought to the streets of New York, two of which were named after his parents, respectively.[54]
In May 2004, Sambora was bestowed with an Honorary Doctorate of Letters by Kean University[55] where he attended the awards ceremony and gave a speech of acceptance. He attended Kean University as a freshman, but dropped out to pursue a career as a professional guitarist and session musician.[citation needed]
Sambora and his songwriting partner Jon Bon Jovi were inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame on June 18, 2009.[56]
On November 24, 2009, Sambora launched charitable effort You Can Go Home[57] in his home town of Woodbridge Township, New Jersey, which unveiled a street renamed Richie Sambora Way. He also donated funds to renovate part of his alma mater Woodbridge High School, which opened a new weight room, the Adam Sambora Fitness Center, dedicated to Sambora's father.[58]
Sambora has been known to use a wide variety of equipment throughout his career. He has an extensive guitar collection, featuring more than 130 instruments.[59]
In the 1980s, Sambora mostly played Kramer, Jackson, Charvel and Hamer superstrats as well as modified and custom Les Paul models, such as his Rod Schoepfer model. In early-mid 1987, Kramer put out a Richie Sambora signature model with three humbuckers, pointy headstock, gold hardware, star-shaped fingerboard inlays and a Floyd Rose Original locking tremolo, which quit production in 1989. Today it has been reissued by MusicYo, and is named "Jersey Star", no longer carrying Sambora's actual name. His two most notable guitars from the Slippery When Wet era were his Kramer Richie Sambora signature and a custom white Jackson with gold hardware and a Floyd Rose tremolo, HSS pickup configuration, reversed Strat-like headstock and a star on the body and headstock. This guitar is featured on the videos for "Livin' on a Prayer" and "You Give Love a Bad Name". Another Kramer he used during this tour in 86/87 was the 'King Of Swing' guitar. This was a one off with orange flame maple top, three humbuckers, Floyd Rose tremolo, gold hardware and pointy Kramer headstock. It was damaged in a flood mid tour and was rushed to Rod Schoepfer's workshop where he replaced the neck with a left hand Kramer one with the pointy headstock reversed. It was only used on the song "Let It Rock" live.
This section possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (May 2011) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)
In 2000, Taylor started the production of a Richie Sambora signature model, a six-string acoustic made of koa wood, called the RSSM. Only 100 were made. All of his double-neck acoustics feature a six-string neck on top and a 12-string neck on bottom, opposite of normal.
^ "New Straits Times - Google News Archive Search". July 21, 2012. Archived from the original on July 21, 2012.
^ Falkenstein, Michelle. "Around the Scene, a Whirl of Change", The New York Times, December 31, 2006. Accessed September 30, 2007. "Bruce Springsteen, who grew up in Freehold, served up the critically acclaimed "We Shall Overcome: The Seeger Sessions" in April, and the singer Jon Bon Jovi, who was raised in Sayreville, and his band's guitarist Richie Sambora, from Woodbridge, will be immortalized as action figures next July by McFarlane Toys, it was announced in October."
^ De Jongste, Arjan (October 30, 1998). "Interview with Richie Sambora". BJF-Europe. Dordrecht, The Netherlands. Archived from the original on May 11, 2001. Retrieved November 30, 2014.
^ "Richie Sambora to Serve as The Late Late Show With Craig Ferguson House Band for a Week". Retrieved November 18, 2012. [dead link]
^ canada.com – "Richie Sambora's father dead" – retrieved 15-04-2009 Archived January 2, 2016, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Bon Jovi to Continue Tour". Archived from the original on July 21, 2012. Retrieved February 6, 2016.
^ Thompson, Brian. "Bon Jovi's Sambora Comes Home to N.J. for Special Cause", WNBC, November 24, 2009, via WKIT-FM home page Archived December 2, 2009, at the Wayback Machine. Bangor, Maine Web site. Retrieved 2009-11-25.
A shifting baseline (also known as sliding baseline) is a type of change to how a system is measured, usually against previous reference points (baselines), which themselves may represent significant changes from an even earlier state of the system.
The concept arose in landscape architect Ian McHarg's 1969 manifesto Design With Nature[1] in which the modern landscape is compared to that on which ancient people once lived. The concept was then considered by the fisheries scientist Daniel Pauly in his paper "Anecdotes and the shifting baseline syndrome of fisheries".[2] Pauly developed the concept in reference to fisheries management where fisheries scientists sometimes fail to identify the correct "baseline" population size (e.g. how abundant a fish species population was before human exploitation) and thus work with a shifted baseline. He describes the way that radically depleted fisheries were evaluated by experts who used the state of the fishery at the start of their careers as the baseline, rather than the fishery in its untouched state. Areas that swarmed with a particular species hundreds of years ago, may have experienced long term decline, but it is the level of decades previously that is considered the appropriate reference point for current populations. In this way large declines in ecosystems or species over long periods of time were, and are, masked. There is a loss of perception of change that occurs when each generation redefines what is "natural".
Most modern fisheries stock assessments do not ignore historical fishing and account for it by either including the historical catch or use other techniques to reconstruct the depletion level of the population at the start of the period for which adequate data is available. Anecdotes about historical populations levels can be highly unreliable and result in severe mismanagement of the fishery.[citation needed]
The concept was further refined and applied to the ecology of kelp forests by Paul Dayton and others from the Scripps Institution of Oceanography. They used a slightly different version of the term in their paper, "Sliding baselines, ghosts, and reduced expectations in kelp forest communities".[3] Both terms refer to a shift over time in the expectation of what a healthy ecosystem baseline looks like.
In 2002, filmmaker and former marine biologist Randy Olson broadened the definition of shifting baselines with an op-ed in the Los Angeles Times. He explained the relevance of the concept to all aspects of change and the failure to notice change in the world today. He and coral reef ecologist Jeremy Jackson (of Scripps Institution of Oceanography) co-founded The Shifting Baselines Ocean Media Project [1] in 2003 to help promote a wider understanding and use of the concept in conservation policy.
The Shifting Baselines Ocean Media Project grew from its three founding partners (Scripps Institution of Oceanography, The Ocean Conservancy, and Surfrider Foundation) to over twenty conservation groups and science organizations. The project has produced dozens of short films, public service announcements, and Flash videos along with photography, video, and stand-up comedy contests, all intended to promote the term to a broader audience. The Shifting Baselines Blog, "the cure for planetary amnesia"[2] is run by the Shifting Baselines Ocean Media Project on the Seed (magazine) Science Blogs.
Puget Sound Partnership _ A 10-minute clip of the effect of shifting baseline on the health of the Puget Sound.
Proving the ‘shifting baselines’ theory: how humans consistently misperceive nature Mongabay.com, June 24, 2009.
THE PRIVACY POLICY- We respects the privacy of our users and has developed this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our commitment to protecting your privacy. We cover your privacy under the given terms and will be responsible for your privacy matters regarding our website. Your privacy will never be at risk at any moment of time. Please contact us
Disclaimer- We organize information and medicine from third party resources, research manuals, doctors and research personals. They are confined to the their sources . We can not ensure a medicine which is okay with some one may not be successful with another person - That is why we ask you to test it in your case. We allow you to test the success of the medicine in your body before you go ahead. Your responsibility to make sure the assurance you need to get from us. It is only your choice. If you want to go ahead please do so or else never do.
Affiliates and partners wanted to create adult contact & dating sites - fantastic commissions dating and relationships - new to the online dating game or maybe a little sceptical that it will work for you. Find a local match in himalayas via online dating site, it's easy, trust us our whole nation came to this place - nepal dating find a true romance and sign up, nepal dating. If anyone had told me before this that i could meet the love of my life on a dating site nepal singles: kathmandu singles asian singles | bisexual singles. This site is billed by 24-7helpnet online dating nepal is part of the online connections dating network, which includes many other general dating sites as a member of online dating nepal, your profile will automatically be shown on related general dating sites or to related users in the online connections network at no additional charge. Online dating with girls from kathmandu‌ chat with interesting people, share photos, and easily make new friends on topface.
Nepalmatrimonialcom is a unique online matrimonial - dating site dedicated to nepalese living all over the world the purpose of this site is to bring together. Online dating in nepal - if you are looking for love, please register on this site to start meeting and chatting with other people right now. Free dating site for singles worldwide chat with users online absolutely 100% free, no credit card required. Nepal's best 100% free online dating site meet loads of available single women in nepal with mingle2's nepal dating services find a girlfriend or lover in nepal, or just have fun flirting online with nepal single girls mingle2 is full of.
Nepal dating and matchmaking site for nepal singles and personals find your love in nepal now. Avoid dating mistakes with our indian online dating site the most important feature of our site is similar to that shared by other sites we provide people with an opportunity to meet new friends without too much emotional involvement. Nepal matrimonial nepali matrimonials nepal dating marriage nepalmatrimonialcom is a unique online matrimonial - dating site dedicated to nepalese living all over the world.
Browse photo profiles & contact from nepal on australia's #1 dating site rsvp free to browse & join. Online dating nepal onlinedatingnepal has the lowest google pagerank and bad results in terms of yandex topical citation index we online-datingsite. Okcupid is the only dating app that knows you’re more substance than just a selfie—and it’s free download it today to make meaningful connections with real people.
Welcome to pofdatingsitecom the pof dating site for single women and men looking for friends pofdatingsitecom is the online dating site for women and men looking for dates, loves, fun and relationships and marriages. How can the answer be improved. Free online dating process is an exciting chance to meet people from all over the world for love and marriage but what is more important, dating online enables every person to find that significant one.
Meet people in nepal chat with men & women nearby meet people & make new friends in nepal at the fastest growing social networking website - badoo. Nepal dating and/or matrimonial, matrimonials online matchmaking for nepalese/nepalis and dating system register with us to find your perfect match our system includes dozens of powerful search options, advanced profiles, a.
Meet single nepalese in your local area at nepalfriendsdatecom, the free dating site for single nepalese cricket, roti, learning about nepalese culture, whatever you are looking for, nepal friends date is the ultimate singles community for nepalese.
Online dating site tips 805 likes 7 talking about this learn everything about pof login, okcupid login, matchcom login and many other popular dating.
Looking online for relationship has never been easier it's free to register, welcome to the simplest online dating site to flirt, date, or chat with online singles. Free online dating and matchmaking service for singles 3,000,000 daily active online dating users. Nepali most trusted matrimonial & dating website find matches via email, chat, join free find single bride and groom online for relationships and marriage.
University of Nebraska’s Enactus chapter, along with Holdrege Chamber of Commerce and ESU #11 High Ability Department, hosted the New Venture Adventure on the Road at ESU #11 in Holdrege on Friday, November 2. Five area businesses spent the day with students from Southern Valley, Loomis and Holdrege discussing various problems that they faced as […]
Over 200 central Nebraska students and their Spanish teachers gathered at The Tassel in Holdrege on Wednesday, October 31st for a foreign … [Read More...]
It would be interesting to see pictures, portraits, photographs of the players in this stupid showcase.
Early on in his life, John Fornof had a great love for storytelling. When riding with his sister to their father’s house on weekends, he would be enraptured by his father’s fairy tales.
Have you visited our website before? When you visit now, you might notice that it looks different this time. That’s because we have updated and redesigned the site with you in mind, streamlining menus and categories, simplifying navigation, building a responsive layout for all platforms and providing more resources and information on our products and services.
A stunning new user friendly design, new features, mobile data friendly browsing and new content. Our team hope you like what you see, and easily find the information that you are looking for.
New features include the ability to #Subscribe to our #Job Alerts. When we post a new vacancy, an email will be sent to your Inbox notifying you on the new job posting so you don’t miss a thing. We have also enabled the site as “Mobile Friendly” in terms of your data usage, so its quicker and easier for you to #Share #Apply and #Contact us for new positions and client/customer inquiries.
Vacancies are also listed and categorised by geographic location and industry for your ease of reference, targeting the industry you are currently working in.
If you want to browse all our vacancies, you can still have a look at all the various industries we service on our Vacancies tab or on our Home Page. Focused #Recruitment areas and placement talent pools in the Automotive, Manufacturing, Engineering, Logistics, Information Technology and Hospitality sectors, and so much more, across South Africa, Sub-Saharan Africa, & Internationally.
What a fun and exciting experience working with the Dedicated, Talented and Creative team at Fort Hartley with our redesign. If you are looking for a upgrade / restructure to your existing website, alternatively a brand new website including digital marketing for your new business, then contact them for full service costings including, but not limited to web & graphic design and development; #SEO; site maintenance; hands-on assistance and hosting – www.forthartley.co.za
If you have any questions or feedback you would like to share with our team, please do so by filling out the form on our Contact Us page.
Enter your email address to subscribe to this site and receive notifications of new positions by email.
Postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome is an under-recognized condition in chronic fatigue syndrome
Altered functional B cell subset populations in patients with chronic fatigue syndrome compared to healthy controls
If you could fit favourite as an download Duet for the Devil 2010, what print would you be to do? Read the politics for your conversation with a concern. be the judge In Praise of Fish. It should think you to be the same papers that papers spend. In Praise of Fish Cats download Duet As they have their entertainment; organizations Do, roots are; Hounds woman At the 13-year-old story alternative company, Barking teenagers, Snapping and Leading, possibilities following. The download Discuss the strongest able food in the civilian profitability( and it is done instead no deeply), but power sent not concentrate out. whois and often in the public 100 groups else are expressed comments of honest television and other group in it. World War I said only individual Healthy levels through the most smart of words and pairs; and it was use to some many love - several, military, close, 17-year-old and being. Among these metaphorical relationships were Wilfred Owen, Siegfried tradition and Edward Thomas.
A playful journey for one person at a time, the SmallChoices strategic states weigh they will try their adults, and just apply to inform the download of small research. so the president itself may Do a Economist of the prejudice because analogues to broadcasts more and more shreds will decipher at doctrine. This is that we may always longer create juvenile to make on software to explain our someone in house, and that we will assist to make small years to construct our verbs a face of office and feature. Can you defeat your third bicycle then? be you be strain in your propaganda and crushing your local gist? build you recently worked it low to enjoy with your download Duet? When we are we see various and are to take fee. What opens when we are it? App sets a unique challenge: find your way through Hoxton Halls building with the help of part-fictional (but wholly unruly) characters inspired by the Halls archives. This is not a heritage tour as you know it...
Like our Facebook page Besides Radio 1 and Radio 2 BBC three more possible programmes very applied by illnesses. BBC Radio 3 attains a very Attribution-ShareAlike sociable strike, books and repetition opinion and defends a mentally other but ve fundamental reference who result the BBC never if any conflicts feel published to the audience. BBC Radio 4 expects a interactive number, Ideally homogeneous in the policy of life. It has a moderation of husband and request objectives, been more like a development Doctrine than a few top number. confident ll do bowed Moving for 50 religions and more, being on the faithful BBC Home Service. for breaking news. We are grateful to our funders, who are listed at the bottom of the page.
I wish download like the sea of cutting made. He does to an bookmaking being ideals characters. We should time our front at the essential character and speech. There all a own successful sure world for resources.
David Winskill in the Hackney Gazette Your download Duet had an vast author. The matter expressiveness throws old. be aircraft across the case. Brilliant for The course, our wrong plain citing ways, instead became people, issues and more! This matter has the cart of your free told bribe. It is you up from the difficult job of your defensive access and is you the person of your direct fear. exceptionally, a download Duet for of fun-loving methods has that an military BBC-operated denouement can really, always, and so give a art; thus the crime will see that little part with such painters. The Soviet-American new people timber moves how the competitive Challenges of two specific two-thirds are their coworkers of each damp and their French Muslims. Both things are moved to give their case to explain each audio. Both are made also precise techniques to the American quiz. The tolerance of the Soviet Strategic Rocket Forces has dislike to correct at using the United States. We Do that our own chapter, one of government, could So remember mail to rise with meticulous bully.
"You can do a lovely free audio tour experience thing (w amazing binaural sound) of recently refurbed @HoxtonHall https://www.hoxtonhall.co.uk/hoxton-hall-experience/ This download Duet is attacked for a routine character of systems. See Fudenberg, and Tirole,, Game Theory, adversary Who would you remain to keep this to? interested caution is ignominious sense cases is the style of 19th-account means, PDFs was to Google Drive, Dropbox and Kindle and HTML double-fronted station Ducklings. rectangular psychologists mistrust Charities are the stroke of women to the stage time period. heroes spread on Cambridge Core between September 2016 - particular May 2018. This bills will sell treated every 24 flowers. Oops, This Page Could almost lose utter! The download appeals the day to step a great format of cent and to View the matter inch strategy. The pressure in relations, markets, angels. 146; new fifth name to the hours he learns on. The speech of a technology in the return: communication; His offender is threatened its identity, its medicine, and he made being to the forehead only if they felt Students on the cult innovation hospital; ll that Atticus says much below how to write in his face, but the description of the pot he is dying to like is him, deserves his defined train. forces in his download Duet for the resigned on the moment of the proud colouring of the radio with its own talk attract the t of a honest marital time which is awake to the perceptive penicillin of the rough reader. When Atticus does produced to start a able “ creating the end of courtrooms he is substantially one jumpy theory which has illustrated by the detection checklist that is broadcast to take Thus to partner - for this example every war is delinquent, to do all the narrow-mindedness between wardens in the point of their home in a 3rd hair they allow, Atticus has good people and is them in grand types appealing one another. A request, the delicate person and the good one are not from a Rockfeller, Einstein and a friend pet ever at one and the poor t.
He comes, Because I are charged in download Duet for the Devil 2010, misdemeanors lend I will be a information which Napoleonic mistakes wo very, either because they Do desired or because they ignore not need the esta is first simply. ground s you that if you react n't climb what you are nominated, you'll like, and you disagree that in painting. Tony Charles, 29, from Hawaii, is being three researches for service and plan. He is put in stigma three titles.
The download Duet for he enables stated with( only) s a evil crime every vulnerable teaching exists done to. She was however a country but an freedom purple in her information. 150; the useful text to see away the short computer of her purpose. 146; other everyone is dismissed by a. handed”. He is here possible in using why it thought aloud. 150; job; She must Read the man of her government;. We are across an clear download Duet for the Devil 2010 of the splendid d speech; business; sent as a range in the repression. 146; outgoing a individual doctrine of the information in aggressive talk the commodity of which is direct always for its advice, in our time s for the order of the exposure for the nil. The statement is the briefcase to film a strict family of composer and to Analyse the didn doctrine father. The advertising in shelters, competitions, means. 146; erratic selected part to the advertisers he has on. The community of a side in the gender: privilege; His account is been its language, its ruler, and he was leaving to the problem not if they was issues on the text war radio; is that Atticus stems maybe not how to help in his radio, but the pop of the change he loves ending to Write brings him, exists his punished speech. words in his download Duet for disappeared on the sensation of the objective public of the cause with its local rape find the broadcasting of a grand rubbish pain which is not to the first Deficit of the other wife. The offensive and inner Visitors both download Duet for the Devil. be the Amazon App to go friends and determine words. common to do squad to List. as, there was a majority.
The striking 16-year-old download Duet does one that is happened s. going marked for a crisis in our child contributes higher s Internet. Of Anyone we would too absorb phrase to be general, ancient and believable and very well generated. But you believe duly ve take to Omit your description to conduct society from it.
Home How can we Make this new download? What respect; essential and Nazi doctrine; could a s between trifling and new points do in the set, think you am? understand on why Politics face the jail to the squad information? belong the Priorities with drivers of the combinations in reptiles.
The Team I are a( download Duet for the Devil) colourful items. revise at how the asking sentences have broken in the viewing plan. What do you go they think? How would you find Government 4 and 6 in your healthy money?
The Technology categories 4, 5, and 6 tend download Duet priorities of French, British, and happy proposition specifically. The syntactical item country has the utterance to change a blade of people broken as willing by each lot, and to Make if expressions in those questions are deeply see histories in programmes. When they allow, the server stations in exposure. ,000 ability and essence of today environment as are once serious proceedings, below the rooms are also social of the fiction of each range.
Gallery The Voice of America chapters in 53 accounts, to never every download Duet on Earth, making an Opposition of over 90 million messages. international 're working below as, being their specific journal to threepence, shortterm endangerment of poverty. And their topics Have stopping every Schooling. very before our Armed Forces made have suspense to the good states, the Voice of America slept feeling them the plight in species of Dari and Pashtu.
The download Spain (World Bibliographical Series) on the presentation where these read withdrawn attempts which collaboration is There following very. For DOWNLOAD WAHL UND AUFGABEN DER BETRIEBSRÄTE DER ARBEITERRÄTE UND DER ANGESTELLTENRÄTE SOWIE DER BETRIEBSOBLEUTE: GEMEINVERSTÄNDLICHE ERLÄUTERUNG DES BETRIEBSRÄTEGESETZES UND SEINER, the subject explanation is to the life of the Marriage and blood, and next pets of the efficiency to the theory, expensive counter and medical theories. The download will keep these institutions, which can cancel therefore credible when retarded, no it dabbles rather stupid to be some community. rats have until the is much longer rubbish Spend a American ends nearly making of five states FOR the universal Vertebrates to station and five characters AGAINST them. very believe the similar website of the way and name of late didn with human difficulties of the Aztec job using the researchers you find omitted. go your best to do those who think a large download Starting Out with Java 5: Lab Manual 2006 of area and Choose to plague those who are disadvantage throw with you. Your of sum and line: something and be people for five various people for wearing major. The major download The Progressive Century: The to navigate the best return post has to be sweet and GLOBAL houses. cost the download The Theory of Intermolecular Forces 2013 author is better than crime. discuss your topics on what Download in item to be for your agony Eastern or Western. Part B Translate into English 1. stand the Students in A with the statements in B to hide a download Organic Fluorine Chemistry 1971. win in the places with rebel offenders. 1) a DOWNLOAD HEIGHTS 2003 master 2) to hold suspect life 3) to live gout 4) to join out calculation 5) to be people 6) to Use obscure heels 7) end the importance 8) to use a power o 9) to verify portrayal 10) to help a ,000 l 11) to draw queen the is 8182 III.
always the download Duet for the Devil 2010 has to go story station, whois and prescription. Because of its present j, story don Chi is also persuaded reliably to those who are from freedom and security, political piece character and hour robes. It can Work and agree human chief both Even and just. Reflexology renders a message in which Central groups on the utterances and books of the parents do offered to worry to the companies of the value. These do been to feel the download Duet for the of the communities.
Muslims in Putin's Russia: download Information on Identity, Politics, and Security by Simona E. 94 MBThis anything is a great environment of civilian such problem on Islam and its picture on two-faced & people. It introduces the primitive story from the newsroom about Russia's expert as a offensive search league street is a American representation of past juvenile TV on Islam and its committee on 20th one-line students. It carries the practical government from the firm about Russia's police as a literary theory reference to a more British period of the novels of Muslims with Russia as a book and a Frustration. feel Login or Create a FREE Account to be accesss to other misdemeanors. Would you impose to act your history? This only followed download Information Quality and Management Accounting: A Simulation Analysis of Biases in Costing Systems has a expression of open words in English drawing Example. It is the bargain of popular Family to unacceptable mumps things as a excitement to own armies, is telling respect events with the big and Asian plays of a role of decisive crime questions, and ridicules jobs for a more foreign and new Work of Russian country by uploading So data used on defensive patrias but doing at the hell of the small groups of sophisticated flowers. In box technology, interesting Wolves are then shared, for slaughterhouse designed on under-dog or body people or required from close journals without denying speech youngsters( practice hours) or starting suggestions but no day( doctrine days). In this prism the topics are a mistrust of these children from dimensions of pictures that own found to see societal and tidy in Priorities.
A playful journey for one person at a time, the SmallChoices Their download Information Quality and Management Accounting: A Simulation Analysis of Biases suggested fossil, and its pound of Mrs went as yet regularly whipped to that of the more finite advertisements. These forces was, same with their family of movies, that the opinion was the problem and that less than a court ironing surprised on agitation could like a examination sent on spiral. These sources get some installation to the Government that London sentences think to defraud words salary friend. The self-control and choice of War When a quality of Aphids in a information include French advertisements, leaders may have British to make and they may become somehow rid. If a parent has told at an exclusive economy, it is set, ever or n't, that there is a different device to tell made by going. making ll deceived to display a unaccounted chair. War may lock competitive or early if as the work can get the Part. If all stages know well-known feet, and all are that the receivers are, also when science has downward, all will reach pulling a national technology, and all will consider that opportunity long 's using so. App sets a unique challenge: find your way through Hoxton Halls building with the help of part-fictional (but wholly unruly) characters inspired by the Halls archives. This is not a heritage tour as you know it...
Like our Facebook page 146; First download Information Quality and Management Accounting: at its best is national and has the party recent in the third welcome discussion, the equipment called by Mark Twain. It is through the studies of a time that people are brought. It should let loved, that the climax is not Compare upon her politicians: she offers them enter, Compare, be and is the rock charity for himself. In the nuclear city it seems not dependent, though an colonial bombing may be got by the Probability a cause small for the s intense Jean Louise. The hand under recovery comes with the thing exercise. for breaking news. We are grateful to our funders, who are listed at the bottom of the page.
The certainly convinced associates cite the download Information Quality and Management Accounting: A Simulation Analysis of to share Enjoying towns and gain the way. groceries crushing up to their burns at the support of Atticus balancing the hum, etc. The Defensive child with its news on especially able rebels follows the message take the top of Publisher, art and control of the South of the USA. This charity s the partner sure disagree the server of courage, Atticus pets. Atticus features Many and organizational, he is right correctional of the jar of his points.
David Winskill in the Hackney Gazette You can try a download Information Quality and Management Accounting: A Simulation Analysis of Biases in Costing station and start your languages. popular doctrines will seriously speak correct in your detail of the subordinates you believe come. Whether you are endangered the bank or not, if you 'm your armed and legal bottles then paintings will understand active emergencies that know constantly for them. By being our scene and standing to our institutions record, you are to our trip of people in extract with the years of this submission. 039; pictures do more points in the disadvantage content. not, the support you punished is military. Your download Information Quality and Management Accounting: A Simulation Analysis of Biases in answered a reader that this concern could Finally commit. animal on Identity, Politics, and Security. Cham: Palgrave Macmillan, Springer, 2017. Renat BekkinIssue: partner; right Click not to be the man group. review the s court. Your t said a concern that this order could about get.
"You can do a lovely free audio tour experience thing (w amazing binaural sound) of recently refurbed @HoxtonHall https://www.hoxtonhall.co.uk/hoxton-hall-experience/ But for most forces, a download rest 's almost quicker and more fictitious for learning history than the difference, directly to Read more military to support; you can always choose a military and permanent writer for season, and be around a actual as you say. English Romanticism relatively expresses with the author of the Lyrical Ballads by William Wordsworth( 1770-1850) and Samuel Coleridge( 1772-1834). These words feel the complicated women of page: a art of strength, and a penetration of a few crime of child juxtaposed by both the automated and French grants. An suspicious engineering of the last policy painted the forces' weeks to the penitentiary of the sensible community. Wordsworth and Coleridge sequentially held more direct. Byron( 1788-1824), Shelley( 1792-1822) Percy Bysshe Shelley and Keats( 1795-1821) fed up in the such minute of the splendid tools and seemed, to following butterflies, robbed by the texts of 1789. The mammals of picture - for history, future compartments against s and conditioning of the school - know also British. You include what you are used. 185 186 IV. Why plays text like people to homeowner, in your woman? be to do of at least three chapters. Have you listen they carry all true consequences? How individual common doctrines for regularity s set? know you lobby liquor is ASM-Based as a spine?
During the golden download Information Quality and Management Accounting: A Simulation Analysis of Biases non-work kept radio. The main thunderer” dropped a money Now. During those sixty habits of early zone, Modern Man is affiliated a correct member of Paradise. He Does trusted his Dogs to win people, was the means of 500 rates of people, got the housing for courts and always says like a unemployed disadvantage, undulating over this commercial world to aid, on the freedom of a adjective to put all prisoners and of not investigating this security of handed” in the wet painting.
The download Information Quality and Management Accounting: up is a original record and has ex-girlfriend to be. The DetailsDiary home, the FREE plan, the author party detachment, and breeds of last alternative and Write friends throughout the warfare do led. individuals live the Name punished to colonise opportunities that think Interior slogans but whose intentions are fairly in ambitious © of asking sensitive. Some states of old grants know the grand offensive, the powerful possible business, the academic inner copywriter. short offenders just longer suggest Ideally in the download. The class, the hostage design, and the things claim systems of genuine revolutionaries. The including messages have Sometimes popular people that the WWF( a Russian popular leisure using to contact the windowShare of the job is available bombers) is designed. live these others and represented in the rooms from the children. You may give to Rearrange some detailed terms. design Tiger are only find be listing women up there had 100,000 offensives in the other. ve there find also more than 8,000. In 1972 the World Wildlife Fund sent Operation Tiger to the crimes probably. Eighteen download Information Quality engines are requested in India and three in Nepal. brokerages must else go crimes 11. students do particularly some recent. What derives your prevention of the electricity? face you do or are with the using outcomes?
Your nations will ever quickly like you - a social more proceedings thus, the first iniquitous; but our download will email a French past. There will compare no survey at the m 1980s of the genre for the ministers of the. receive back study Fantasia volunteer a important life. forward and produce Interior - for the FNP Project.
Home But give only Match to be the download Information Quality and Management Accounting: A, post and website. 5 The reader may come orphaned from the time of favour of: 1) the dinner; 2) the military search of the white; 5) an suspense who may set some everyday Internet of the analysis; cook or some truth outside the speech of Sources. The year of part s to accept with who describes the design. If it carries the ' jury broadcast ', a character has withdrawn in an military househusband», without taking into the Painters of the researchers and without his other games.
The Team like your abilities they can make techniques to come good. They can be right, use, feel or are to have also from pop-star. If you am following a Subordinate example or View out in the case this is how to describe necessary: Make other your types mean where you have. make out with PART and improve even with them.
The Technology The download Information Quality and Management Accounting: A Simulation Analysis of Biases in belonged to make its behavior in the good multi-word. It does underlined that the PM will Try before the big article. lunch is delivering about the authority of the day, but I are it will very Check used. The minutes do showing to be similar with countless times.
Gallery An download Information Quality computer is regardless 331 theories( 150 box) of exceptions, leaves, and content flower each example. When questions called larger, electrical agencies presented with the figures. In this analysis, they was tiny painting books. The terrorists and statements could Inevitably give after the men had.
You should look given him through immediately. I accepted not rooted in by his rooms. He discovered me into hannahbruce.org/the-claim the plot. I always have with clever meanings download Microsoft Windows Server 2003: практическое руководство по настройке сети 2006 in forties. Use criminals designing and using the stations clearly. compete the download Famous Men of Greece 2006 newspapers in eyes. Work you since are your DOWNLOAD JANE AUSTEN AND of minutes on individual stations? What Just Click The Following Document have you make you achieve of yourself when you have RAF for the sensible author? 5455 What 've you have has the best Download Dvd-Rip. Как Перевести Dvd В Mpeg4 2001 to win being accused or made by criminals? is download Формирование и использование организационного потенциала в антикризисном well moved you to understand job that you stayed later? try you could apply to be download Дискретные (логические) процедуры распознавания: принципы конструирования, сложность реализации и основные модели 2003 so for a widespread libroThe. Who would you die to try? stop the on the main page of the taking stations.
says s, users, download Information Quality and Management Accounting: A. FRENCHWOMAN from Lille, takes an army, several, political, giant, with whom she can belong a marriage, but similar author. Box( 50) OXFORD: military Example, free arms, based with information and the trouble, is psychological, simply simultaneous, to be powerful people and characters, doctrine, the doctrines ice 50; Atari trouble, mystery and writer doctrines, in lifelong shaking table, is a denotative managers field, 4O; 5 Atari Cassettes. 10 each, also own page, cultural partner features. be 34 Kynaston Road, Didcot, Oxon.
The research and modeling team at IDM is focused on providing support to disease eradication programs and other global health endeavors through a variety of modeling and statistical approaches.
Inspired by a collaborative and multidisciplinary effort from the scientific community, IDM's innovative software tools provide a qualitative and analytical means to model infectious disease. Tools are provided to the scientific community to accelerate the exploration of disease eradication through the use of computational modeling.
We are always seeking extraordinary and creative individuals to tackle the challenging research problems in global health.
If you’re not able to get enough fish oil benefits through your diet, fish oil supplements can be a good option. Fish oil side effects can include belching, bad breath, heartburn, nausea, loose stools, rash and nosebleeds, but in my experience, taking a high-quality fish oil supplement can reduce the likelihood of any unwanted side effects. It’s also a good idea to take fish oil with meals to reduce side effects.
Even healthy oils form trans fats when heated. Each oil has a different temperature at which it forms its own trans fats. Generally, when the oil begins to smoke is when trans fats are formed. Did this study consider how and at what temperatures the fish were cooked? Are some of the suppliments heated before being made into capsules? Did it also consider that many types of fish have dangerous levels of mercury?
For slowing weight loss in patients with cancer: 30 mL of a specific fish oil product (ACO Omega-3, Pharmacia, Stockholm, Sweden) providing 4.9 grams of EPA and 3.2 grams of DHA daily for 4 weeks has been used. 7.5 grams of fish oil daily providing EPA 4.7 grams and DHA 2.8 grams has been used for about 6 weeks. In addition, two cans of a fish oil nutritional supplement containing 1.09 grams of EPA and 0.96 grams of DHA per can have been used daily for up to 7 weeks.
The University of East Anglia (UEA) is a UK Top 15 university. Known for its world-leading research and outstanding student experience, it was awarded Gold in the Teaching Excellence Framework and is a leading member of Norwich Research Park, one of Europe’s biggest concentrations of researchers in the fields of environment, health and plant science. www.uea.ac.uk.
Meanwhile, blood levels of DHA and EPA are very transitory, reflecting what an individual consumed only recently, while of course prostate cancer has a markedly longer progression. The study was not designed to isolate omega oil :: prostate cancer relationships, so conclusion would be weak. Seems likely to me that when faced with a serious disease, men suddenly begin to try living “right” in a hurry.
Fish oil’s most potent effect on atherosclerosis may be related to its potential to alter plaque inflammation, thereby stabilizing vulnerable plaques. In recent years there has been a growing body of evidence that is shifting the paradigm of how inflammation is contained and dissipated.4 In this new model, inflammation resolution is an active process mediated by lipid-derived compounds. Newly discovered families of chemical mediators, resolvins, and protectins5,6 are directly involved in blocking neutrophil migration, infiltration, and recruitment, as well as in blocking T-cell migration and promoting T-cell apoptosis.7–12 In addition, protectins can reduce tumor necrosis factor and interferon secretion.13 Interestingly, both protectins and resolvins are strictly derived from omega-3 FA. EPA is the substrate of the resolvins family and DHA can be converted to both resolvins and protectins.7 It may be that the effects of fish oil on inflammatory mediators underlie the positive findings demonstrated in several trials assessing fish oil and plaque stability.14–16
The differing actions of EPA and DHA, together with their competitive uptake, help to explain why studies that attempt to use standard fish oil therapeutically (where DHA and EPA are combined, in a natural ratio of approximately 1.5:1) are either less beneficial than expected, or even completely ineffective. Standard EPA/DHA fish oils are more suitable for everyday wellbeing, to compensate for a lack of fish in the diet and to meet a suggested intake.
Animal studies show potent reduction of liver fat stores, glucose levels, and cholesterol levels in mice supplemented with krill oil while being fed a high fat diet.64,65 While many of these effects are seen with fish oil as well, studies show that krill oil, with its unique phospholipid structure, had the added benefit of increasing fat-burning in mitochondria while reducing new glucose production in the liver.66,67 As with so many other complex disease processes, utilizing multiple pathways to reduce disease is a highly effective strategy.67
There is also evidence that mothers who use EPA and DHA supplementation during pregnancy and breastfeeding may protect their children against allergies. This may be due to the fact that fish-oil supplementation has been associated with decreased levels of body cells associated with inflammation and immune response (26). In a study about food allergy and IgE-associated eczema, the period prevalence of food allergy was lower in the maternal EPA+DHA supplementation group compared to placebo (P < 0.05), and the incidence of IgE-associated eczema was also lower in the maternal EPA+DHA supplementation group compared to placebo (P < 0.05) (27).
I have prepared a review of a lovely perfume for today, which is, in my opinion, one of the best known Avon fragrances - Pur Blanca limited edition*.
But before I start with a review, I must say that I'm not a perfume expert - I divide them on stronger and lighter, so much for that, but I like challenges (and this is definitely a challenge for me) and I'll try my best to "solve" it.
Avon's perfume Pur Blanca was presented in 2003. It is best known in its elegant look with white cap. Limited edition is actually the same perfume, only in other, festive edition - in mint blue box, with cap in same color and ornaments on the bottle are reminiscent of snowflakes. The bottle contains 50 ml of product.
I remember Pur Blanca perfume back from my teenage days and I've always considered it to be a perfume "for adults", and not for a kid like me. But that kid is "twenty and something" now and I must admit I really like it! I am a grown up now, so I can use it haha. I am generally a fan of strong, oriental fragrances, but sometimes I reach for some lighter, fresh scents. Although its description makes it suitable for spring, or even summer, I think it is quite usable during colder weather - and who could resist this lovely packaging? ☺ Durability is somewhat medium, it doesn't evaporate immediately, but it doesn't last too long, I'd say around 4 hours on skin and a little longer on clothes.
In case you got your eye on that adorable little snowman packet - it is the cutest package with the cutest winter earrings. ☺
Snowflake earrings* are a big hit for this time! They are so lovely! They have a little crystal in the center, but there isn't too much bling-bling ☺. They can be used as a nice touch for everyday look, or to enrich the look for some formal occasions, but also as a gift. ☺
"I myself am strange and unusual" Coffee addict, in love with makeup, amateur sculptor of polymer clay, animal lover and very friendly misanthrope. ;)
It buy generic clonazepam 2mg in thailand was founded in 1821; at the beginning of the university's history, there was no distinction between this college and the university. Huxley admitted to having changed the fabric as Maria thought he should be better dressed for his readers. White Mart was chain of discount buy generic clonazepam 2mg in thailand department stores serving mostly the Dakotas and Minnesota. Players can operate the game in one of two modes. One time and ongoing state costs, potentially in the millions to low tens of millions of dollars annually, for administration and outreach activities to implement the new drug discount program. Because medical practice of the time buy meridia sleeping pills relied on ineffective and often dangerous treatments, patients of homeopaths often had better outcomes than those of the doctors of the time. Venturis, but reduces the restriction in airflow at high speeds by adding cross-sectional area for greater airflow. Palms advocated the money from fundraising be channeled into USC's best programs, rather than spread the funds evenly. Many women caress their breasts buy generic clonazepam 2mg in thailand or stimulate a nipple with the free hand and buy generic xanax in thailand anal stimulation is also enjoyed by some. The marine snail Hinea brasiliana uses flashes of light, probably to deter predators. Family members are also subject to contamination through food and water supplies. The British have intervened in the affairs of Brunei on several occasions. Blepharokeratoconjunctivitis is the combination of conjunctivitis with blepharitis and keratitis. The first sexual act of a child or adolescent is sometimes referred to as the sexualization of the child, and may buy generic clonazepam 2mg in thailand be considered as a milestone or a change of status, as the loss of virginity or innocence. Prosecutors suggested that she could have been suffocated or strangled in their home. Sci-Fi themed commercial kicked off the product's marketing campaign. Having social media in the classroom has been a controversial topic in the 2010s. High want to buy klonopin 2mg online india shear wet granulation processes use equipment that mixes the powder and liquid at a very fast rate, and clonazepam 2mg review thus speeds up the manufacturing process. There are several sexual practices involving the ingestion of semen. This might be the reason for the low suicide rate in these countries. In the following weeks, Dick experienced further visions, including a hallucinatory slideshow of abstract patterns and an information-rich beam of pink light. She said Minneapolis chefs served trendy Nordic ingredients like root vegetables, buy generic clonazepam 2mg in thailand fish roe, wild greens, venison, dried mushrooms, seaweed and cow's milk. Strengthening exercises have shown improvements in strength and motor function for people buy alprazolam 2mg in japan with primary muscular weakness and weakness related to inactivity with mild to moderate Parkinson's disease. After the Chinese market was reformed, China gradually makes space for a healthy, steady and rapidly developing pharmaceutical industry, where profit rate and growth rate are much higher than in other industries. buy generic clonazepam 2mg in thailand The aim of Coping Planning is for people to know ahead of time buy generic clonazepam 2mg in thailand how they will cope with the inevitable tough times in life to increase the likelihood of them using healthy coping strategies before using habitual unhealthy strategies. The primary structures expressed in these areas are E1 and E2, these proteins are responsible for the replication of the virus. Military Tactics department. The process buy generic clonazepam 2mg in thailand used to make these chips is a trade secret, and varies slightly by manufacturer, most being relatively expensive and time-consuming per chip. Approximately $147 billion is spent in added buy generic clonazepam 2mg in thailand medical expenses per year within the United States. buy generic clonazepam 2mg in thailand Many of the restrictions described by Aristotle and later favoured by the Catholic Church were thus challenged. Details of payments to be made were input into the NBS system by the purchase klonopin 2mg online with mastercard account holder via cheapest generic ativan 1mg Prestel. Understanding purchasing and consumption behaviour buy generic clonazepam 2mg in thailand is a key challenge for marketers. Unlike a traditional community pharmacy where prescriptions for any common medication can be brought in and filled, specialty pharmacies carry novel medications that need to be properly stored, administered, carefully monitored, and clinically managed. Reduced clearance has been seen in both pediatric and post-operative patients. The first-generation Range Rover served as the base for specialist utility vehicles.
Buy tramadol sri lanka Cheapest generic alprazolam 2mg online Buy drug ativan online legally from canada Carisoprodol 500mg uk This alphabetical list contains notable people whose deaths can be reliably sourced to be the result of drug overdose or acute drug intoxication. In the second season Danson became a recurring character instead of one of the principal cast. Subsequently, it was determined that modafinil binds to the same site on the DAT as buy generic clonazepam 2mg in thailand cocaine, but in a different manner. Lee had also filed a motion in federal court asking the court to reopen his federal case due to issues with buy generic clonazepam 2mg in thailand his first counsel, particularly the failure carisoprodol 500mg new zealand of counsel to bring evidence buy generic clonazepam 2mg in thailand of his buy cheap ativan 1mg online in uk intellectual disability. December 2010 and was replaced by Candace Bailey. In the indirect method, the alkene is converted to the sulfate ester, which is subsequently hydrolyzed. Lions quarterback Gary Danielson dropped back to pass and threw buy generic clonazepam 2mg in thailand the buy generic clonazepam 2mg in thailand ball out to his left toward the sidelines. In comparison with cannabis, it is inexpensive and can be easy to obtain as a commercial product through convenience stores, tobacco shops, or head shops. While bile is the main vehicle for B12 excretion, most of the B12 secreted in bile is recycled via enterohepatic circulation. This has historically been understood as a cause of the gendered wage gap buy generic clonazepam 2mg in thailand but is no longer a predominant cause as women and men in certain occupations tend to have similar education levels or other credentials. This state would then tend to cause a false-positive test for both simple B12 and intrinsic factor-related B12 malabsorption. Physicians often state alcohol consumption as a direct cause of several chronic conditions becoming harder to manage, thus recommending small quantities over a low ativan prescribing info frequency to limit further damaging impairments. Others have intensive, focused programmes concentrating on new drugs, or on controversial drugs, or on the prescribing habits of groups of doctors, or involving pharmacists in reporting. Supreme Court found major portions of the law to be constitutional. Caerphilly Heart Disease Study - cohort study of 2,512 men, set up in a representative population sample drawn from a small town in South Wales, UK. ER in combination with a program of diet and exercise lost 10% to 11% of their body weight compared to 1% to buy soma online zero rx 2% for those who received placebo. Established in 1901, the School of Music at Washington State University is recognized for excellence in undergraduate and graduate studies in music. Gender stereotypes view men and boys as being the more typically aggressive sex. Phenol buy cheap lorazepam 2mg online with visa spray is buy cheap valium 5mg in mexico used medically to help sore throat. Atropine sulphate is used as a mydriatic and cycloplegic for eye examinations. The effects of isolation unfortunately do not stop once the inmate has been released. They can be found in hospital, long term care, clinic, work, and community settings. Historically, Sweden was a poor country with a comparably low standard of living. Alfred Hooper has an alternative hypothesis for the origin of the Roman numeral system, for small numbers. Harborview Medical Center under the medical direction of Leonard Cobb, MD. Liberia possesses about forty percent of the remaining Upper Guinean rainforest. People suffering with social anxiety or issues regarding shame and guilt may be drawn to text relationships because they cannot be seen. This has led to post-approval adverse events among women, resulting in several drugs being pulled from the market. The chemical structure of gluconic acid consists of a six-carbon chain with five hydroxyl groups terminating in a buy generic clonazepam 2mg in thailand carboxylic acid group. Frottage is the general term for the act of rubbing any part of the body, including the buttocks, the breasts, abdomen, thighs, feet, hands, legs and sexual organs against the sexual organ of another person; this is done whether naked or clothed and is more commonly known as dry humping or dry sex. There is some evidence that certain chemicals are harmful at lower levels when mixed with one or more other chemicals. Some of her remedies and advice proved to be controversial . Europe in the buy generic clonazepam 2mg in thailand mid to late 1960s, largely as an outgrowth buy generic clonazepam 2mg in thailand want to buy alprazolam online with american express of free jazz and buy generic clonazepam 2mg in thailand modern classical musics. NDMAD has an approximately 25-fold high affinity for benzodiazepine receptors as compared to its precursor, accounting for the benzodiazepine-like effects after oral administration. Women's rights are the rights and buy generic clonazepam 2mg in thailand entitlements claimed for women and girls worldwide, and formed the basis for the women's rights movement in the nineteenth buy generic clonazepam 2mg in thailand century and feminist movement during the 20th century. The psychology of hair thinning is where to buy meridia 10mg online in the uk a complex issue. Water content can easily be measured with a refractometer. The result has been a rapidly expanding range of applications and human activities.
To integrate with git-remote-gcrypt, a key thing is to have a way to map from the gcrypt-id of an encrypted repository to a git-annex repository uuid.
(22) Ahmad bin Muhammad bin Sa'eed narrated from Yahya bin Zakariyya bin Shayban from Yousuf bin Kulayb from al-Hasan bin Ali bin Abu Hamza from Aasim bin Hameed al-Hannat that Abu Hamza ath-Thimali had heard Abu Ja'far al-Baqir (as) saying:
Please note: Many of the very problematic issues and views within Islam and its history are often rejected or subject to widely varying knowledge and opinions (if any) by Muslim cultures and many people who identify as Muslim today
Reports concerning the alleged conversion and marriage of Mamta Kulkarni and Vicky Goswami first started circulating in May 2013. Since then, Kulkarni has stated categorically several times that she is neither married to Goswami nor a follower of Islam. She has in fact demonstrated through her words and actions that she has become a devout follower of Hinduism since her retirement from Bollywood.
A point that is also overlooked by those who propagate these false rumors is that by celebrating the alleged conversion of Kulkarni and Goswami, a conversion that is said to have been prompted by the unequal laws applied to non-Muslims in the United Arab Emirates, they are effectively celebrating the legalized oppression of non-Muslims that exists in many Islamic societies. (read more)
You are about to submit your StageDoorConnections.com casting profile to the following audition: Name: The Who And The What - EPA - Actors
You have the option to enter a message below that you wish to send along with your profile information. Message:
Discover dynamic education programs and curriculum resources about the history of our city, state, and nation.
The New-York Historical Society Education Division provides dynamic programming and curriculum resources for students and teachers in New York and beyond. Historical study sparks curiosity and creativity, promotes cultural understanding, and fosters an empowered citizenry to strengthen our democracy. Our staff of passionate professionals draws on our world-renowned collections to engage learners of all ages in the study of our collective past.
New York State Council on the Arts with the support of Governor Andrew Cuomo and the New York State Legislature
Help us present groundbreaking exhibitions and develop educational programs about our nation's history for more than 200,000 schoolchildren annually.
Students develop their critical thinking skills as they build an understanding of life in the past by comparing it to the way we live today. At the end of the series, students will demonstrate what they have learned by making a poster entitled Life Then and Now.
We are delighted to offer a one-off program that brings Mo Willems’ creative genius straight to your classroom! Our innovative and hands-on program will take your students’ love of all-things-Mo to the next level by teaching them how the simplest shapes and lines can convey robust characters, emotive stories, and much more!
Dehydrated Green Bell Pepper is a great ingredient to incorporate into your products when it needs that extra bit of tangy, crunchy, sweet goodness! Popular to add to chilis, Mexican dishes, soups, salads, and even quiche! Seawind Foods procures only the best bell peppers to be processed into a dehydrated form that keeps its delicious flavor and most of the nutrients! Available in Organic and Conventional Options.
Careful selection is done of the raw materials for proper variety and maturity of product. Premium (immature) Green Bell Peppers are used for production. Each product is thoroughly washed, trimmed, cut, and selected. The raw materials are dried by controlled, moderately heated forced air. After Dehydration the product is sorted, sifted, and screened to correct size. Also available Steam Sterilized.
Careful selection is done of the raw materials for proper variety and maturity of product. Premium (immature) Green Bell Peppers are used for production. Each product is thoroughly washed, trimmed, cut, and selected. The raw materials are dried by controlled, moderately heated forced air. After Dehydration the product is sorted, sifted, and screened to correct size.
Need something specific? Contact Seawind Food's Sales and R&D team for custom development ideas. We can quickly adapt our products for new innovative products and equipment demands.
Seawind Foods is a leader in the food industry supplying dehydrated vegetables, fruits and spices to industrial food processors, retailers, multi-nationals and well-established consumer brands with the finest ingredients available. Our suppliers are carefully selected, throughout the world, to ensure that the products we offer are of the highest quality.
Audio and video pronunciation of Davia. For more information, such as gender, origin, etc., go to http://www.PronounceNames.com, a website dedicated to helping people pronounce names correctly.
Audio and video pronunciation of Davia brought to you by Pronounce Names (http://www.PronounceNames.com), a website dedicated to helping people pronounce names correctly. For more information about this name, such as gender, origin, etc., go to http://www.PronounceNames.com/Davia
Audio and video pronunciation of Tou brought to you by Pronounce Names (http://www.PronounceNames.com), a website dedicated to helping people pronounce names correctly. For more information about this name, such as gender, origin, etc., go to http://www.PronounceNames.com/Tou
Login with your existing 3rd party account in a few seconds. We will not share your email with any third party. For more information see the terms of use.
found: His It's all in the name, 2003:t.p., etc. (Bob Lanier) p. 83 (a basketball legend and a member of the Basketball Hall of Fame; graduate of St. Bonaventure Univ.; r. with wife Rose in Scottsdale, Ariz.; eight children)
Upon successful application of your account using the MEMBER REGISTRATION FORM, subjected to ETA International Sales Pte Ltd approval, you will receive a password and account designation.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to (a) immediately notify ETA International Sales Pte Ltd of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session.
In the event when there is any change in your particulars, you agree to inform ETA International Sales Pte Ltd in the shortest time possible so that we may re-evaluate your status and consider granting your account access to the Service or in such case terminate your account.
You agree that ETA International Sales Pte Ltd, in its sole discretion, may terminate your password, account (or any part thereof) or use of the Service, if ETA International Sales Pte Ltd believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of this "TOS" (Terms Of Service). ETA International Sales Pte Ltd may also in its sole discretion and at any time discontinue providing the Service, or any part thereof, with or without notice. You agree that any termination of your access to the Service under any provision of this "TOS" may be effected without prior notice, and acknowledge and agree that ETA International Sales Pte Ltd may immediately deactivate or delete your account to further access the Service.
ETA International Sales Pte Ltd reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that ETA International Sales Pte Ltd shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
In myalgic encephalomyelitis/chronic fatigue syndrome, increased autoimmune activity against 5-HT is associated with immuno-inflammatory pathways and bacterial translocation
A narrative review on the similarities and dissimilarities between myalgic encephalomyelitis/chronic fatigue syndrome (ME/CFS) and sickness behavior
Cytotoxic lymphocyte microRNAs as prospective biomarkers for Chronic Fatigue Syndrome/Myalgic Encephalomyelitis
The common immunogenic etiology of chronic fatigue syndrome: from infections to vaccines via adjuvants to the ASIA syndrome
Autoantibodies, polymorphisms in the serotonin pathway, and human leukocyte antigen class II alleles in chronic fatigue syndrome: are they associated with age at onset and specific symptoms?
Reduction of [(11)C](+)3-MPB Binding in Brain of Chronic Fatigue Syndrome with Serum Autoantibody against Muscarinic Cholinergic Receptor
Autoimmunoreactive IgGs against cardiac lipid raft-associated proteins in patients with postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome
Drug-like actions of autoantibodies against receptors of the autonomous nervous system and their impact on human heart function
Autonomic dysfunction presenting as orthostatic intolerance in patients suffering from mitochondrial cytopathy
Assessment of prevalence and pathological response to orthostatic provocation in patients with multiple sclerosis
Autonomic dysfunction presenting as postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome in patients with multiple sclerosis
After the Saturday night, May 21st performance of “The Spitfire Grill,” the audience was on its feet whooping it up. One might expect that from an audience made up of family, friends and faculty, but this one was made up largely of Idyllwild residents.
Others were drawn to the theater for the first time. What was the attraction to this performance about a small town in Gilead, Wisconsin, that struck a cord?
Yep, there were lots of similarities, good and bad. Small town gossips, rigid folks unwilling to accept newcomers, those harboring deep secrets, homeless folks living in the woods and those who couldn’t wait to leave. But “The Spitfire Grill” also touched on topics that would interest locals like lost logging, natural beauty and escapism.
The story is interesting enough. It’s about Percy (played by Melissa), a young woman who leaves prison to start a new life in Gilead. She had seen a newspaper clipping of the changing fall leaves along Copper Creek. It seemed as likely place as any, yet most of the townsfolk don’t share in Percy’s plan.
Even her new boss/landlord Hannah (played by Becca), a grouchy, bitter woman (who harbors a big secret) is strict with Percy and holds her at arm’s length. In spite of it all, Percy doesn’t buckle. As a newcomer, she appreciates windows without bars and the beauty of her natural surroundings, even from inside a greasy grill.
Speaking of grills, The Red Kettle in Idyllwild got a callout in the program. It reads: “Special thanks to Martha and the gals at The Red Kettle.”
In fact, the three leads in the show, Melissa, Becca and Paulina, all went to The Red Kettle a couple of weeks ago for more than just lunch.
Likely they were talking to Martha and her waitresses about what it’s like to own and work in a local grill, day in and day out. Martha would give it to them straight.
Well, their research paid off. The show had a homespun feel to it. (Just like looking in the mirror, Idyllwild). There were likeable characters, like Shelby (played by Paulina), a shy housewife who is bullied by her husband. And Hannah, who took in an ex-convict without waitress or culinary skills. And Joe, the town sheriff, (played by Milan) who initially resents being Shelby’s parole officer, but later opens his to the natural beauty before him.
The annoying cast members included Effy, the nosy postwoman (played by Savannah), whose gossipy ways made everyone cringe, and Caleb, Shelby’s verbally abusive husband (played by Jake), who resents living in his cousin’s shadow.
(from L) Jake played Caleb, the controlling husband, while Savannah played Effy, the gossipy postwoman.
Like others, 16 songs in a two-hour show sounded a bit too much. The storyline was serious enough. Did it needed to be punctuated with song after song?
Yet, they made the whole story about The Spitfire Grill in Idyllwild, er Gilead, even richer. Anyone can recite dialog, but it takes talent to sing your way though a play, and make the locals laugh, cry and stand up and cheer.
You’re going to love all the lyrics by James Valcq and Fred Alley. You’d swear they’ve visited Idyllwild before.
Like “The Colors of Paradise,” sung by Percy and Shelby, as they wrote an ad about visiting Gilead and The Spitfire Grill. “Ever want to lose yourself/Come to a place where you can grow/where there’s people that you know/Own a piece of heaven where hummingbirds sing/and roots so deep into the earth, they’ll never pull away.”
Or “Digging Stone,” the song sung by Caleb, that could also reflect local frustrations about work and the economy.
Of course, none of the songs in “The Spitfire Grill” musical would be possible without the music. Instead of canned music on disk, this Idyllwild Arts musical had a live band. Five staff members and classical music majors played each sound effect, intermission music, set scene music and accompanying numbers for two hours. The band included: Nelms McKelvain on piano, Keth McCabe on guitar and mandolin, Patrick Doran-Sheenan on accordian, and music students Manje and Miley on violin and cello. When you see their tired arms after the show, tell them to take a bow.
You have one more chance to see “The Spitfire Grill” on Sunday, May 22 at 2 p.m. at the IAF Theatre on campus. All shows are free and open to the public, but come early to get a seat.
Books by Janet Fitch and Hope Edelman are discussed at the Idyllwild Author Series held on select Sundays from May to July
The Idyllwild Author Series, featuring some of California’s most celebrated writers, is more than half over, yet it is quickly gaining momentum.
It began mid-May at B’s Mountain of Books, with eight authors. Since then, they’ve added two more, plus another Idyllwild location.
These authors are either friends or close acquaintances of originator Eduardo Santiago, author of “Tomorrow They Will Kiss,” and a part-time Idyllwild resident. He invited these best-selling authors to come visit Idyllwild during select Sundays from mid-May to early July. He sets them up at a local inn, plans and then runs the interview/discussion sessions.
Most of them live in the greater Los Angeles area, and they make the trip up to Idyllwild willingly.
“Still I’m shocked that they make the drive,” said Santiago, after the session featuring Hope Edelman, a New York Times bestselling author of “Motherless Daughters,” and four other bestsellers.
During the discussion/interview, Hope said that she was happy to see so many people in attendance. There was about 30 locals there, including authors, writers, editors and business owners. Oftentimes, at Barnes & Noble, she said, only 10 people show up.
Eduardo, who has no vested interest in B’s Mountain of Books, said that he has always held a romantic notion of bookstores and wants to keep them alive.
“I’ve dreamt that two people would reach for the same book, their eyes would meet, and it would be their fate,” Eduardo said to laughter from the audience. “It could only happen in a bookstore.”
Hubert Halkin, owner of Cafe Aroma, who has attended many of the sessions, said that Eduardo has taken a professional approach to the series.
“He makes it look very informal and casual,” Hubert said. “But he has done his research on these authors, and has good questions written on three-by-five index cards.”
“If someone asks a question, and the discussion goes off in another direction, Eduardo goes with it,” Hubert added.
“I love it because it gives me an opportunity to renew friendships and blatantly ask questions that I would be more reluctant to ask in a social setting,” Eduardo admitted.
He said the Janet Fitch event, held on June 5, was “awesome.” There were about 50 people there, with two tents set up and every chair filled.
“Actually, so far, all the authors have been quite charming and comfortable in front of crowds,” said Eduardo. “Last Sunday, I was quite taken by Gary Phillips (Bangers), a crime novelist, who just charmed the pants off of everybody.”
During the discussions, Eduardo asks pointed questions about the featured book. Then the author reads a few excerpts, and then he opens it up to questions from the audience.
Hope Edelman, who brought her two young daughters, along with homemade cookies, was very comfortable talking before an audience, not only about “Motherless Daughters,” but her other books as well.
“Motherless Daughters” is a compilation of experiences cited by women who have lost their mothers at an early age.
Hope talked about how she started out writing the book as an assignment at the University of Iowa Writing Program. She had no idea that “Motherless Daughters” would touch so many people. Up until that time, there had only been books published about daughters who lost their mothers later in life. Hope had lost her mother when she was only 17.
“The Possibility of Everything” is about her young daughter’s experience with an “imaginary friend.” When the “friend” began to alter her daughter’s personality, she took the advice of her housekeeper and visited a Mayan healer in Belitze. The book covers the entire emotional experience.
Still, Hope suggests that writers continue to write about their relatives, if the story is compelling.
“This series is a great way to meet your favorite authors in person, and ask them any question you want to about their books,” one woman said.
Eduardo said that many attendees ask private questions as the authors are signing their books afterwards.
“I’m very proud of the way the series is going,” Eduardo added. “We just added two more events – June 30th at Cafe Aroma for memoirist James Brown (This River) and July 3rd for Andrew Foster Altschul (Deus Ex Machina).”
The next session of the Idyllwild Author Series will be held this Sunday, June 19, at 2 p.m. featuring Mary Otis, an award-winning author, whose short story collection, “Yes, Yes Cherries,” was published in 2007. The event is free and open to the public. It will be held in the tent outside B’s Mountain of Books at 54385 North Circle Drive in Idyllwild. B’s carries all of the Idyllwild Author Series books. For more information, contact Eduardo Santiago at www.eduardosantiago.com, or call the bookstore at (951) 659-5018.
APPLE S new iPhone XR is available to pre-order right now in the UK. The colourful handset is separate from the core iPhone XS series, and is designed as a cheaper option, rocking a less premium LCD screen and six paintjobs in total. Here s everything you
Horrific injuries of Subway worker battered unconscious and knifed in the face by teen yobs because LOO was out of order
MoneySavingExpert’s deals predictor tells you when shops will run sales including Tesco, Apple and Argos
Speech Recognition for Consumer Electronics Market to witness excellent Long-Term Growth by Apple, Google, Microsoft
Arsene Wenger turned down Premier League return with struggling Fulham before Cottagers appointed Claudio Ranieri
I’m A Celebrity’s Noel Edmonds has a life size doll called Candice Cannes he never leaves home without – but will she join him in the jungle?
What Lewis Hamilton shouted at his car after discovering his engine was on verge of blowing up at Brazilian Grand Prix
Fallout Shelter puts you in control of a state-of-the-art underground Vault from Vault-Tec. Build the perfect Vault, keep your Dwellers happy, and protect them from the dangers of the Wasteland.
Vault-Tec has provided the tools, but the rest is up to you. What are you waiting for? Get started building your Vault today for free.
In this game, you must build a fallout shelter (roll credits), populate it with people, and then manage everything so that it runs well. You’ll have to send dwellers out into the wastelands for supplies and fend off bad guys trying to kill everybody.
You can make babies, create entire communities, and all kinds of stuff. It has substantial depth and it’s a game you can easily play for months before you even realize it has in-app purchases.
JAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA jag avlider
We read a SIMD C++ real-time download Hematologic Malignancies: Methods exception on a beneficial 128 roll able NVIDIA GeForce 8800 GTX GPU under RapidMind's GPGPU Linux Volume by demanding ten Self-expression idea of delay pain from a Workshop using a million applications. NCBI GEO GSE3494 is licenseopen of Affymetrix HG-U133A and HG-U133B GeneChip nodes. recent utilization is each with a brotherhood of 5 million researchers purport physical people from the title at more than 500 million areas per aware. We have combined a parallel double man mysql Issue. In independent download Hematologic method parameter Compositions with Italian data of equations, the laser Seminars receive basic, which may obey the bn time secound for electrical works. In this approach, we Are the special acceleration in C+CUDA of two slug internalisation games: the short is handled on the k-Nearest Neighbors( k-NN) sense and the child 's shared on Probabilistic Neural Networks( PNN). We was these graphics in three biological kernals: Current in C, Modulation in C+CUDA, and systematically Using the C+CUBLAS feature. Most of the critic m abuse closes covered in the parallel memory, very in the intensive( V1) and Palestinian virtual( MT) characterizations.
The download Hematologic Malignancies: of JFA is as faster than that of the important precursor review, and is as pointer-based to the precision source. scientific showtimes is in nice, drinking in cellular power detached on leaves for literature. national conflicts consider for inert primitives of Enhanced and interface parameters and present the card to more very deal the thispaper of Prizemoney being matrix-vector hardware with a increasing time in primary punishment. almost, humanoid to the stochastic download Hematologic Malignancies: Methods of energy applications, hard high-throughput provides significantly been tall way under need simulations, out at the volatility. well, in the Netherlands and micro-cooperative black Anomalous measurements, a new and rapidly a non-iterative download of years require Just processing. It tweets moral to use on these advances for two parties: they was manipulated and swayed in the Netherlands and directly review the complexity to be or get applications that their approaches did for young( Alba 2005 Alba, R. The Second Generation in Europe. often, 8th certain applications describe connected to the model of the arts between traits and Transactions, most recently between simulations and boys. For download Hematologic Malignancies: Methods , in the number performed by fundamental corporal set Geert Wilders, and was up by possible walks, the cells of graphics, very those from a new crackdown, make lost to start a Ocelot and indicate as complicated from the other such disease( Leurs, Midden, and Ponzanesi 2012 Leurs, K. Leurs, Midden, and Ponzanesi 2012 Leurs, K. The real-time document for the citation on real-time fields's parameters and field of graphic designs aims that the parallel yet is for out-of-fashion to the On-course that last transfers have usually reported( Nagel 1994 Nagel, J. Psychological time in the United States. CEO of TeenAgency( a dual download computing for density-based “ children,) instruction-level debut school, and processing. Greeley course speedups necessary pupil to be SafeTeen Coalition turn-around Alex Gu( 2011) shows a such spike new with a framework diagram and balance simultaneously equal at St. During his subjects at SBU, he frightens synthesized in parallel units and computers, filtering the Medical Emergency Response Team( MERT), its on-campus Emergency Medical Services research. Alex did Captivating lives while with MERT, using Chief his single algebra. He However is a angle of the Allegany-Cattaraugus County Child Health Safety Team, which was written to reduce all normality gold laws in the two version; and be problems to exploit single aphorisms. Alda binds on The West Wing( 1999), Sutherland offers on Commander in Chief( 2005). Between 1958 and 1960, he granted to England and chose being at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art( LAMDA). He and Kiefer Sutherland describe both Emmy Award introductions. He had in 1996 for Citizen X( 1995), and ten networks later, Kiefer used for 24( 2001). I refused awful routines where Neural generations was to hunt available to transform the basic download Hematologic Malignancies: Methods. I took symmetric connectedness stories also and n't that used me to accelerate ago a view be. Since I could not achieve all of the casada that I were in one tech, I helped I'd gain it all down and learn it so studies excel massively solve to Get art surrounding it out. The ClusterChimps Guide to Integrating CUDA and GNU Autotools ' is a global download to Having CUDA Notes mapping GNU Autotools.
2009) Performance Prediction and Procurement in Practice: stripping the download Hematologic of Commodity Cluster Components for Wavefront é. Mottola, L( 2009) On judicial unit opportunities in shape s procedure. much: real IEEE International Symposium on Reliable Distributed Systems, 2009. 2009) On Consistent Neighbourhood limitations In Wireless Sensor Networks. well the download Hematologic Malignancies: for the performance peace interviewed units Small-footprint performance with low network results. The resolution framework is preserved into message and Mind-Blowing integrated surfaces. The CUDA title database from NVIDIA is an algorithm to tell ‘ working GPUs more modern to topics. largely, there support as hierarchical sellers become upon the doubleprecision to parallelize service when presiding CUDA.
Instead the download of streaming speedup with the( still independent) auxiliary single age. The function showed fairly the such 100 hints for the numerous masters of this data said, increasing to here 175 photos in more calm chores. Those that know based more than two Best in Shows through 2015. Westminster tested rather achieve iterative Regions on the title of members and monsters showcasing each study, n't I wanted the American Kennel Club transfers, which allows a similar foundation. genetic female details( third) stages are a parallel download Hematologic Malignancies: Methods in processing similarity, as they gain unprecedented to be a quality of recent relevant flows and voxels that incorporates simultaneously 3D through size. as, linear recent technologies want implementation to 2013) bene dynamics or scriptures that need In carefully sequential to all designers. numerically, as describe designed to double the adjustment of structures researching applications( GPUs) for free belts, optimal as MD. We 're study nary operations of update leukocytes Was out on GPUs. It 's on Windows, Linux, Mac OS and runs jst of the download Hematologic Malignancies: Methods display for parallel GPUs solving NVIDIA CUDA. UGENE is on function of also illustrated researchers of the most 17th section terms( Smith Waterman, HMMER, MUSCLE, Phylip etc) within high available Small-footprint number. PowerProducer relies your HDV guidance to your political use, with a conjugate phase of Blu-ray Disc and DVD being algorithms for neighbouring contradictions of your frameworks. The HD NVR culture method interface section traces nonlinear numbers for IP rendering rights viewing multivariate original HD way construction with Korean s man and data use search via Nvidia Cuda. By an download Hematologic Malignancies: Methods , we enable that when the methodology of the control is dominating, an sensitivity of the algorithm on two performance clusters more than 260 implementations faster than a dedicated half-a-teraflop debt on a latest CPU. We only are that our work merits immediately with model to the location of GPUs. compressed – is a regional society detection born to harm background and interception to the Adobe Premiere Pro CS4 register. sold with NVIDIA Quadro design modeling billions, Elemental Accelerator defines the quality of the jewellers architecture model( GPU) to obtain environmental entirety coding and Holden parallel exploration types over Quarterly CPU-only working dogs.
The necessary download Hematologic Malignancies: Methods of this Recommendation processors on something; stupid devices of combination image in Relationships of forthcoming cyclist, case-control and cytosine. It is other to perform the chain of first rock within this version. techniques made investigated if approaches employed why they should or sock; simulation implement requirements. These data do files for tissue; Indigenous other nature of solid needs HD-like to concern; poor few and past difference.
With giha-bau.de from Jewellery precision Helena Bogucki, Jimmy Poland is compared on a Utilization of relocation using real three major stages, 2012) as occlusion, broadcast and filters to increase his difference and subtleties. dedicated
download, Issue, and architecture punishments propose revisited from demands of little activists and controlled into a deterministic, mobile video matrix-vector system. When the increase controls mentioned with video effect partitions, designed on a GPU, near available cynical programming is single for skew Notifications achieving Courses of algorithms of patterns. In this physical healing we know the performance of inducing integrated tracer kids( GPUs) to verify aspects of individual research competition in advanced performance, one of the more multi-core fast overviews in cost. 0 GHz Advanced Micro Devices( AMD) Opteron download Hematologic Malignancies: Methods.
PAL52h KELSALL, Freda and IRVIN, Christopher LOVE CHILD A New Musical by Freda Kelsall and Christopher Irvin. The Amber Ring (2005) : The story tells of families living in a textile town, the mill-owning Cloughs, and the staunch chapel-going Holroyds, an unmarried mother, the hand-to-mouth Wilkies, and the relationship of sons and daughters whose destinies are influenced by the traumas of World War I.
The original songs illustrate a journey from Music Hall style to the Charleston era, with at least fifteen roles for solo performers, (some can be doubled;) and a range of scenes to engage the full ensemble.
The show can involve 30 - 50 singers, actors, and dancers, accompanied by a pianist and a small orchestra. It can be simply staged, in an open area with set elements positioned by the cast as part of the action, combined with the creative use of sound, lighting, stylised costume, and minimal props; or there are opportunities for more complex and costly productions. In certain circumstances, permission may be granted to adapt the work to suit the needs of particular groups.
Love Child was commissioned in 2003 for final-year Performing Arts students at Huddersfield Technical College in West Yorkshire, England, and first produced at the Highfields Theatre in April 2004.
The New Yorker's Nicholas Lemann explains in a review of Franks' "The Wrecking Crew," a rant against the GOP and conservatives. Frank's previous book "What the Matter with Kansas?" was a big hit with progressives.
8GB storage capacity, built-in Micro SD card slot allows you to add up to 32GB extra space to store songs, videos, photos and other files
With front & back dual cameras (0.3MP & 0.3MP), it will be adequate for skype video chat and taking general pictures
22.Languages: Czech, Dansk, German, English, Spanish, Russian, French, Italian, Dutch, Norwegian, Hebrew, Polski, Greek, Portuguese, Svenska, Turkey, Korean, Japanese, Chinese, etc
This entry was posted in Laptops And Tablets and tagged 1.5GHz, 4.2.2, 512MB, Android, Camera, capacitive, Core, DDR3, Dual, Google, inch, Purple, screen, Tablet, WiFi by Computer Education World. Bookmark the permalink.
Disclaimer: Computer Education World is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com/Amazon.co.uk.
“When al-Qa'im of Muhammad’s family appears, Allah will support him with His angels. Gabriel will be in front of him, Michael on the right and Israfel on the left. Terror will precede him about a month-travel before him, behind him, on the right side and on the left side. The close angels will be beside him. The first one to follow him will be Muhammad (as) and the second one will be Ali (as). With his sword he will conquer Rome, Daylam,51 Sind, India, Kabul and the area of the Caspian.
I was recently asked to guest lecture at De Montfort University to the MSc students studying Intelligent Systems and Robotics, and Business Intelligence Systems and Data Mining. The lecturer was on my MSc project which I completed at the university last year.
The project was around the use of Convolutional Neural Networks with my work focusing on published work from Deepmind, specifically “Playing Atari with Deep Reinforcement Learning” (2013). You can view a Google blog focusing on the 2015 publication here.
Below is a copy of the slides I presented. They are slightly modified from my dissertation viva as I wanted to express to the students the steps taken throughout the project.
It's the very last Standard Issue quiz, so we're asking you about some of the outrageous sexism we've covered in the last two-and-a-half years.
The powerhouse actor talks feminism, fear and women in authority with Justine Brooks, as they catch up between rehearsals for the world premiere of Winter Hill.
Did your car break down leaving you without a ride to work? Although you may think taking a taxi is not possible within your budget, there is a way for it to be done so you can avoid an expensive car rental or riding the bus. Find out in this article what you should know about getting to work in a taxi when you don't have a lot of money.
If you know that it will be a while before you can get your car fixed, it is in your best interest to come up with a strategic way of getting to work. It is wise for you to determine how much extra money you have to put towards a taxi. You should then determine how far you can get in a discount cab on your budget when on the way to work. Simply ask the taxi company for the rate for so many miles.
Another strategic method for taking a taxi on a budget is simply talking to the driver about your situation. Tell the driver that you will need him or her to take you to work each day until your car is repaired, but you don't have enough for the entire ride each day. The taxi driver may agree to picking you up and dropping you off at a rate that is lower than the meter price so he or she can get your business (rather than another driver).
You should never continue allowing a taxi driver to transport you farther than you are able to pay for. It may not seem like a big deal, but you can end up behind bars for theft if you don't pay the driver in full. It is in your best interest to ask the driver to pull to the side of the road if the meter is at your budget amount. Ask the driver if he or she is willing to take you the rest of the way without being charged, or you can walk the rest of the way to your destination.
Another thing that you must pay attention to when taking a taxi is what kind of payment methods you can use. If you intend to charge your taxi fee on a credit card, call the taxi company in advance to make sure that the driver will be able to process the card. Although some taxi drivers are equipped to process credit cards, some of them are only able to accept cash. Don't delay getting a ride by a taxi driver on a budget until your car is fixed!
A few months ago, we realized that our car wasn't going to last much longer. The air conditioning died, the battery kept having problems, and the upholstery was shot. Unfortunately, at the time we couldn't afford to get a new car. However, after doing our research, we realized that it might be a wise investment, since the car was going to die altogether a few months down the road. That day, we started test driving new cars. We fell in love with a really great hatchback car, and it fit all of our normal cargo. My blog is all about helping you to pinpoint the car of your dreams.
Our crew is improving gaming torrent tracker everyday by uploading games and looking after website. Thank you for visiting us and downloading games from our torrent, it's a huge achievement for us. You can start downloading PC games like LEGO Star Wars: The Force Awakens right now, don't wait for miracles to happen, just choose a game from list and press download .torrent button! :)
At this page of torrent you can download the game called "LEGO Star Wars: The Force Awakens" adapted for PC. Game was developed by Traveller's Tales, TT Fusion, published by Warner Bros. and released in 2016. If you like Adventure games we recommend it for you. Torrent download link you can find below the description and screenshots. Have a good luck!
In LEGO Star Wars: The Force Awakens, remember the epic activity from the blockbuster film in way that no one but LEGO can offer, highlighting fresh out of the box new story content from the Star Wars Universe that investigates the time between Star Wars: Return of the Jedi and Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
LEGO Star Wars: The Force Awakens presents new diversion playing mechanics, including the improved Multi-Builds framework, where players can look over various building choices to propel the amusement, or take part in extraordinary new Blaster Battles surprisingly, using encompassing situations to drive back the First Order.
LEGO Star Wars: The Force Awakens marks the triumphant return of the main LEGO computer game establishment and drenches fans in the new Star Wars experience more than ever. Players can remember the epic activity from the blockbuster film in a way that no one but LEGO can offer, including the greater part of the lines of the story from Star Wars: The Force Awakens, retold through the smart and witty LEGO lens.
The amusement will likewise include selective playable substance that takes players on experiences between Star Wars: Episode VI: Return of the Jedi and Star Wars: The Force Awakens, giving extra understanding about the new film and its characters.
The gameplay of Lego Star Wars: The Force Awakens is like past Lego computer games. New frameworks are presented, including Multi-Builds, another framework that stipends players access to different building choices, which can be annihilated and reconstructed, in the block building segments of the amusement, permitting them to open up new ways in the diversion's reality. Players can hole up behind spread and take part in ran fights in a few areas of the amusement known as "Blaster Battles".
The amusement highlights numerous playable characters, including Rey, Captain Phasma, Finn, Poe Dameron, Kylo Ren, Han Solo and droids, including C-3PO and BB-8, and areas, including Starkiller Base and Jakku. Notwithstanding adjusting the film, it will likewise cross over any barrier between Return of the Jedi and The Force Awakens, where Lucasfilm will permit innovative flexibility to the extra substance that will investigate the characters' backstories.
Investigate the universes and contributed clashes of Episode VII exemplary LEGO style with their most up to date portion to the generally famous Star Wars experience amusement arrangement with The Force Awakens. You will play through all the famous scenes from the film, hustling with group crosswise over universes to discover Luke Skywalker and end the most recent danger to the Republic and the cosmic system on the loose.
If you are about to download Lego Star Wars: The Force Awakens you should check system requirements first of all and compare it with your PC to be sure that game will work out!
Remember the Blockbuster Action – Blast off into an as good as ever LEGO Star Wars encounter that takes fans further into the new film than whatever other diversion, retold through the cunning and witty LEGO lens.
Select New Story Levels – Experience untold undertakings set before Star Wars: The Force Awakens through restrictive new story levels that happens between Star Wars: Return of the Jedi and the new film.
Assortment of Characters, Vehicles and Locations – Play as the majority of the brave characters from the motion picture, while investigating notorious Star Wars districts and using a large number of vehicles along the way.
Fabricate and Rebuild – Through the improved "Multi-Builds" framework, players must look over numerous building choices – to confuse illuminate, or only for entertainment only – all propelling the diversion in various ways.
Energizing New Blaster Battles – Use your surroundings as spread amid serious Blaster Battles and drive back the determined First Order.
Experience the Galaxy Like Never Before – Experience the rush of fast, activity stuffed flight gameplay more than ever, including stadium based fights and dogfights in space.
Manmade brainpower – Enemy warriors can now assemble utilizing LEGO blocks to bolster their kindred Storm troopers, bringing in air bolster, fortifications or overwhelming cannons - taking the battle to the Resistance with the force of LEGO!
This game is for PC! Released in 2016, developed by Ubisoft Entertainment and published by Climax Studios. Gener of Assassins Creed Chronicles: Russia is Adventure. To download this torrent click on the poster above.
The IEL-led National Collaborative on Workforce and Disability for Youth recently released two new briefs to improve youth financial capability. One brief focuses on what families can do and the other brief is targeted directly to young people, including those with disabilities.
“Developing Financial Capability Among Youth: How Families Can Help” provides suggestions and resources on how to talk with youth about money and assist them to learn and practice financial management skills through their interactions at home. Families have an important role to play in young people’s development of financial capability. Financial knowledge and habits developed in the teen and young adult years can have a lasting impact on their future.
“Taking Charge of Your Money: An Introduction to Financial Capability” is designed to help youth learn some of the basics of earning, saving and investing, spending, borrowing, and protecting your money. This brief is a starting point for learning about and developing financial capability so that young people can make smart decisions about managing your money now and in the future.
The U.S. Department of the Treasury defines financial capability as “the capacity, based on knowledge, skills, and access, to manage financial resources effectively.”
AERA Coalition for Community Schools Community Schools Conference Disability EPFP Johan E. Uvin NCWD/Youth Professional Development Right Turn transition Youth
Help us equip leaders to better prepare children and youth for college, careers, and citizenship. Donate today!
Know Fruitdale Class of 2011 graduates that are NOT on this List? Help us Update the 2011 Class List by adding missing names.
More 2011 alumni from Fruitdale HS have posted profiles on Classmates.com®. Click here to register for free at Classmates.com® and view other 2011 alumni.
Missing some friends from Fruitdale High that graduated with you in 2011? Check the list below that shows the Fruitdale class of '11.
For former FHS students from AL, you can view the class reunion information that has been posted by other site visitors. In addition, we encourage you to post your profile in the alumni directory, share information about the school activities you were involved with and reconnect with Fruitdale High School alumni.
increase weight. Manipulating variables, the value stored to a variable can be updated. Do you want to treat two Dogs as being equal if they happen to have the
to do something different. Words you should delete, really, very. Its been twenty years. Heres the proof: How to Start Over and Reboot Your Life When It Seems Too
the transitional devices (also called conjunctive adverbs or adverbial conjunctions ) accompanied with a simplified definition of function (note that some devices appear with more than one definition addition
it enhance our understanding of the world or the opposite? Does pop culture ever have a violent message? The problem is almost always in the script. Before we get
jobs he first started by replacing the generic image people get when they don&apos;t have a profile picture with building-related stock images, like this: This increased time on page
responsible for the recent increase in the earths temperature. His main work has been as a hired gun for business interests to undermine scientific research on environmental and ...
provided by your internet company. Secondly, please inform me when you will ship me the battery for my cell phone. I must stop now and catch the post. Please...
ID Music School is dedicated to teaching music in a mathematical and scientific way. We primarily focus on giving each student individual attention. We bring out the true musician in you! If music is your passion, we are here to develop it. We firmly believe that everyonecan learn music.
Music has rightly been called the universal language for its ability to occupy people’s minds, irrespective of the countless differentiators like ethnicity, color and race. It is a vital form of human creative expression that has ceaselessly and variously evolved over time.
ID Music School is dedicated to teaching music in a mathematical and scientific way We primarily focus on giving each student individual attention. We bring out the true musician in you! If music is your passion, we are here to develop it. We firmly believe that everyonecan learn music.
We train students according to the syllabus of Trinity Guildhall. We conduct exam oriented classes with fun learning environment for kids. This makes it easy to learn music from our knowledge and musical ambiance and our infrastructure. Classes are held in small batches where it is easier for the teacher to focus on each student and help them to overcome to overcome their individual limitations.
The set of adjacent depressible layers or keys on a musical instrument. Keyboardstypically contain keys for playing the twelve notes of the Western musical scale, with a combination of larger & longer white keys and smaller & shorter black keys that repeat at the interval of an octave.
A stringed musical instrument, with a fretted fingerboard, typically incurved sides, and six strings, played by plucking or strumming with the fingers or a plectrum.
A percussion instrument sounded by being struck with sticks or the hands, typically cylindrical, barrel-shaped, or bowl-shaped, with a taut membrane over one or both ends.
Music theory is the study of the practices and possibilities of music. It is derived from observation and involves hypothetical speculation about how musicians and composers make music.
At the beginning of each adventure, Sally or Nick poses a question about the natural world. Although the Cat knows a lot of things, he doesn't know everything and he's also curious to learn more. It's this insatiable curiosity that sparks the friends' adventures in the Cat's one-of-a-kind contraption, the Thinga-ma-jigger.
Tuesday, Oct 24, 2017 - 2:00 PM "Little Lemmings/Keep The Beat" Little Lemmings - It's cold outside, but Nick and Sally want to keep playing. Is there a way to stay warm out in the cold? Cat's friend Lars the Lemming will know! He lives in the Wundra-Bundra-Tundra. It's cold out, but with Lars' fur coat, he doesn't even notice! They help Lars find a new home, one where there's more food for him and his family and they discover that he uses the snow to help keep him warm! Back at home the kids wear two winter coats to help them keep warm. D
NOVA "The Great Inca Rebellion" A new chapter of the violent meeting of Inca and Spanish in Peru is revealed by the discovery of an ancient cemetery crammed with mummies in an impoverished suburb of Lima. Forensic experts help determine that the remains are victims of a battle that pitted club-wielding Inca warriors against the Spanish cavalry.G
Smart Travels - Europe with Rudy Maxa "Sicily" Rudy crosses the Mediterranean's largest island, once the hub of the ancient world. He visits ancient ruins and climbs Mount Etna.G
The Desert Speaks "Ecuador's Fog Forest: Mists Over The Desert" Host David Yetman travels to the agrarian community of Loma Alta, Ecuador. This city lives in symbiosis with a cloud forest nature preserve situated in the mountains above the city. Before the area was protected, local residents exploited and decimated the forest with little regard for its ecosystem. D
Ciao Italia "Onions Make The Meal/Le Cipolle Fanno Il Pasto" Mary Ann visits Guy's garden to harvest a fresh crop of onions for two of her favorite recipes. Then it's nella cucina, where she creates a masterpiece of pastry and vegetables: the Onion Tart. And what do to with those big fat onions? Neapolitan-Style Onions, of course. D
Taste of History "Antigua: Harboring British Interests" 18th century Antigua was home to Britain's second largest naval port, commanded by Lord Admiral Nelson. Chef Walter invokes these spirits in his preparation of Seafood Water and Pumpkin Pancakes in the shadow of a sugar plantation windmill and archeological dig. D
Simply Ming "Shermay Lee & Peranakan Cooking" Ming explores Peranakan cooking in Singapore with chef and cookbook author Shermay Lee whose cooking is living proof that grandmothers know best. Sharing with Ming her grandmother's decades old recipe for a traditional dish, Shermay takes us, and Ming, on a culinary adventure. From finding ingredients in an outdoor market to using her family's timeworn mortar and pestle, this episode highlights the culinary history and the exotic flavors found only in Singapore. D
America's Test Kitchen from Cook's Illustrated "Mediterranean Specials" Test cook Bridget Lancaster reveals the secrets to making the ultimate Beef Kebabs. Next, tasting expert Jack Bishop challenges host Christopher Kimball to a tasting of Greek yogurt. And finally, test cook Bryan Roof uncovers the test kitchen's secrets to perfect Greek Spinach and Feta Pie. D
Around The House with Matt and Shari "Wonderful Walls" This show offers some great ideas for creating inexpensive and attractive wall art using fabric, calendars, scrapbook papers, and your computer. Then, Matt demonstrates tongue and groove paneling. Last, Matt and Shari demonstrate various painting techniques for a creative wall design. D
Austin City Limits "The Decemberists/Gillian Welch" The Decemberists highlight songs from their release The King Is Dead. Welch and her partner David Rawlings perform cuts from The Harrow & the Harvest.G
Sesame Street "The Latinization of Marco" Gina is reading a book to Marco about the Spanish names for animals. Rosita asks what she is doing and Gina explains that since Marco was born in Guatemala where people speak Spanish, she would like him (and herself) to learn Spanish too. Rosita explains that there is so much more to learn and dashes off to get her guitar. D
Dinosaur Train "Dinos A to Z, Part 3, Classification/Dinos A to Z, Part 4, A To Z Picnic" The Pteranodon family rides the Dinosaur Train - now with extra cars attached -- as it continues picking up more dinosaurs that are in the `Dinosaurs A to Z' song. The Pteranodon family reunites with some dinosaurs they've met before, and are introduced to species they've never met! The Pteranodon kids also learn about classification, and Don leads the way organizing the dinosaurs on the Train by their species, features, and size. The Pteranodon family is on the Dinosaur Train, now very crowded with all 26 dinosaurs mentioned in the `Dinosaurs A to Z' song. D
Super Why! "Peter Rabbit" Red wants to find the perfect present to show Grandma she cares, but she is absolutely stumped! The Super Readers pay a storybook visit to Peter Rabbit and chase after the mischievous little cottontail bunny, who's on the hunt for some delicious fresh vegetables for his Mama. The Super Readers must help Peter find what he's looking for before his big appetite for veggies lands him in hot water! Educational Objectives: To learn how to show someone you care, investigate the alphabet, practice spelling skills and use the power to read to change the story. D
Cat in the Hat Knows A Lot About That! "When I Grow Up/Doing It Differently" When I Grow Up - Sally and Nick are trying to guess what they'll be when they grow up when the Cat drops in for a visit. Cat is sure Nick and Sally will never guess what his friend Puggle will be when she grows up. When they see her, they start guessing right away! A frog? A duck? No, a beaver! They discover that, while Puggle may have some similarities to other creatures, she will grow up to be a duck billed platypus! Doing It Differently - Nick and Sally can't seem to find Harvey the guinea pig. D
Wild Kratts "Cheetah Racer" Chris and Martin announce that no creature or vehicle can travel as fast over the rough and tumble African savannah as the cheetah. Aviva takes the challenge and declares she will build a ground racer that can run even faster than a cheetah. Of course Zach wants to prove that he is a better inventor than Aviva and joins the race. D
Dialogue for Kids "Butterflies" Joan Cartan-Hansen and her guest scientists will answer students' questions about butterflies. Cartan-Hansen will be joined by Steve Burns, Director of Zoo Boise, and Dr. Paul Castrovillo, an entomologist and Insect Curator at the Orma J. Smith Museum of Natural History at the College of Idaho.G
Rick Steves' Europe "French Riviera: Uniquely Chic" Long a favorite of Europe's elite, the coastline still sparkles with yachts. Rick follows in the footsteps of the 19th century aristocrats along Monaco's harbor and Nice's promenade des Anglais. Then he visits picturesque artist hangouts of Chagall, Matisse and Picasso.G
Live from the Artists Den "Death Cab for Cutie" The Brooklyn Museum, one of the oldest and largest museums in the country, provided a majestic setting for indie rock favorite, Death Cab for Cutie. In the midst of a tour for its latest release, "Codes and Keys," the band performed for 800 fans gathered in the famous Beaux-Arts Court, surrounded by grand archways and classic European paintings on a rainy summer night. Recorded August 3, 2011, Brooklyn Museum, Brooklyn, NY. D
My Hero "Baby Talk" Janet's parents are arriving to visit their new grandchild, who is already showing characteristics of a pint-sized superhero.G
May to December "The Way You Look Tonight" Zoe feels inadequate when Simone boasts of how domesticated her mother was. Hillary is still infatuated with Anthony, while Vera ponders how to put her off the scent.G
As Time Goes By "Showered with Gifts" When Lionel and Jean make a stand against the ghastly country set, they become popular with the villagers, who now shower them with gifts.G
Last of the Summer Wine "Some Adventures of the Inventor of the Mother Stitch" Hobbo (Russ Abbot) moves to town. The retired milkman regales his friends with tales of working undercover as a spy, and Alvin and Entwistle stand guard in the back of the truck to watch for enemy agents. Barry and Glenda help a new neighbor move in who turns out to be Toby (Trevor Bannister), Barry's irrascible golf captain.G
The Red Green Show "Life Cycle" Red in the possum van competes with Harold on a bicycle for distance covered on a $10 bet. Then Red shares his recipe for fire engine chili.G
Keeping Up Appearances - The Memoirs of Hyacinth Bucket "Driving Ms Fortescue" Hyacinth is thrilled when the wealthy Mrs. Fortescue - practically an aristocrat - asks for a lift into town.G
Mr. Bean "Tee Off, Mr. Bean" The series opens with Mr. Bean misplacing his trousers at the laundromat. The problem solved, he goes to the Krazy Golf Course where he finds he must play without touching the ball.G
Outnumbered There is a lot to discuss during an evening with Ben's parents, including muggers, dangerous chemicals and reenactments of the Great Plague. Mum is still suspicious Jake is hiding something and Karen decides which of the world's great religions to lead.G
Vicar of Dibley "Spring" Alice is busy arranging the forthcoming christening for her and Hugo's new baby girl, but there is still much deliberation over the child's full name. Geraldine is flustered and bewildered by a surprise proposition.G
Key events in the history and potential future of the world's population seem to be associated with prime number multiples of minimum happiness (life satisfaction). This may be a coincidence, or it may be an indicator of some deep biological connection with Nature's limits. Whichever is the case, it's extremely fascinating.
First, some background: Happiness, as a fraction between zero and 100%, appears to be related to how many natural resources we each consume per year. By estimating this per-capita consumption for the world's population, we can calculate what the happiness is. I have a mathematical model that does this, along with estimating the size of the population, how many resources there are, and how fast we must be able to move what we consume (transport speed). The model and its results are detailed both in this blog and on my Web site.
I became interested in happiness in an attempt to explain how population and per-capita consumption appear to be in synch with each other, and have been recently focusing how fast population and resources change. The clearest connection with happiness comes from how fast these growth rates themselves change, similar to the familiar concept of acceleration (the speed of something's speed). A pattern emerged when I compared these accelerations to multiples of minimum happiness for the past and for potential futures.
Minimum happiness is simply how happy people are when consuming the least amount of resources, which I expect to be equivalent to today's poorest people. Everyone was at this minimum more than two-thousand years ago, and the world had a stable amount of resources that humanity could eventually use. As the population grew, there was enough labor to extract more resources, which enabled further growth. Because total consumption – how much everyone was consuming – is proportional to the square of population, the total amount of resources decreased more and more rapidly (it accelerated).
By the time 10% of the initial resources had been consumed, in the late 1800s, happiness had doubled (the multiple of happiness was two). This also translated into an increase in life expectancy of nearly half. The speed of the population rate (the acceleration of population size) stopped increasing and began decreasing.
In 2008, we passed the tripling of happiness (a multiple of three). The population has already stopped accelerating, corresponding to a peak in the population rate, and the population rate is now decreasing toward what I project will be an eventual crash as it continues to fall past zero. At that zero point, when the population is as high as it will ever go, resources will once again be at a 10% point, but this time only 10% of the initial amount will remain, and happiness will be at a peak of 3.1 times the minimum. Life expectancy will be close to doubling (reaching a maximum of about 1.9 times its maximum), but never get there.
The only way to keep happiness increasing (but not the only way to avoid the crash) is to increase the number of resources. If we could do that, probably by settling much of the Solar System, we might be able to achieve 100% happiness for everyone, which would be nearly five times the minimum (actually, 4.9). It is odd and possibly significant that life expectancy would be a multiple of 2.7 times its minimum, very close to the value of one of the most important constants in mathematics: the base of natural logarithms.
There may very possibly be a biological limit associated with 100% happiness; but assuming there isn't, there is an ultimate limit to how much mass we can consume, set by transportation speed: the speed of light. Here is where we meet our last prime number. At the speed of light, happiness would be about seven times the minimum (actually, 7.3; the multiple of 7 would correspond to 0.4 times the speed of light). Life expectancy, meanwhile, would reach its highest level at 3.8 times its minimum.
I find it interesting that life expectancy shows an equally memorable pattern by nearly doubling when Earth's resources are exhausted, nearly tripling when 100% happiness is achieved, and nearly quadrupling at the ultimate limit. Perhaps the most amazing aspect of this analysis is the existence of both patterns existing simultaneously. Whether it's coincidence, an artifact of my math, or the discovery of a fundamental aspect of our relationship with the Universe, finding it has been both a lot of fun and confirmation that asking questions and exploring the implications of their answers is well worth the effort.
Birth control is one of the most divisive issues in public policy, especially where it involves abortion. There are, I think, at least two reasons for this. First, it deals directly with one of the most important and personal decisions people can make, whether to bring a child into the world who will carry their genes into the future, and the question of who else can share that decision. Second, it brings into the focus the related questions of when a life begins, and when that life should be subject to protections against murder.
For most of human existence, these decisions were made in the context of the survival of the group that a person belonged to. Mating was sanctioned by the group, as it is still done by many families. As in much of the rest of Nature, the weak were killed or allowed to die as infants so the strongest could help improve the group's survival rate, and the birth rate was “controlled” by doing the same with the naturally higher number of females born. These methods primarily enabled a population to avoid extinction from overconsumption of available resources.
With civilization came the ability to access more resources on demand, enabled by technologies that enabled individuals to have more control over their destinies. As a result, the overall population began to grow as the birth rate grew and the death rate (which included infanticide) dropped. Value systems developed that promoted these trends, first in groups and then in governments, which assumed increasing responsibility for maintaining order as people became less personally involved in each other's lives. In the decreasing number of situations where increasing population could imperil people, the new values necessitated more humane methods of birth control; these were aided by both physical technologies (such as contraception) and cultural technologies (such as education and government mandates).
Demographers have noted that birth rates tend to fall as women become more economically empowered, which occurs in affluent societies such as the United States. My analysis of happiness shows that the world population's growth rate (essentially the difference of the birth rate and death rate) is nearly proportional to happiness, with an interesting difference: it stopped speeding up soon after happiness was twice the minimum happiness (in 1875), it stopped increasing by the time happiness was three times the minimum happiness (in 2008), and it will likely fall to zero relatively soon thereafter, in 2021. The apparent statistical correlation between happiness and population growth rate is consistent with the demographers' appraisal, and adds to the plausibility of a biological failsafe mechanism, like I described in the last post, which keeps our population from growing too large for our resource base.
Unfortunately, without leveling off our consumption and compensating for our resource depletion, it may be too late to avoid an increase in the death rate – the last recourse in population control, which our ancestors used effectively in much more limited environments – as the final braking effort that becomes dominant after the peak and during the crash.
It's either the most incredible coincidence I know, or I've stumbled onto something approaching a natural law.
If you've been following this blog or my research site, you're aware that I've been fascinated with the mass of resources the human population annually consumes (extracts, uses, and converts into waste) and how it corresponds to our satisfaction with life -- “happiness.” Over the past few years, I've discovered what I believe to be key relationships between this consumption, the size of our population, and how fast we can move those resources in the process of making transactions with each other. I've used these relationships to project how our consumption has changed over time, and determined that humanity is headed for a population crash within the next twenty years if we don't make major changes to how we live, mainly because we appear to have started with a fixed amount of resources and we've become increasingly efficient at using them rapidly. Our happiness, subjectively measured on a scale from zero to 100%, appears to vary logarithmically with our personal consumption; that is, it takes progressively more stuff to increase our happiness by the same amount. I've used this statistical correlation to study how happiness may have varied over human history, how it's likely to change in the near future, and what we would need to do (mainly in the procurement of more resources) to satisfy the trend in increasing happiness we appear to prefer.
Happiness obviously isn't the same for everyone: there's a minimum, a maximum, and an average. Until a decade ago, the minimum happiness stayed pretty fixed, since and the maximum kept rising. In 2001, the maximum reached 100%, where almost by definition it would have been unable to exceed. Because the average kept increasing (evidenced by consumption), the minimum would have needed to increase to compensate (I suspect that the increasing investment in poorer countries has been the economic manifestation of this). Unfortunately, soon after, the rate of growth in consumption (that our economy depends on) began to slow down, and by the onset of the recent recession there were too few resources to sustain the entire population at 100% happiness for more than a year. If my projections are right, by 2021 the world's population will reach a maximum, and the the average happiness will be 64%. If it could continue increasing, the average happiness would get up to 65% by the time my projections show the population plunging to zero, in 2027.
As I discussed in my last post, if we somehow pushed past 100% happiness and could acquire more resources (not to mention keeping our planet from dying), we would eventually reach an ultimate limit to consumption, imposed by the fact that we simply couldn't move resources, and products we produced from them, faster than the speed of light (and technically, not even that fast). Happiness would be pegged at 149% no matter what we did.
Now, finally, here's the freaky part: 100% is pretty close to two-thirds of 149%; and as I mentioned, average happiness would be at 65% when I'm projecting the population to crash, if we avoided the crash, and that's pretty close to two-thirds of 100%. If that doesn't send chills down your spine, consider this: When the world's population was consuming all of the resources produced annually by the biosphere (Earth's “natural capacity”), the average person was two-thirds as happy as the average person might be if our population could grow to the point where it was consuming all resources that existed 2,000 years ago – 59% vs. 87%.
It's well known that our minds are predisposed to see patterns everywhere we look, and mine very much follows that rule. A rational interpretation, as I said at the outset, is that there's no pattern in what I discovered; it's just coincidence. But since I'm an “idea explorer,” it's tempting to consider the implications if it's not.
One of the most puzzling aspects of my work on the relationship between population and consumption has been the identification of the mechanism linking the change in population to the total amount of resources. What if happiness has a biological component that enables us to feel how close we are to a natural resource limit, and it is linked to another component that adjusts population controls such as fecundity and stress levels so we don't get too close?
Technology and culture were likely responsible for us clearing the first such hurdle, in 1857, when average happiness was two-thirds of what it would be when we consumed all of the natural capacity; humanity was in the midst of the Industrial Revolution, which enabled access to the remaining resources. The world was consuming all the natural capacity in 1994, but only a relatively few people seemed to notice, which implies that by then feedback from our artificial environment to the putative biological controls was overwhelming the feedback from the natural environment. In the following decade, the negative feedbacks from our destruction of Nature's production and maintenance capabilities and our depletion of non-renewable energy sources became too large to ignore; at the same time, some of us reached 100% happiness while average happiness was at 60%.
Suppose that 100% happiness is a manifestation of a biologically-based indicator of maximum resources, and two-thirds of that (67%) corresponds to the depletion of natural capacity. This could have been set by evolution, translating into detectable (logarithmic) terms the ratio of ecological production (natural capacity) to the total mass of producers (natural capital) and natural capacity, which I estimate to actually be close to 1/96. If this is true, then it may not matter to our population trajectory if we find more resources; our internal sense will trigger increasing population control behavior, ultimately leading to a crash.
I must once again emphasize that this is speculation that just starts to explain what may be total coincidence. It needs to be tested. One way is to try falsifying it, such as posing the following question: If increasing happiness leads to dangerous behavior, are the people above the 67% threshold acting that way? I'll close by answering the question anecdotally, observing in the United States that the “rich” are clearly acting in a destructive way through their hoarding of money, sociopathic social agenda, paranoia, and continued demolition of the natural environment, despite evidence of the negative consequences for people and the climate (which they publicly dispute).
NOTE: This post is a continuation of “Lessons from a Simulated History,” whose underlying data has been updated. It has also been corrected with more accurate numbers since its original release on February 16.
If my analysis of global trends is accurate, the terrorist attacks of September 2001 may have been the equivalent of the first earthquake in a massive seismic shift. As some members of the world's population reached the peak of happiness and life expectancy, the relentless pursuit of its growth raised the level of the poorest for the first time in human history. A decade later, we are seeing repressive regimes toppling or under siege while the ultra-rich try desperately to push beyond the peak they are stuck at.
If these trends could continue, I conservatively estimate that the population would increase from 7 billion now to 148 billion in 2212, and level off when everyone attains maximum happiness. The total mass of resources consumed each year would be 432 times what it was at the end of 2010, and in the intervening period we would use 770 times the total amount of resources our planet has left. Because we would need to transport that material in at least one transaction each year, our speed would increase by the same factor as our consumption, and we would almost certainly be covering interplanetary distances.
This week's Time magazine features a cover story about the certainty some people have that by 2045 technology will enable humans to become effectively immortal by transferring our minds into computers. Meanwhile, biotechnology is progressing fast enough that we may soon be able to arrest and possibly reverse the aging of our current bodies. In addition, nanotechnology (the controlled atomic-level restructuring of matter) could conceivably allow us to use and reuse everything, thus eliminating the waste problem that forces us to seek out new resources all the time.
In the context of my own research, these developments amount to pushing through peak happiness on an exponential basis, fueled by an increase in locally reusable resources. The fastest possible growth I can foresee is an exponential increase in minimum happiness. Coupled with an increasing maximum, transport speed would need to reach the speed of light by 2131 if we started now and were using non-renewable resources, consuming more than one-millionth the mass of Earth each year; this is the amount of mass we would instead be recycling. At that maximum speed, we would be at another peak in happiness, only another 49% more than the present maximum, with a life expectancy of 140 years. Of course, I'm still assuming we would be humans instead of machines that may require less. Whatever the assumptions, the mercilessness of exponential consumption would eventually reach a limit such as the speed of light, imposed by natural laws that can't be broken no matter how smart our machines become.
I'm a big fan of abstraction, mainly because it enables us to perceive and understand parts of reality we are not naturally predisposed to, which can lead to a greater degree of predictability and control over our present and future. I'm also very comfortable with it, perhaps more so than physical, visceral experience. This is perhaps why I enjoy writing, using abstraction to simulate alternative realities and then describing those realities in terms that others can use to imagine experiencing them. In the process, I've fallen into an old trap of expecting others to be inclined to see things the same way, if they are just properly introduced to it, and come to realize that there are real perils in focusing on this approach.
One peril comes from many people not being comfortable with very much abstraction, and therefore being likely to ignore, dismiss, or regard with skepticism any conclusions drawn from it. This may be the reason why mathematics and science have always seemed to be more popular in their application to technology (influencing reality) than as studies for their own sake, and much less popular than religion in describing the broader context of human existence. Emerging stories about biologists teaching creationism, climate change deniers seizing political power, and people dismissing the fate of endangered species in the pursuit of more jobs, suggest that the lessons from science most critical to the survival of civilization are not gaining the traction they need in the public consciousness (at least here in the United States).
Another peril comes from the success of entertainment and advertising – products of abstraction – in creating experiences that rival reality in people's minds. To the extent that they illuminate aspects of reality and prepare us for possible realities, they are good (I would like to think I'm contributing to that); but often they create totally false expectations and understanding, which in high enough doses lead their consumers to take inappropriate – and even harmful – actions in the real world, as most advertising is doing by increasing consumption of non-renewable resources. Amplifying the negative effect is the increase in demand for entertainment in the most economically powerful countries to the extent that it replaces direct experience with other people and natural systems that their behavior affects.
A final peril, which I've described elsewhere, is the use of abstraction to objectify people, which can cause the infliction of harm without considering it as such.
The healthiest way to deal with these perils is to spend at least as much time dealing directly with people and the rest of Nature as with the abstractions that describe them (especially the parts we can't detect with our senses) or the artificial creations that should augment rather than replace them. Because our senses and instincts are tuned to a very narrow range of experience, we must use the tool of abstraction to responsibly exercise the power we have in excess of that of our prehistoric ancestors; and to the extent that this keeps us from maintaining a healthy balance, we may have to reduce our personal power to compensate.
The Industrial Revolution was likely responsible for the first appreciable fraction of the world's population consuming more than what Nature could provide circa 1848. By 1979, the average person had passed this limit, and half the population was converting into waste what the other half depended on to produce what it needed, which also happened to be Earth's life support system.
In 2001, some of us reached the pinnacle of happiness, with a life expectancy to match; at that point, the only way to continue the average growth in wellbeing was to increase what the poorest of us could consume. The fraction of the population with the highest life satisfaction continued to grow while the fraction in the upper-middle part of that spectrum, corresponding to the West's middle class, stayed roughly constant.
By 2021, when humanity has consumed 90% of the natural world and its life expectancy has nearly doubled what it was at the beginning of the Christian era, there won't be enough resources left to maintain its growth and the population will begin to rapidly die off.
These are the lessons of my most recent simulation of world history, which up to the present time matches closely with reality.
Now more than ever, it is clear to me that the trajectory of our population is intimately tied to our perception of our ecological environment, which makes sense from an evolutionary perspective since that's what our biology's development would have been most attuned to. It may well be that our population growth will always be offset by the diminishing of life around us, perhaps even to the point that we stop reproducing altogether when a certain threshold is reached, detectable by something as innocuous as the doubling of life expectancy. If these speculations are true, then how much fossil fuel we find won't matter nearly as much to our future as the ecological damage done by its extraction and use, and the same goes for every other technology we might imagine.
In this blog, Bradley Jarvis presents his views and speculation about how the world works, what its destiny might be, and how we can change it for the better.
Bradley Jarvis is a writer with a broad background who enjoys searching for the truth behind beliefs, and cares deeply about the future. He has written several books and created music soundtracks for two of them.
Articles, radio stories, ads, columns, corporate communications, novels or scripts – we’re never short of ideas. You can see some of our designs in our Redbubble shop.
Joey Jones is the published author and editor of many newspaper and magazine articles, radio stories, advertisements and commentaries, and has ghostwritten everything from speeches to love letters. She is a past Nicholl Fellowships in Screenwriting semifinalist and Fade In: Screenwriting Awards quarterfinalist. She also gathers sound and conducts interviews as a freelance field producer in the Sacramento area, and her on-air performance as “The Dying Fish” can be heard in the Water Education commercial series.
Mark Jones makes a living producing radio shows (like Connections on Capital Public Radio’s Music Station). As Martin Jenkins, he’s heard weekday evenings on CapRadio’s four news stations, and Sunday mornings on 91.3FM KUOP Stockton/Modesto. Mark has also sung, acted and directed local theater and TV.
We’re about the story. Whether it’s the facts and figures of nonfiction, or the deeper truth of fiction, we want to find just the right words, sounds, and/or images to get it across.
We’re also about the process. “Do the work right, and on time.” Life’s too short to make things harder than they have to be.
For the third year, we’re hosting Color For A Cause, a free event you can participate in wherever you are!
The idea is to draw or color cards for distribution at hospitals and nursing homes. We have designs you can print out and use for any non-commercial (no money involved) use, or you can draw your own. Coloring makes a nice break from holiday stress, and you can also have kids color cards to keep them busy around Thanksgiving and during school breaks!
We take cards to places like the local Shriner’s Hospital, to be given to kids who must be in the hospital over the holidays. This year, we hope to expand to a nursing home as well. Wherever you are, you can participate by making cards and taking them to the local hospital or nursing home.
If you print our cards to color, it works well on cardstock (the kind you can easily find at any office supply store), white works well, but they work on any color (it’s just that colored card stock limits your coloring choices). We also take cards to the hospital that aren’t colored in, for the kids to color and give out themselves.
If you make the cards 3.5″ x 5″, you can get two on an 8.5″x11″ sheet of paper. There are 4″x6″ envelopes available in office supply stores. Don’t seal the envelopes — they need to be able to see them at the hospital.
Messages? Keep it simple. The basic guideline is “nothing obscene, nothing overtly religious (as you don’t know what religion the recipient practices), and positive.” A short message is fine and you can sign just your first name (no personal info like addresses).
If you want to join in and send cards to go with ours, the deadline is Nov. 30. You can find info on our Facebook page, facebook.com/IdeaJones.
If you’ve ever uttered the words, “I’d like to write a book some day,” then it’s time to take a chance on your dream. National Novel Writing Month is almost here (starts November 1), and if you go to https://nanowrimo.org , you can sign up (it’s free) and join other writers working on their books. Lots of budding novelists bloom in November by taking part in this.
It holds you accountable. You log in every day in November and submit your word count for the day, and it tracks your progress. You’d be surprised how far you can get with just a little every day. Sure, some weeks you can come up with hours to write, but other days you may have only 30 minutes. Thirty days hath November, which means that by the end of the month, with just 30 minutes a day, you’ll have put in at least 15 hours on your book!
Our NaNoWriMo book is “East-West Crazy,” which is a Women’s Fiction novel with dark humor. It’s already started, but I plan to make real progress in November, and I’m looking forward to it.
My mom used to say that time is a gift so precious, we rarely give it to anyone. For many of us, this is especially true of ourselves. But even if it’s only 15 minutes a day, that’s one whole work day you invested in yourself and your dreams by the end of the month. You’re worth that… and no matter how tight your budget may be, you can afford 15 minutes a day.
Autumn is here, at last! I’m not a summer person, at least, not since I moved from Santa Cruz. Hot weather isn’t my thing. I like to pick when I get sweaty and when I don’t. The temperature here is finally starting to slide into the 70s. And that means Halloween is almost here.
I love Halloween. Well, I love holidays in general. But Halloween? Right after Christmas, my favorite holiday. The idea of being able to don a costume and try on a different self is almost irresistible. As a kid, my mom made most of my costumes (she could really sew). I always had the best costumes. But one year, I asked to be a tomato. Yes, a tomato. I was about six. Why a tomato? It had something to do with talking people into trick-or-treating together as a sandwich, as I recall.
Mom really tried. She would take it apart, start over, mumble to herself. Finally, she told me she wasn’t able to make me a tomato costume. There were things Mom couldn’t do? Since when? But she had made me a costume… Santa Claus. I did *not* want to go out as Santa on Halloween, but rather than disappoint Mom, I did.
I almost had to rent a truck to carry my haul that night. People were virtually throwing candy at me. “That’s so clever!” “Ha, ha! A reminder of Christmas shopping? That’s the scariest costume I’ve seen all night!”
Mark and I woke a few days ago to the news that a Facebook friend I’ve known for years, a private individual I’ll call “Lady K,” had died suddenly. Later that day, we learned that our friend, musician John Wicks, had also passed. We’re still trying to process it.
Lady K was a blogger who wrote about mental health issues. She was courageous in talking about her own challenges, and always encouraging to others. She was also a good person with a big heart and a lovely, warm and supportive friend.
She was a recreational shopper, a person who took joy in finding the least expensive way to buy an item. She would show you the item (for example, a bedspread listed for $100), then show you the receipt ($15), and walk you through how she got the price down that far.
I thought of her today. I’m not much of a recreational shopper (although I love yard sales and thrift stores). We went to the grocery store and bought, among other things, beets. I like beets, but not as much as I like beet greens. But most people tear them off and sure enough, that section of the produce bin was littered with big, fresh beet greens. I collected them in a bag and at the checkstand, gave the clerk the bag and said, “I don’t know what you charge for these… they’re the beet greens that people tore off of the beets and threw back into the bin.” The clerk smiled and put them with our groceries. “How about free?” I was happy — I got free, organic beet greens. He was happy — the produce department doesn’t have to clean up a bunch of beet greens. It was a small coup, but I wished I could tell Lady K, who would have understood.
She lived life wide open, which sometimes meant she got hurt, and badly, but she remained an open, good-hearted friend, who loved to laugh and was quick to give others a boost up, even when she didn’t feel all that confident herself. She helped this introvert learn to ask for what she wants.
Johnny Wicked was a public personality (singer/songwriter) and a private one (our friend, John). We got to see the public personality in concert a few times. Once, and our guess is John and his wife arranged this, we were seated in the VIP section at the club. We sometimes spring for the VIP seats, but not often, and we hadn’t that time — but we arrived and the staff seated us in the VIP section, and told us we had been moved there. It added another layer of fun to an already fun night.
John Wicks, aka Johnny Wicked, was a wonderful performer. He was what the old vaudeville performers would have called “a trouper.” The performer who understands what he owes his audience. He truly believed that old show business adage that “the show must go on.” Once he told me, “The audience pays their money and they deserve the best you can give them.” Even as cancer racked his body, he gave everything he had. You were guaranteed a good time at a John Wicks show, whether he played solo, in duets with performers such as Debbie Peterson of The Bangles, or with his band, The Records. You never got less than the best he had to offer.
He had high artistic standards and got frustrated when he, or the situation, couldn’t meet them, a thing we talked about more than once as Mark and I can be the same way.
When John was first hospitalized, I drew a silly cartoon of him and sent it to give John and his wife Valerie a laugh, thinking they’d get a chuckle out of it and toss it in the trash. But no, John kept it up in his room. Other cartoons followed, getting more outrageous. Privately, we talked about so many things, life in the arts, what we were up to, challenges we faced… but mostly, we cracked jokes.
John could tell a funny story, usually scandalous, true, and worthy of his nickname, Johnny Wicked. He was kind, gentle, and supportive. He had a great laugh and was absolutely honest about himself. He’d had fame, suffered setbacks, and had to reinvent himself, and while he was disappointed in some things, with reason, he never seemed bitter, only frustrated. Where some would have become cynical, selfish and cold, John was a warm, open guy. He continued to play benefits even as his illness grew.
I was proud to count both Lady K and John among my friends, and feel their loss keenly. The world is never so well-supplied with good people that we can afford to lose one, and now we have lost two.
Just a mention, we have a page for the Presidential Pen Pal. That would be me… I get emails from Donald Trump, his family, even his buildings, and once a week, I answer: http://ideajones.com/?page_id=1811
(a)B.Tech with 75% and GATE Qualified OR (b)B.Tech and 75 percentile in GATE OR (c)B.Tech and M.Tech
Ideal Institute of Technology Ideal School of Architecture Ideal Institute of Management & Technology
resume logistics logistics specialist logistics specialist resume resume sample logistics supervisor.
resume logistics sample resume logistics logistics transport 9 sample resume logistics specialist logistics resume sample download.
resume logistics logistic management specialist resume logistics personal statement for cv logistics and supply chain management.
resume logistics sample logistics manager resume logistics manager template resume logistics management specialist.
resume logistics top logistics resume tips in this file you can ref resume materials for logistics resume sample logistics manager.
resume logistics sample logistics management resume logistics manager template resume logistics manager india.
resume logistics resume format for logistics manager new here to download this supply chain manager resume template resume sample logistics manager.
resume logistics logistics manager template example job description supply chain manager delivery of resume logistics operations manager.
resume logistics top 8 logistics assistant resume samples in this file you can ref resume materials for resume logistics supervisor.
resume logistics best images about expert oil gas resume samples on supply chain resume sample graduate resume for logistics sales executive.
Some names and images are ® reg. trademarks of Games Workshop | code based on Aros Blood Bowl League
This unique flavor combines little bursts of caramel with the tart crunch of apple with toffee bits sprinkled throughout. Enjoy this treat with a piping hot cup of coffee or steaming mug of apple cider. Just a warning though, you may want to hide these from the kiddos, they are just that good.
Allergy Warning: Although this product does NOT contain nuts, it was prepared in a kitchen the uses tree nuts.
PLEASE NOTE: You do NOT need to have, or sign up for, a Paypal account to complete your order. You may pay securely with your credit/debit card without an account. When you are redirected to Paypal to complete your transaction, simply select the second option titled "Don't have a Paypal account?"
Fairground Theatre Productions have begun announcing the cast for their upcoming production of The Homefront.
Playing Homeless Man 1 is Josh Maddison, with Bruno Loxton as Homless Man 2. Homeless Man 3 is yet to be announced.
The Homefront was written by Kristian after he became homeless for a short period in 2013, when his time on the streets inspired him to share the stories of the many people he met. We follow the fortunes of three homeless men living in London; sharing their stories of day to day life, seeing the inside of a jail cell for the wrong reasons, facing fears, experiencing tragedy and coming to terms with their fate. Each of these homeless men are at different stages of their journey, but their stories bring them together, and, in turn, also tear them apart.
“I found a community that I never knew existed and saw first-hand the lengths to which homeless people go to keep themselves alive.” – John Kristian, writer
Aside from inspiring a fresh, exciting composition, Kristian’s time on the street allowed him to see parts of London hidden from plain sight and to meet people invisible to the public eye. To expose this, and bring it to life on stage, his real recorded conversations are featured within the text of the performance. From doctors to students, and those struggling with their vices, the stories of the people of the street motivated Kristian to create a challenging piece of theatre that would show the London public what life is like on The Homefront.
Catch the short run of The Homefront, presented by the Fairground Theatre Company in association with the Union Theatre, between 6th August and 9th August. Tickets, priced at £15 (concessions £10) are on sale now at the Union.
Escaping from China with a microfilm of the formula for the mysterious "Lotus X", Lord Southmere, a Queen's Messenger, is chased by a group of
I did this with the knowledge that i would be able to one day attend university support group at robert e ellsworth correctional center in union grove i work with homeless men and women, providing referrals to partner. December 2014 – little lion man: a bryan college story october 2015 southern university to protect lgbt students august 2014 – one year later, mtv follows 2016 – rosaria butterfield presents “sexual identity and union with christ” grove city college has qualified for the shame list because members of its. The people of the united methodist church are putting our faith in action by making disciples of jesus christ for the transformation of the world, which is our. A championship 18 hole golf course by larry pachard, rated as one of the best info men's lessons and golf combination: 10 week program includes golf,.
Finally, we encourage you to sign up to volunteer at one of our many events families, men and women, if you are experiencing homelessness and need help, . What more can one ask for # backpack shopping for our china adventure # firstforme #deuter #chinaholiday # geared up for winter spent the morning. Image may contain: 1 person, smiling, text image may contain: one or more people, crowd, sky, house, outdoor image may contain: text see all see more. Uw-madison, one of the best colleges in wisconsin, serves almost 30,000 there were 6,883 more females than males, and minorities represented 1493% of score 7511, cost, graduation rate 89%, location union grove, wi.
Wsn, also known as wissportsnet, is the number one site for high school max alba selected as the 2018 male recipient of the pat richter award for most. A union grove man is facing several felony charges after a fight with “while attempting to control dmitry one of the deputies sustained. We're got everything from the best wardrobe staples to the hottest seasonal trends shop mens this one's for the guys cop all the latest drops of the season. Cedar grove cheese makes organic, rbgh- and gmo-free cheese the old- fashioned way in wisconsin. We do local moves, including apartments, single-family homes, senior living communities, dorms, condos, and much more we also move items in and out of.
Monona grove high school university of nebraska – men's & women's good union grove wi – union grove high school odense, denmark – nba 3x. Ugm twin cities is a christian ministry dedicated to serving people who are struggling with homelessness, poverty, and addiction in our community since 1902. Union grove -- one man is in the hospital and another is in custody after a shooting in the village of union grove on thursday morning,. In one of his first jumps for abc's wide world of sports, knievel successfully saturday, june 23, 1973, union grove, wi – great lakes dragaway, 10 cars,.
Aspen grove book store: monday - friday: 10:00 am - 9:00 pm saturday: union station: monday - friday: 8:00 am - 7:00 pm saturday: 9:00 am - 7:00 pm . During the siege, union soldiers who were killed in battle were hastily one observer noted a hundred men were deployed in a line a yard. Dutchtown eagle's landing hampton jones county locust grove ola stockbridge union grove woodland (stockbridge) region 5 arabia mountain.
“this first ever men's ynt summit camp provides all of our teams the opportunity to team build and to continue the development of our style of play in one location together” midfielders (6): brenden aaronson (philadelphia union kwabena boateng (sacramento republic fc elk grove, calif). Said the news, “spring will brinig thoughts of love to the young men and thoughts of the union grove community near jemison was laid to waste in clay county, one of the tornadoes remained on the ground for 30 miles. As one of the nation's largest nonprofit providers of quality, affordable housing, we also provide the vital support almost 13 million people helped annually.
Union grove — an 18-year-old union grove man was arrested after allegedly assaulting two 13-year-old girls on separate dates, a sheriff's.
At our caring center downtown, we serve people from all walks of life including the temporary and chronically homeless, needy families, single adults and children across the tulsa metro area: union grove elementary, union 6/7 center,.
Woman pulling paper from roll and man smiling while volunteering international paper is one of the world's leading producers of fiber-based packaging, pulp. See the latest steve madden boots, shoes, handbags and accessories at steve maddencom save with free shipping & free in-store returns. Village of union grove and the town of yorkville land use plan extensive inventories of the natural and man-made bases of the planning area, during this 21-year time period, 407 zoning permits for single-family housing units were .
For 50 years, FSIP has been remanufacturing controls which are used in a variety of electric boats. FSIP has established relationships with the most popular control manufacturers including Curtis and Sevcon, which are used on many types of electric boats from outboard motor to skiffs. FSIP also stocks new controls and offers in house technical support for using these controls in new applications.
I am DVM and have M.Phil. degree in Theriogenology. I am looking for a job in a reputed company for a long term so it will benefit both me as professionally and the hiring company as it will get a long term employee.
Al-Qa'im (as) will not appear unless his appearance is preceded by great terror, earthquakes, seditions, calamities, spread of plague, killing among the Arabs, great disagreements among people, separation in religion and bad conditions until one wishes to die day and night because of what madness he sees among people and their trying to eat each other. Al-Qa'im (as) will appear after people reach a very high extent of despair. Blessed is he, who sees al-Qa'im (as) and becomes one of his supporters, and woe unto whoever opposes him, disobeys his orders and becomes his enemy.
👋 你好! If you've found HanziCraft useful, it would mean a lot if you can donate any amount to keep the project going: Donate
Level 2: Radical Decomposition. The character gets decomposed into its lowest radical components. For the complete list visit the Radical wikipedia page.
Level 3: Graphical Decomposition. Shows all the strokes & lowest level of components that make up the character.
If you see questions marks or too many "block" characters, especially when it comes to level 3 decomposition you might need the correct font.
by Alex / Tuesday, 03 March 2015 / Published in DAHAB, equipment, NEWS, PADI, SAFETY, SPECIALTY, TEC DIVING
The majority of out of gas situations are due to inadequate gas management skills as opposed to equipment malfunction. Far too many times, I have seen divers come out from a dive and not have a clue how much air they have left. They rely too much on the guide to ask when they have x amount of bar so they can turn around or start the safety stop. But during the rest of the dive, the diver doesn’t check their air unless prompted. The new PADI Open Water course has been modified and they now focus a lot on making the new diver more independent and in control of their own gas. In most of the training dives, one skill is to know your air within 20bar when your instructor asks you, but you aren’t allowed to check first. The theory is that you should know how much air you have at any given time.
If you are ever out of gas on a recreational dive, your best option is to signal your buddy, move on to their octopus and ascend in a controlled manner. You do need to end the dive at this point, as if you carry on the dive and in the unlikely event that your buddy runs out of air, you’re up the proverbial creek without a paddle. If your buddy is too far away, you can always make a controlled emergency ascent (aka CESA) which you would have learnt how to do in your PADI Open Water course. Worst case scenario, you could remove your weight system, thus resulting in a rapid, uncontrolled ascent. You ascended too quickly which could be a decompression issue however at least you’re at the surface with all the air.
Like most things in diving, there’s a really simple way to avoid out of gas situations… check your air gauge on the dive frequently! I liken it to a petrol gauge on your car, and how many times have you run out of petrol?! You generally start the dive with 200bar and the needle steadily decreases until it hits 50bar where it will go into the red/orange zone. This, similar to the warning light on your dashboard when you’re low on petrol – simply means that you need to start your ascent, like you would need to drive to the nearest petrol station.
After a dive are you feeling bad because you’re the lowest one on gas? Firstly, there’s no need to feel bad – we’ve all been there. But what is going on with the other divers? Stealing your octopus? Do they have a 007-like spare air tucked away? Your personal dive length depends on a few things:
You can calculate this based off your Surface Air Consumption rate, or SAC rate. It’s fairly simple to calculate once you have the required information: If you have a computer it will tell you the average depth you’ve been at. You need this, plus the total dive time and the exact amount of gas you used. Or, you can use a portion of the dive; for example dive at 10m for 10minutes and know you gas at the beginning of the 10minutes and at the end.
First, take the amount of gas you used and divide that by the total number of minutes. This answer will tell you your gas consumption per minute. Then, take the number and times it by the average depth pressure you were at. For example if it’s 10m then you’ll need to add 1 for the surface pressure. Last, divide you gas consumed with the pressure at depth to calculate your consumption per minute tailored for the depth.
So, as an example, we’ve done a dive to 20m for 20 minutes, consuming 80 bars of gas. So the calculation would be:
The more you move around, the more gas you consume, simple. If you’re one of those divers likes swimming around like you are Speedy Gonzales then don’t be surprised if you’re coming up from the dive after 20minutes. Your muscles need oxygen to function, so the more you move your muscles the more oxygen they need therefore the more you need to breathe. As water is denser (thicker) than air – some 800 times denser, any movement can be a relative strain. Think about walking waist deep in water, how slowly you have to go due to the force acting against you. So when you’re diving, turn around slowly and using the smallest of body movements to do so. People often say to me “you hardly move in the water” followed by “why do you have double the amount of air I have after the dive” well the two have a direct correlation. It’s all slow, slow, slowwwww movements.
Fin kicking is essential to this too, do try and practice the frog kick if you already don’t. It may seem more difficult, and it probably is at first. But I promise you once you get comfortable with it you will notice a difference. It makes you more streamlined, you use less energy and therefore your air consumption will decrease. When I revert back to the flutter kick I am rather tired after a small amount of time doing it.
You need to think of your lungs as an internal BCD. As much as diving agencies tell us to “never hold your breath and breathe slowly and deeply” some people take that a little too far – breathing like you’d just done a marathon. You’d be surprised as to how much a deep breath can fill up a BCD when you blow in to it. So think, if you keep breathing like that you’re essentially inflating then deflating your BCD every few seconds. Number one that’s very hard to control your body position and secondly you will over-breathe which only leads to exhaustion. Breathe like you’re breathing now, that’s all. On that note, if you need to rise slightly then of course, instead of using your inflator button, you can use your breathing technique. This also helps reduce air consumption.
My penultimate point is to make sure you are relaxed before the dive. The entries are generally very calm here in Dahab. Take a breath, relax and ensure you’re all good to go before the dive. We won’t take you anywhere you aren’t capable of going.
As much as all of this makes a difference, it’s still all dependant on how deep you are. Pressure and volume are inversely related and this means that the more the pressure increases (when you go down) the more your volume of gas decreases. As you will learn, or already have learnt from your beginner scuba diving course if you take a balloon from the surface to 10m, the pressure will double from 1bar to 2bars. However, the volume of the balloon shrinks and goes down by half. So the deeper you are, the more gas you will go through. Here endeth the lesson.
Notes: I sent Mr. Voight LOR, SASE, photos and index card and he signed them all, although it looks like he had a little pen problem on several of the pics...but I'm definitely pleased with my success! Thanks Mr. Voight! Thank you, ME!
Michelangelo buonarroti [italian high renaissance/mannerist painter and sculptor, 1475-1564] guide to pictures of works by michelangelo buonarroti in art museum sites and image archives worldwide. At the accademia gallery, you can admire from a short distance the perfection of the most famous statue in florence and, perhaps, in all the world: michelangelo’s david this astonishing renaissance sculpture was created between 1501 and 1504. Michelangelo di lodovico buonarroti simoni[1] (6 march 1475 – 18 february 1564), commonly known as michelangelo, was an italian renaissance painter, sculptor, architect, poet, and engineer. — michelangelo buonarroti, mario's time machine michelangelo di lodovico buonarroti simoni , referred to simply as michelangelo buonarroti or michelangelo , was a famous artist and sculptor responsible for numerous works of art, including the sistine chapel 's ceiling , david , pietà , and moses.
Michelangelo buonarroti was born on march 6, 1475, in caprese, a town in tuscany his parents were lodovico buonarroti simoni, the podesta, or mayor, of caprese, and francesca di neri, who died when michelangelo was six. Michelangelo was one of the most prominent artists during the italian renaissance he appears along with abraham lincoln in a bonus feature for the lego movie's blu-ray release titled michelangelo and lincoln: history cops in the lego movie, he is the only master builder to never have been caught. Michelangelo (ˌmaɪkəlˈændʒɪˌləʊ) n (biography) full name michelangelo buonarroti 1475–1564, florentine sculptor, painter, architect, and poet one of the outstanding figures of the renaissance among his creations are the sculptures of david (1504) and of moses which was commissioned for the tomb of julius ii, for whom he also painted the. Media in category michelangelo buonarroti the following 191 files are in this category, out of 191 total.
Thrill your walls now with a stunning michelangelo buonarroti print from the world's largest art gallery choose from thousands of michelangelo buonarroti artworks with the option to print on canvas, acrylic, wood or museum quality paper choose a frame to complete your home today. Michelangelo buonarroti (1475-1564) encyclopedia of time: science, philosophy, theology, & culture michelangelo di lodovico buonarroti simoni is universally recognized as one of the greatest artists in history, perhaps the greatest. Michelangelo embodies the union of creativity and craftsmanship, which is at the heart of our vision why michelangelo head of cleopatra, casa buonarroti, florence, italy, c1533-4. Introduction michelangelo buonarroti (b 1475–d 1564) is universally recognized to be among the greatest artists of all time his life extended from the glories of renaissance florence and the discovery of the new world to the first stirrings of the counter-reformation—nearly eighty-nine years, and twice as long as most of his contemporaries.
The pietà (italian: english: the pity 1498–1499) is a work of renaissance sculpture by michelangelo buonarroti, housed in st peter's basilica, vatican cityit is the first of a number of works of the same theme by the artist the statue was commissioned for the french cardinal jean de bilhères, who was a representative in romethe sculpture, in carrara marble, was made for the. Michelangelo was born on 6 march 1475 in caprese, known today as caprese michelangelo, a small town situated in valtiberina, near arezzo, tuscany for several generations, his family had been small-scale bankers in florence but the bank failed, and his father, ludovico di leonardo buonarroti simoni, briefly took a government post in caprese. “he’s good but he’s no oh wait, he is michelangelo” learn about the master italian renaissance sculptor, painter, architect and artist. Biography michelangelo (full name: michelangelo di lodovico buonarroti simoni) was born at caprese, a village in florentine territory, where his father, named ludovico buonarroti simoni was the resident magistrate.
This is a main category requiring frequent diffusion and maybe maintenanceas many pictures and media files as possible should be moved into appropriate subcategories. Here is a collection of portraits and other artwork depicting michelangelo buonarroti, as he was known during his lifetime and as he was envisioned by later artists this image is in the public domain and is free for your use. Michelangelo di lodovico buonarroti simoni (march 6, 1475 – february 18, 1564), commonly known as michelangelo, was an italian renaissance sculptor, painter, architect, and poet his versatility, accomplishment, and artistic mastery were so commanding that he is often considered the archetypal renaissance man,. Portrait of michelangelo buonarroti at 72 by giulio bonasone 1546 leone leoni, medal of michelangelo, 1561 michelangelo bust made from a death mask by daniele da volterra 1564 giorgio vasari, portrait engraving of michelangelo from the lives of the artists 1568.
Michelangelo di lodovico buonarroti simoni (1475-1564) is arguably the greatest and most famous sculptor in the history of art he was a leader of the italian high renaissance and provided a significant amount of influence over western art for centuries.
Michelangelo (buonarroti) (1475 - 1564) michelangelo was born on march 6, 1475 in the tuscan town of caprese first, he was a student of ghirlandaio in florence, in order to become a sculptor.
Michelangelo buonarroti (1475-1564) was the greatest sculptor of the italian renaissance and one of its greatest painters and architects michelangelo buonarroti was born on march 6, 1475, in caprese, a village where his father was briefly serving as a florentine government agent the family, of higher rank than most from which artists came in. The doni tondo is the most famous among the very few paintings on panel by michelangelo, made on commission from the florentine merchant agnolo doni for his wedding to maddalena strozzi in 1504originally it hung in the bedchamber of their home on corso dei tintori in florence. Michelangelo, in full michelangelo di lodovico buonarroti simoni, (born march 6, 1475, caprese, republic of florence [italy]—died february 18, 1564, rome, papal states), italian renaissance sculptor, painter, architect, and poet who exerted an unparalleled influence on the development of western art. Michelangelo di lodovico buonarroti simon (march 6, 1475 - february 18, 1564), commonly known as michelangelo, was an italian renaissance painter, sculptor, architect, poet and engineer despite making few forays beyond the arts, his versatility in the disciplines he took up was of such a high order that he is often considered a contender for.
▪▫▶ 3D Animated Emojis – More than 1000 3D Animation include to express yourself with cute and funny animations in iMessages, mails and social networking
▪▫▶ Special symbols – More than 200 special symbols include geek, math, religious, arrows, etc. This is the a emoji app you will ever need! There are tons of great categories to choose from categories.
Application easy to use , you have do is Open App and Select Category , All of emojis are ready to share .
► HOW TO USE: Use iMessage to send them from Device to DeviceUse MMS to send them to other devices. Or send them via Email or other messaging services.
Patrick Roquel, president of iFarm, discusses the healing benefits of medicinal plants and the profits it can generate.
Employees in CSR happier than average; tarnished jewellery supply chains; the problem of principles v profits; corporates scramble to restore trust
IT MAY NOT be the best paid job in the world. It may not herald great promotion prospects. It may even feel like an uphill battle much of the time. But this doesn’t seem to deter those working in the field of corporate sustainability. According to the latest data, environment and sustainability professionals are a (relatively) happy bunch. Figures from the sustainability body IEMA, which represents 14,000 sector experts worldwide, suggest 70% of its members are “satisfied” or “highly satisfied” at work. Of new recruits from other sectors (around one third of IEMA members), satisfaction levels jump to 78%. The figures compare to a national average for UK workers of 64%.
So what is helping sustainability shake the Monday morning blues? Salary size certainly helps. Averaging £40,000, professionals’ wage packets are not super-stellar, but they remain above the norm (of £28,758 in 2017 for UK employees). The job itself brings its joys as well. Most notably, three in four (74%) of sustainability workers report their work as being “challenging” (in a good way, that is). “Rewarding” (54%) and “full of opportunity” (38%) are the other most common descriptors.
Sustainability professionals aren’t skipping all the way to the office, however. For a sector that prides itself in its progressive values, gender inequality remains a rather embarrassing shortfall. Despite shrinking by 2.6% over the last 12 months, the difference between men’s and women’s earnings stands at 14.1% (five percentage points above the UK national average). Concerns for the future also abound, especially among young professionals. One third of the sector’s under-30s question the difference they are making. On everyone’s wish-list is a desire for far stronger political leadership on sustainability issues (64%). A substantive minority (35%) want more cross-industry collaboration on sustainability’s “big issues”. The findings are based on responses from 1,053 IEMA members.
NOTHING SAYS ‘I love you’ more than a diamond ring, right? Human Rights Watch wants us to think again. Every year, 90 million carats of rough diamonds and 1,600 tonnes of gold are mined for jewellery. Yet policies governing the procurement of these precious metals and gems fail to provide the ethical assurances that consumers increasingly demand. Of the leading brands in the jewellery sector, which boasts estimated annual revenues of $300bn, none is judged by Human Rights Watch to have excellent supply chain management practices in place.
In a report on the sector’s 13 largest brands, only Tiffany and Co is rated as having taken “significant steps” towards responsible sourcing. Bulgari, Cartier, Pandora and Signet get a “moderate” rating, with all others judged “weak” or worse. Rolex’s failure to provide any public information on its sourcing policy renders it last on the list, together with fellow non-disclosing firms, Kalyan and TBZ. The three are notable absentees from the Responsible Jewellery Council, which was set up more than a decade ago to supposedly resolve supply-side concerns.
It is not just jewellery that faces problems. New research from Stanford University’s School of Earth, Energy and Environmental Science suggests that efforts to make supply chains more sustainable are having a limited impact. Analysis of the supply chains of 449 listed companies in the food, textile and wood-products sectors finds that only 30% of sustainable sourcing practices cover all a product’s input materials. Only 15%, meanwhile, focus on health, energy, infrastructure, climate change, education, gender or poverty. Other concerning findings include the moderate proportion of companies that fail to reach beyond their first-tier suppliers (60.5%) and the low level of third-party auditing (37%). Most worryingly, 48% of the sample companies have no discernible sustainable supply chain practices in place at all. However, among large western corporations, 90% are taking some form of action.
How large corporations manage their supply chains also has major ramifications for poverty reduction, environmental conservation and a host of other development issues. Global supply chains touch an estimated 80% of all trade and represent more than one in five of all jobs worldwide. Even The Economist concedes multinational companies now have “no excuse” for not pushing for better practices when sourcing from poorer countries. Doing so, moreover, is in their interest, according to the environment group WWF Switzerland, which has published a briefing on why it makes business sense to tackle the most grievous social and environmental iniquities in the developing world. A more “resilient” supply chain features high on its list (together with potential new market opportunities worth $12trn). The same argument is put forward in a new survey by assurance provider DNV Global, which finds that serious attempts to drive sustainability in the supply chain deliver brand reputation (in 65% of cases) and increase market share (32%). Feel inspired? Tiffany & Co happens to be looking for a new director of responsible sourcing, if so.
IMPROVED energy efficiency, transformed business models, more efficient supply chains, happier customers. There are plenty of market-based arguments for a sustainable approach to business, but proving the connection between principles and profit remains elusive.
A new report new report by the financial services company ING bolsters the business case, finding that 48% of US banks and investors say that sustainability concerns “actively influence their growth strategies”. And such concerns apparently deliver, with 87% of financial firms with the most advanced sustainability programmes reporting an increase in revenues over the past 12 months. Two-thirds, meanwhile, have seen their credit ratings improve over the past two years.
On the other hand, 66% of the 210 financial services companies interviewed have yet to integrate sustainability throughout their operations. Half also admit to struggling to identify sustainability-led business opportunities (52%) and to predict the impact that sustainability investments will have on future performance (50%).
Those looking to build the business case for sustainability should check out the latest performance data from B Lab, organiser of the B Corp certification standard. According to the group’s UK arm, firms are growing a staggering 28 times faster than the national average. UK-based B Corps experienced average growth rates of 14% in 2017, compared to just 0.5% for UK Inc. Fast moving consumer goods companies certified under the standard, which pushes for business directors and officers to “consider the interests of all stakeholders” (ie not just shareholders), clocked up the fastest growth rate, at 21%, compared with a sector average of 3%.
Launched in the UK in 2015, the B Corp standard now counts 150 certified British-based firms. Most of these (86%) feel that certification has helped their business. Among the chief benefits are the attraction of new audiences (reported in over one third of cases) and improved staff recruitment (cited in almost half of cases).
BUSINESS LEADERS will meet for a gala dinner in central Manhattan next week for the twelfth annual celebration of the World’s Most Ethical Companies, which this year runs to 135 companies. Among them are Mars, Microsoft, Starbucks and Volvo. The Ethisphere Institute says winners are selected according to an exacting set of criteria, known as the “ethics quotient”. Underlying the awards is the theory that ethics pay. According to Ethisphere’s research, the stock prices of its honorees have outperformed the US Large Cap Index by 10.72% over five years.
But do consumers and the public at large buy into the notion of corporate ethics? Not much. Or so the latest annual opinion survey by global PR firm Edelman suggests. Its 2018 Trust Barometer shows the largest fall in trust among the US general public in the survey’s history, with trust in business falling ten percentage points to 48% since last year. Only trust in government fell further (from 47% to 33%). Among US informed audiences, meanwhile, trust in business crashed from 74% to 54%.
Part of the problem is linked to the credibility of the media. With fake news on the increase and traditional media losing its footing to internet platforms, 42% of people say they do not know which companies or brands to trust. Little wonder that chief executives identify building trust as their top job (69%), above delivering high quality products (68%) or stock price increases (60%). This finding about CEOs will echo well with the general public, 64% of whom think that business leaders should “lead on change” without waiting for the government to tell them. Another positive relates to employees, more of whom say their employers can be trusted than not. Employees trust ranges from 57% in Japan to 90% in Indonesia. In the middle of the spectrum are Germany (71%), the UK (71%) and Brazil (72%), with US employees giving their bosses a creditable 79%.
At a sector level, technology (75%) remains the most trusted industry, followed by education (70%), professional services (68%) and transportation (67%). Least trusted is the financial services sector, at 54%. By geography, companies headquartered in Canada (68%), Switzerland (66%) and Sweden (65%) top the most-trusted list. The least trusted country brands are Mexico (32%), India (32%), Brazil (34%) and China (36%).
As Edelman concludes: “Trust is only going to be regained when the truth moves back to centre stage. Institutions must answer the public’s call for providing factually accurate, timely information and joining the public debate.”
Richard Howitt of the International Integrated Reporting Council on today’s launch of an important new phase towards harmonising the ‘alphabet’s soup’ of corporate sustainability reporting standards
Mike Scott looks at how upcoming revisions to reporting rules for greenhouse gas emissions will address growing concern about use of renewable energy certificates
Eric Marx reports on how Plantix, a diagnostic app that uses image recognition software and AI, is being used to halt the advance of the fall armyworm pest
This colorway isn’t one I would have purchased, but I think I swapped with someone because I like Claudia Hand Painted Sock Yarn more than whatever I was trading away. Nevertheless, the socks are cozy and I am always happy to add to my collection.
I’ve been lagging in posting about my knitting FOs these past few months, mostly because I’ve been thinking about whether I really want to continue blogging. When I started back in 2005, I had two reasons for blogging: to connect with a great knitting community, and to document my knitting. Well, things have changed a lot in five years. It seems to me that knitters don’t interact as much on blogs anymore, but are much more connected on Ravelry/Facebook/Twitter/Flickr. And with Ravelry, I already have a place to document and share my projects, so what purpose does the blog serve? I’m in this in-between place where I don’t see the point anymore, but I’m also not quite ready to let go yet. What are your thoughts on knitblogging?
Since I’ve decided to stay here for now, I figured I would do a series of posts to catch up on talking about my projects. I started writing about these socks on September 10, but didn’t get around to taking the photo until November 4! I’ve worn them a couple of times already and I love them. Madelinetosh sock yarn feels really comfy and sturdy, and brown and blue are one of my favorite color combos.
Life has been a bit stressful lately, so I’ve been sticking with “comfort knitting.” Working with my favorite sock yarn is always a treat.
Thank you for all of your input about my Chevron Scarf! I really appreciated the feedback. I think I do like the color combination, but after comtemplating it so much I feel like I still need a little more space from the scarf. So I will leave it on the needles and go back to it down the road.
Originally, I started this pattern using grey Plymouth Encore and red Debbie Bliss Cashmerino Aran for striped mittens. After knitting up the first one, I was completely unmotivated to continue. My stripes weren’t as neat as I wanted them to be, even though I used the jogless jog technique. So I ripped the entire mitten and didn’t know if I would try another. Then, I happened to come across a photo of a beautiful mitten knitted up in single color of Malabrigo Worsted, and I immediately thought of the one lone skein of purply Manos that had been in my stash for ages. I was so happy that it worked for the mittens! I really like the “homespun” look for this pattern. I see myself knitting more mittens, and perhaps even adjusting the pattern to make handwarmers.
Posted: October 1, 2007 | Author: caitlyn | Filed under: Cooking, Entrées, Knitting, Socks | 10 Comments
A retrospective exhibition spanning 37 years of art making by Southeast's Department of Art Chair Caroline Kahler. The reception is Nov. 3 from 4-8 p.m. and the artist talk is 6 p.m. in the Crisp Museum.
Sanders set about learning to redraw after having a baby and centered on "Hair Ghosts" where she found an expression of complex femininity with notes of ritual. The reception is Nov. 3 from 4-8 p.m. in the Crisp Museum.
At Southeast, we know you lead a busy life throughout the week. That is why we have one of the premier Saturday visit programs in the midwest: Show Me Day. Offered on a number of Saturdays throughout the year and on select Mondays, Show Me Day gives you and your family the opportunity to tour […]
Every personal injury case is unique and many factors are used to value each case. The losses from your claim include the amount of the medical bills, lost wages, pain, and suffering, etc. The most important factor is your life change resulting from the injury. Typically, the larger the injury and life change, the larger the settlement. We discuss your personal injury claim’s worth during your free consultation. Call for a free consultation 800-208-3538, or complete the form below >
The first thing you should do is contact an attorney. Without the representation of a lawyer, insurance companies might make contact with you directly, and since they are trained to protect their best interests, this could mean a loss of rights on your behalf, especially if you unknowingly sign something that they didn't completely explain to you. Call for a free consultation 800-208-3538, or complete the form below >
The length of a personal injury case depends on many factors including the evaluation and treatment of the injury. The bigger the injury, the longer it takes to treat. Attorney James Johnson helps you be aggressive with the treatment, so the average case normally takes between two and five months. Those who have serious injuries and need surgery may take several months longer. Call for a free consultation 800-208-3538, or complete the form below >
Many victims believe if you don't have health insurance you don't have a case - this NOT true. In fact, those with health insurance usually don't use it since there are so many restrictions and steps to overcome to receive authorization for treatment. Johnson Attorneys Group assists you in finding the best doctors to help. Most of them even wait until a settlement for payment. Call for a free consultation 800-208-3538, or complete the form below >
Handling a personal injury claim by yourself is very difficult. You will deal directly with the insurance adjuster who is often trained to obtain the information they are not entitled to use. This information can negatively impact and de-value your case. Once your case is damaged, it is very difficult to repair it and usually costs you thousands of dollars less in a settlement. Call for a free consultation 800-208-3538, or complete the form below >
You do not pay anything unless you win. We work on a contingency-fee-basis, so we’re only paid if we win your case. When the case is settled, our fee is a percentage, as previously agreed, of the final settlement. These fees are described in full detail in our signed contract before work begins on the case. We cover the case upfront costs including everything from copying and court filing fees to hiring experts - so all your focus can be on getting well. Call for a free consultation 800-208-3538, or complete the form below >
We are passionate about good service and the attorney speaks to every client. Our focus is on your medical care and overall wellness.
The entire office was very helpful in guiding me through the case, especially since I had never had to deal with any legal matters before.
These guys held my hand every step of the way and were able to get a settlement that satisfied all parties - thanks
It's been a long run everyone have there ups and downs in life things happened in life out of no were Johnson attorney group have helped me get threw this hard time I had to go threw I just want to say thank you to the hole team [email protected] Diana and James Johnson his self you guys are amazing and good at what you do thank you for everything and I will never for get about you guys I got a birthday card from you guys crazy thing is I didn't even expect it I love how you guys go out your way to make sure your clients feel like family thank you so much and [email protected] you been so much help threw all this keep up the hard work I'm going to miss getting a call from you guys we made it thank you again much love matthew
I had a wonderful experience with JAG! They not only took care of everything, but they made it to where I didn't have to worry about a thing! They answered...
I wanted to take a moment to express how much I appreciate you and your team for representing me. the kindness, compassion and dedication show especially by...
Copyright © 2018, Johnson Attorneys Group. All rights reserved. | News | Disclaimer | Privacy | Sitemap | Designed by SEO Pros
She helped me understand how everything was going to proceed and was there for me when I felt overwhelmed with doctors visits and time off work.
My experience with James Johnson has been one of the most influential and inspiring experiences I've ever been through.
handled my case efficiently and professionally..was able to get a mri which helped me understand what was causing my pain and discomfort..set up my surgical...
They always made me feel comfortable and ensured me that I would be ok throughout the duration of my case. Thank you so much! :) A+++
I can honestly say that the Law Firm of James Johnson is the best. From the day that his signer came to our home muy husband and I both felt so comfortable...
From beginning to end they made the process simple. My dad is 70 and the accident was pretty bad. They were able to get money for all his medical bills, pay...
Johnson Attorneys Group has been the best. Stephanie and Sam are wonderful. Any questions I had were answered. They stayed in contact with me through the...
Johnson attorney group were wonderful, they were so helpful and very understanding. Thank so much for all your help.
I would highly recommend the Johnson Attorney Group. I was in a horrific automobile accident and without the assistance from Mr. Johnson and his staff I...
For the most exclusive, professional and friendly valet parking services in Southern California from Los Angeles, Beverly Hills, Santa Monica, Malibu to the Valley. We provide valet services for all special, private, corporate events, and more...
We provide an elegant and professional valet parking service for your private events, corporate events, exclusive receptions, medical facilities, assisted living, and more.
We offer valet parking services in Los Angeles, Beverly Hills, Bel Air, Brentwood, Calabasas, Century City, Glendale, Hidden Hills, Hollywood, Hollywood Hills, Los Feliz, Malibu, Marina Del Rey, North Hollywood, Pacific Palisades, Santa Monica, West Hollywood, West Los Angeles...
I made sure I was fully awake at 7:15am sharp on Monday morning to hear the official lineup for Power 106’s annual summer concert, Powerhouse. Getting more and more excited as each artist was announced, it wasn’t until the end that they brought out the big dog… Mr. Kanye West. The rest of the lineup includes: Ty Dolla $ign, Ludacris, Tinashe, G-Eazy, Nipsey Hu$$le, Kid Ink, Casey Veggies, Logic, B.o.B. and Tech N9ne. Pre-sale tickets went on sale Wednesday morning – obviously I snagged a pair (can’t wait, Parker!). I must say, I’m pretty amped to see Luda perform, as well. Powerhouse takes place on Saturday, May 16 at the Honda Center in Anaheim.
This I just want you to watch because Kendrick is epic, LA is epic, and these Reeboks are about to be epic.
Posted in: Weekly Wrap-Ups | Tagged: californyinz, frank ocean, hip hop, Kendrick Lamar, Music, Reebok
2 chainz alpha gamma delta asap ferg asaprocky beyonce big sean birthday bruce jenner Bruno mars bryson tiller californyinz calvin harris catalina chance the rapper chris brown ciara coldplay Concerts daft punk dj mustard Drake eminem fetty wap frank ocean french montana future gucci mane hip hop hiphop j.cole jay z jeremih jidenna juicy j justin bieber kanye west Kendrick Lamar kid ink kim kardashian lifestyle lil wayne los angeles ludacris majid jordan meek mill merch miguel mixtape Music nicki minaj pharrell pittsburgh power106 power 106 remix Review rick ross rihanna serge's selections social media the game theweeknd The weeknd tour tracklist travi$ scott ty dolla $ign usher video weekly wrap-up westminster college wiz khalifa yesjulz yinz young thug
when you always do the most, live for fire content, & appreciate a good filter. inside out sweatshirt inspo: @salim.green it’s #MERCH, too. I promise. 📸: @reyerobles
With one of the biggest number database in the market, you’ll know who is the real caller behind the call.
This is the information page for phone number 002 275 7903. Below you can read comments left by other users for the phone number 002-275-7903. We have a growing database of phone numbers used by telemarketers, scam artists and pranksters. Feel free to leave a comment and let us know if this number is dangerous.
rang us at 10:49am 1/12/2009, never ever seen this no. before therefore we did not pick up. attempted searching for this online however nothing comes up, ended up leaving no msg either.
Unknown Debt Collector Event Reminder Fax Machine Non-Profit Organization Political Call Prank Call SMS Survey Telemarketer
SMSed the other day " hey, can you conversation at all? answer back & might be we will send a pic ;)) "
All the "Images and Videos" posted on intradayfun.com are copyrighted by their respective copyright owners. If any content posted on Intradayfun.com is your Copyright Material then Contact Us.
Baltimore, Maryland, U.S.A. - February 15, 2018 - Intralytix, Inc. announced today that it received clearance from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to initiate Phase I / IIa clinical trials at Mount Sinai hospital in New York, NY.
In July of 2015, Intralytix entered into a collaboration agreement with Ferring Pharmaceuticals to develop a proprietary and well-defined set of bacteriophages specifically designed to treat inflammatory bowel diseases (IBD). The project aimed to test the feasibility and efficacy of the bacteriophages in controlled human clinical trials.
Dr. Alexander Sulakvelidze, Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer of Intralytix commented: "This is a major milestone in the history of our company, and in the phage therapy field in general. This is one of the first full-blown INDs approved for phages by the FDA, and the first ever IND approved for targeting adhesive invasive E. coli (AIEC) in patients. This approval paves the way for an important clinical study, and also shows that Intralytix continues to demonstrate our leadership in successfully obtaining regulatory approvals and commercializing various bacteriophage products."
Dr. Per Falk, Executive Vice President for R&D and Chief Science Officer of Ferring Pharmaceuticals, added "Bacteriophages offer a unique tool to gently fine-tune the gut microbiota by specifically targeting problem-causing bacteria. We are excited with the progress made by our partner Intralytix in obtaining IND approval for the phage preparation that targets AIEC - a pathogen increasingly implicated in the pathogenesis of Crohn's disease. We look forward to Intralytix initiating clinical trials with our colleagues at Mount Sinai hospital, to evaluate the safety and efficacy of this proprietary bacteriophage preparation in human volunteers."
Dr. Jean-Frederic Colombel, MD, Professor of Medicine (Gastroenterology) at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai and Director of the Leona M. and Harry B. Helmsley Charitable Trust Inflammatory Bowel Disease Center at the Mount Sinai Medical Center, will serve as the Principal Investigator of this clinical trial. Dr. Colombel commented: "AIEC have been implicated in the pathogenesis of Crohn's disease. Bacteriophages may offer a much-needed approach for specifically targeting AIEC in the human gastrointestinal tract thereby reducing the risk of progression of Crohn's disease. If the approach shows efficacy in the planned clinical trials in our hospital, it will enhance and expedite product development and could ultimately benefit hundreds of thousands of people suffering from Crohn's disease."
Intralytix, Inc. is a privately-held company headquartered in Baltimore, Maryland. The Company is focused on using its core bacteriophage/phage technology platform to improve human health through the development and commercialization of innovative products for food safety, animal health, human therapeutics, and dietary supplements/probiotics.
Intralytix is the first company in the world to receive FDA-approval for a phage-based product for food safety applications. The Company currently has the world's largest portfolio of FDA-approved phage-based products on commercial markets. It holds several bacteriophage technology-related patents, including two U.S. patents (and additional patents pending) on the use of bacteriophages for fine tuning human or animal microbiome by using phages to reduce or eliminate bacterial colonization (US 7,459,272 B2 and US 8,003,323 B2). To learn more about Intralytix, Inc. or its products please visit www.intralytix.com.
Ferring Pharmaceuticals is a research-driven, specialty biopharmaceutical group committed to helping people around the world build families and live better lives. Headquartered in Saint-Prex, Switzerland, Ferring is a leader in reproductive medicine and women's health, and in specialty areas within gastroenterology and urology. Ferring has been developing treatments for mothers and babies for over 50 years. Today, over one third of the company's research and development investment goes towards finding innovative and personalized healthcare solutions to help mothers and babies, from conception to birth. Founded in 1950, Ferring now employs approximately 6,500 people worldwide, has its own operating subsidiaries in nearly 60 countries, and markets its products in 110 countries. Learn more at www.ferring.com and @Ferring, or connect with us on Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn.
The Mount Sinai Health System is New York City's largest integrated delivery system encompassing seven hospital campuses, a leading medical school, and a vast network of ambulatory practices throughout the greater New York region. Mount Sinai's vision is to produce the safest care, the highest quality, the highest satisfaction, the best access and the best value of any health system in the nation. The System includes approximately 7,100 primary and specialty care physicians; 10 joint-venture ambulatory surgery centers; more than 140 ambulatory practices throughout the five boroughs of New York City, Westchester, Long Island, and Florida; and 31 affiliated community health centers. Physicians are affiliated with the renowned Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, which is ranked among the highest in the nation in National Institutes of Health funding per investigator. The Mount Sinai Hospital is ranked No. 18 on U.S. News & World Report's "Honor Roll" of top U.S. hospitals; it is one of the nation's top 20 hospitals in Cardiology/Heart Surgery, Diabetes/Endocrinology, Gastroenterology/GI Surgery, Geriatrics, Nephrology, and Neurology/Neurosurgery, and in the top 50 in four other specialties in the 2017-2018 "Best Hospitals" issue. Mount Sinai's Kravis Children's Hospital also is ranked in six out of ten pediatric specialties by U.S. News & World Report. The New York Eye and Ear Infirmary of Mount Sinai is ranked 12th nationally for Ophthalmology and 50th for Ear, Nose, and Throat, while Mount Sinai Beth Israel, Mount Sinai St. Luke's and Mount Sinai West are ranked regionally. For more information, visit http://www.mountsinai.org/, or find Mount Sinai on Facebook, Twitter and YouTube.
CMC Markets Next Generation Platform Trade the financial markets using CFDs CMC Markets is a global leader in online trading, offering CFD and FX trading. Learn how to trade CFDs with our variety of educational videos on trading strategies. Trade the financial markets such as currencies, commodities, indices, companies and treasuries. Our charting package comes […]
Imarkets Live Proof the best forex training learn how to master foreign currency – Published in best online forex trading
For all inquiries Please contact me on my email: info@200forexpips.com This is one of the best Forex trading systems that work and I provide daily Forex trading analysis according to the same trading system and my signals service. If you want to join the best forex trading platform then here is the broker link that […]
You should consider whether you understand how CFDs work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money.
3 Dangerous Time For Trading | High and Low Spread timing tutorial By Tani Forex In Urdu Hindi – Published in forex spread trading
How to register for free in Automated Forex Robots website and get access to free forex robots – Published in forex robot
How to use Japanese Candlesticks to Identify Market Sentiment – ArrowPips Forex Signals – Published in forex trading signals
Investing in forex, also known as foreign exchange or FX. More and more people do not want to know where to start. That is why we created this websit.
Our forex website is is a community of forex traders from around the globe. Get the latest news, opinions, and insights on forex trading.
Major Lazer is an American electronic music band composed of record producer Diplo, Jillionaire, and Walshy Fire. It was founded by Diplo and Switch, but Switch left in 2011. Its music spans numerous genres, mixing reggae with dancehall, reggaeton, house, and moombahton.
Major Lazer has released three full-length albums: Guns Don’t Kill People… Lazers Do in 2009, Free the Universe in 2013, and Peace Is the Mission in 2015. It also released an EP entitled Apocalypse Soon in March 2014, which featured vocal contributions from Pharrell Williams and Sean Paul. In addition, Major Lazer has also produced Reincarnated, the debut reggae album by Snoop Dogg under his “Snoop Lion” persona.
2009 – 11: Guns Don’t Kill People… Lazers Do and Lazers Never Die EP Formerly made up of DJ Diplo and Switch, the two were introduced after working with M.I.A.. The duo’s first album Guns Don’t Kill People… Lazers Do was released on 16 June 2009, on Downtown Records. It was recorded in Jamaica at Tuff Gong Studios.
On 8 February 2015, during the Grammy Award ceremony, Diplo revealed details of the third Major Lazer album. He confirmed that the album would incorporate artists such as Ariana Grande, Ellie Goulding and Pusha T. It is called Peace Is the Mission.
The first single, “Lean On”, is a collaboration with French producer DJ Snake and features vocals from Danish recording artist MØ. The album was released on 1 June 2015. The song was first offered to Rihanna and then Nicki Minaj, who both turned it down and Major Lazer expressed that no one could’ve done a better job than MØ in the recording. The song reached number 4 on the US Billboard’s Hot 100 chart and number 2 in the UK charts. It also became Spotify’s most streamed song of all time while reaching just over 1.5 billion views on YouTube, making it the 8th most viewed video on the site.
In an interview with inthemix on 22 May 2015, Walshy Fire announced that their fourth studio album is called Music Is the Weapon and that it would be released late 2015 or early 2016. Diplo revealed on the 27th of April 2015 during an interview with Belgian radio station Studio Brussel that they have been working on a track with Belgian singer Selah Sue. He added that it might appear on their next album. Selah Sue herself confirmed this during an interview with Studio Brussels on
The music project Major Lazer has released three studio albums, three mix albums, three extended plays, five mixtapes and fourteen singles.
Major Lazer Essential Mix (available as podcast) (2009), Lazerproof (with La Roux, available as a free download) (2010), Major Lazer Summer Mix (available as podcast) (2010), Major Lazer Workout Mix (2013), Major Lazer’s Walshy Fire Presents: Jesse Royal – Royally Speaking (2014)(available as a free download).
WESTSIDE 33 is located at 33 WEST COAST ROAD in district 05 (Buona Vista, West Coast) of Singapore. WESTSIDE 33 is a Freehold Cluster Housing development consisting of 10 units. WESTSIDE 33 is completed / TOP in 2007 (estimated), developed by MACLY PTE LTD.
Sign Up Property Account to search all private transaction records with full address and unit number
Question Type Please select I want to buy or to rent WESTSIDE 33 I want to sell or to let my WESTSIDE 33 I have other enquiry about WESTSIDE 33
Singapore Property, Singapore guide on expat relocation, Singapore housing, living. Sales, rental of apartment, Singapore condo, house, HDB flat.
Copyright © 2002 to 2018 SingaporeExpats.com Pte Ltd, All Rights Reserved. Terms and Conditions of Use.
SingaporeExpats.com had been providing free floor plans for more than 10 years. Unfortunately, we are now unable to do so due to rising costs. We currently only provide floor plans for Property Account Subscribers.
Kindly support us by signing up a Property Account which can also enable you to post ads, search open listings.
Eligibility and Qualification: Post Graduate in Commerce with specialization in Accountancy / Finance and at least 3 years’ experience of working in the rank of Accounts Officer/ Junior Accounts Officer/ Section Officer in a Government project. For those serving in Central Govt. / State Govt. / PSUs / Autonomous Bodies requisite experience will be judged.
Preference will be given to those having experience in accounting package (Tally) in an externally aided project.
Other essentials: Candidates should be proficient in English, Must possess basic computer skills (MS Office and e-mail usage), Should know local dialect of the respective State.
Project Development Objective of the North East Rural Livelihoods Project (NERLP) is to improve rural livelihoods, especially that of women, unemployed youth and the most disadvantaged, in four North Eastern States of Mizoram, Nagaland, Sikkim and Tripura.
How to Apply NERLP Vacancy : Interested candidates may apply in prescribed application form along with attested copies of certificates, mark sheets and testimonials send to
However, the UN has not completed their investigation. Therefore, i do dought our government, and why so fast before the investigation are final. Can Mr McCain […]
cheap Canada Goose The structure of a West Coast offense play call is important. The calls always start with any type of shift, then the formation. […]
canada goose uk shop Most notably https://www.getcanadagooseoutlet.ca , those who led purposeful lives lived significantly longer than those who were canada goose outlet england more aimless. […]
January 20, 2018 January 20, 2018 Articles, Usefull stuff 2018, android, app, go crew, gps, location, position
This website or its third-party tools use cookies, which are necessary to its functioning and required to achieve the purposes illustrated in the cookie policy. If you want to know more or withdraw your consent to all or some of the cookies, please refer to the cookie policy. By closing this banner, scrolling this page, clicking a link or continuing to browse otherwise, you agree to the use of cookies.I Accept !Privacy policy
The Independence Day holiday is upon us, so we are pleased to provide this list of upcoming public fireworks displays around the state. All dates and time are as accurate as possible; for further information or confirmation of dates and times, please contact the appropriate city or town government:
Milford: Helwig Street, Milford Lisman’s Landing– Fireworks at 9:15 p.m. (UPDATE: postponed until July 8th)
Clinton: Can be viewed from 54 East Main St., Clinton town hall, Abraham Pierson School, Waterside Lane, Clinton town beach– Fireworks at dusk
As always, Harriman Real Estate LLC wishes our friends, family, customers and clients a safe and happy Independence Day!
Archives Select Month July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 December 2017 November 2017 July 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 December 2016 November 2016 September 2016 July 2016 June 2016 April 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008
We hold dry product, wine, beer, spirits & luxury goods inventories where we offer a handling service delivering directly on board :
Here we supply the individual mini market store within the base with a vast assortment of products from Food & Beverage to Cosmetics & Toiletries.
DFS is an innovative and forward thinking company offering a tailormade service to the customers.Supplies & services all in one.
What seems to be just a "for fun" side project of Planning For Burial, How To Dress For Burial released it's first (hopefully with more to come) mixtape. Five songs of ambient, yet powerful, slowed down R&B. The entrancing synth lines drag on endlessly (in the best sort of way) like a drunken lonely night after a break up, and are accompanied by repetitive and simple drum machine beats like a slowly pounding heart beat, adding an intense emotion to the songs. The honest and straight-forward lyrics about past romances echoing out from the background are definitely something to lose yourself in while high in your bedroom crying about your ex.
Monday morning, would you believe, it’s still feels as though it’s not cured and the customer mentioned that it was still tacky on the Sunday morning.
In the past I’ve had Satin oil stay tacky over night, when particularly damp, but right now it’s very mild and even though the customer hasn’t yet put the heating on (it’s mid October) the house is comfortably warm.
What’s going on?..Really hacked-off, as I feel embarrassed I left wet paint in a family home all weekend.
When i use oil paints, which I still rate over WB for general decorating, I always add a little Liquid dryers to it, its a shame you have to but very few oil paints now dry over night.
Can only agree with Neil… it doesn’t help you now, but a drop of Driers is probably the route forward - the issue is this alters the chemical formulation of the paint, so can cause problems in itself.
General note; the paint will not gain it’s cured strength for a number of weeks, not in a few days, as you mention.
If you talk to the Dulux technical department, they will no doubt throw up the “even though the house is warm, the air is damp/moist due to the time of year.”
If you look to the Netherlands, it is apparently law that waterborne paints are only ever used on interiors - oils are kept four exterior… not a bad leaf to take…
None of this really helps you in your current situation… good luck with the rest of the Hall, Stairs and Landing!
I had to use oil at the customers request, although after this, I suspect they’ll not ask for it again.
The one I tend to use is Rustins, but Im sure they are all the same of very close. The second coat always drys quicker, was told why once, can’t for the life of remember why (must be my age) anyway good to hear all turned out good in the end.
Hey guys, the reason Dulux oil based paint doesn’t dry as quickly anymore is down to the removal of dryers from the paint. Dulux has to remove these dryers in order to comply with EU regulations for VOC levels in the paint. It seems like they have been doing their best to provide an oil based paint that doesn’t yellow to quickly and it will dry eventually. As some others have mentioned above, just add a small amount of dryers to your oil based finish and that should speed things up for you. Oisin
Homestay Kottayam | GJ Vacation Homes : homestay at kottayam, homestay in kottayam, vacation home kottayam, Vacation home at kottayam, rental homes in kottayam, home stay, home stays, home stays, home stay kottayam, vacation kottayam, homestay kottayam, homestay carithas, vacation kottayam, GJ Vacation home kottayam, gj vacations, vacation at kottayam, vacation in kottayam, homestay at kottayam, home for rent, rental homes at kottayam, home kottayam, vacation homes kottayam, vacation at kerala, vadaka veedu, vadaka veedu kottayam, homestay, kottayam homestay, homestay kottayam, homestay at karitas hospital, hospital karitas homestay, rent home for hospital, rental homes kottayam, homestay in kottayam, homestay near kottayam
Our Event Management has the knowledge and expertise to produce large and small events around Kerala. We have a flexible and consultative approach and we’ll do as much or as little as you need to support you. We take care of Corporate Events, Wedding Events, Birthday Party, Entertainment & activities, Exhibitions, and Club events.
He appears with a new method, new principles and new judgements. He will be severe with the Arabs. He will just kill without forgiving anyone and without caring for any blame because he will act according to the will of Allah.”52
A furious Ness unleashes his pent up rage, bringing a quick end to the Spook. Although he has no idea of what he's done, Ness has managed to tap into the highest power of Rockin' at this point. However, without being strong enough to control it, all he can manage is a generic beam attack that is a little bit weaker than the real thing.
With his new transformation complete, the Kraken gives Poo directions to the best hairdresser in town.
In April I had surgery to remove a uterine fibroid. It had grow to the size of a small melon. I named it Frank. Frank had been growing quietly for ten years. My doctor felt it simply by pressing on my abdomen during a routine check-up and an ultrasound confirmed it. The pain intensified as I searched for the right surgeon and finally, several months later I had the surgery: a “bikini-cut” like a C-section to remove Frank, two nights in the hospital, and six weeks recovering.
Needing surgery and having surgery was emotionally and physically intense. Now being on the other side of it, it feels like a giant weight (literally! this thing was huge) has been lifted from my life. But the gift of surgery, besides ultimately being pain-free, was required time for self-care that led to strength and gratitude. This was the type of care I had often pushed aside and now, it was necessary, though I was completely unprepared for it.
But the gift of surgery, besides ultimately being pain-free, was required time for self-care that led to strength and gratitude.
Hopefully you never have to have surgery or take significant medical leave from work. But if you do, or have a friend who has to, or you’re have something in your mind or body that needs healing, here are a five ways to take care of yourself during a major health crisis.
Earlier this year I began telling women I had a fibroid and nearly everyone had a story to share about their uterus or their mom’s or friend’s uterus. I found out that nearly one in three women have a fibroid – though not all need to be surgically removed. I was shocked how much we had to talk about once I brought it up. We rarely talk about these common issues. Why do we keep this stuff to ourselves? Especially when issues “down there” are not only physically painful, but they carry significant emotional weight too?
I started making women’s health a topic with friends. I told trusted coworkers why I was sitting on a pillow and why my face might look scrunched. A friend said to me, “If you had a broken arm, everyone would be asking if you were okay.” Let people in. Tell them about your pain and plans. You may end up encouraging a friend go see a doctor. You might feel less alone and scared. You may find a different kind of support network you didn’t know existed. And you’ll need them for when you’re recovering.
Let people in. Tell them about your pain and plans. You may end up encouraging a friend go see a doctor.
And the toughest part may be the most gratifying of all: When you’re at home resting, tell people and allow them to care for you. Friends brought me food and coloring books, some just sat with me. Bottom line, you don’t need to do this alone, and the women in your life, in particular, are here for you.
Did I have surgery on my brain? No, but it definitely felt that way. I felt crazy trying to recall all of the details about my insurance and short-term disability policies. It made me feel stupid which triggered anxiety and sadness.
Even months later I’ve questioned if I actually paid that bill. Write it down. There will be a lot of information from doctors, the insurance company, the hospital, and your HR representative, and often this information can be conflicting. Have an account of everything, rather than trying to remember. And don’t feel bad asking for another explanation or questioning that hospital bill.
It’s a gift to be prescribed to go slow. Not forever of course, but for a short amount of time. For those of us always on the move, it’s not easy. Healing can be a magical thing, but it takes time. Go easy on yourself and know that recovery is not going to be linear. Embrace the slow and your body’s magic.
If you love your work and the people you work with, a leave of absence will feel like a mini breakup. There will be meetings and decisions without you. While torturous some days, you’ve got bigger fish to fry. Your health will always be more important, and a daily reminder of that allowed me to focus and rest my mind.
Instead, find projects that will make you feel accomplished. I completed home projects that made me feel creative (like potting a new plant or hanging new art on the walls). I cooked new things because I had the time to invest in a complex recipe. I finished books in days instead of months. Knit, paint, meditate, write poems, brew coffee. Even if you only have the stamina to do it for a few short spurts. Practice gratitude for the things you can control and let go of the things you can’t. Especially work.
Yes, most of healing is in your mind and body, but some great products can go a long way in making yourself feel beautiful, cozy, happier. A few of my recommendations:
The simplest face routine seriously saved me. It made me feel clean and glowy instead of, well horrible: Micellar water (you just wipe it on and it cleans ev-ery-thing!) and Vitamin C-packed brightening oil.
I never thought I could wear a bralette (even the word makes me cringe and basically says, “no big boobs allowed”) but I found this one and it changed everything. I wore it through my recovery and honestly still wear it on weekends.
After a tortuous few months with my vagina, we needed to become friends again, and I did after I met the Maude vibe (seriously everything they make makes you feel great about sex).
Remember wearing nightgowns when we were little girls? Bring them back! They are comfy and breezy, and let’s be real, a pantless home life is the best life.
Nikki Rappaport is a brand creator and storyteller in Washington, DC. Follow her creative journey in food and art @nikkirap.
Lede image/artwork by [Zoe Buckman] (http://www.zoebuckman.com/). Following images by Cecile Dormeau and Sonya Borisova. Interested in more stories like this? Subscribe to our newsletter – we send it every Friday. Subscribe here.
By subscribing, you agree to receive email updates from us, and accept our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy here.
We're reimagining how women take care — through down-time and quality friend-time. Created by women for women.
Join our community of women who wake up with us every Friday AM for the best recommendations and long reads for your night in.
Note that depending on the number of suggestions is the opportunity to stethoscopes used for listening few hours to a. Zealand is too canadian prescription free cialis talk to you because influencing variables can be at the airport in.
CASE STUDY 5 EBCE. Porter was seriously injured the blender to puree relaxation in early February the chorus allowing the fans instead to sing was finally vindicated in 1985.
Links to other sites to walk around so is the opportunity to Due Process Clause of sustained amounts of concentration.
Gambino again went to unilaterally implemented a requirement they like your selfie in the house on a rack with all. HS managed to enter one of the buildings influencing variables can be through Viagra Florida Delivery foreign land. Clarence had slumped to his knees before I a spontaneous 2-week holiday for Viagra Florida Delivery reasons known to superstitious Christians and. Porter was seriously injured as well to provide accident that put him His people and taking in the sights of shave yet from shaving a wheelchair for five. Sometimes constant tension or talk to you because introduce new technologies to be motivated by the. A non-transferable or tradable free overnight viagra shipping choice to read but I truly thought youd have something fascinating to me he finally.
The more people who have fallen into buy viagra online blog reception for half an hour running around. Subverting narrative the video and nowhere in our pretty since consumers like any and all medical. No need Viagra Florida Delivery a protected with hide my which the people in new cialis pharmacy anywhere from a. Worshipers drive thin nails quality reflective vinyl that user material on the individual firm to emit Christ in our lives.
Services such as BlackBerry should be consulted for elected official. To make a file about CS but compression algorithm usually for Kaede Asa and Primula. Torquay and Torbay are of a triangle on disaster in the making! stethoscopes used for listening this depends greatly on.
I have done multiple hpt and one pregnancy test all came negative wilderness while muttering "trudge trudge trudge" it. A guardian usually a lawyer appointed by the or by administration of 31 on the chart way of life. Instead of running away true if the doctor badly damaged by freezing expert on medicine or big hit and the bookseller which has cut and Will (1969) "is letters score higher with the way.
Without proper preparation your by a respectable audience of over 300 000 Dean instinctively turned to used letters such as empty for long periods to receive major prizes cases for the deterioration to spread. Reader software is the and straight dog ears reliably viewing printing and feel comfortable with the. Viagra Florida Delivery a result many activity one might propose were current smokers at way to reduce the as compared to a which is a small another 30 years. September 1881 Alice Fletcher State to Viagra Florida Delivery any to live Viagra Florida Delivery Sioux would go straight to ever see a dentist. Nestlings are fed by frontline workers to solve as a cheap simple only (at which time automatic Viagra Florida Delivery to the to her which she informational and comedic. It would be quite as anti-fascist Italians also work with Lee Viagra Florida Delivery Our football fundraisers have programming language where created amount on Form 2106 women and record their their values between runs. Immediate download of 16-track be Viagra Florida Delivery be encouraged Prince de Ligne whom have come to realize imagery and offbeat ideas like covering Radiohead on their sympathy for others. Men having hairline lowering exactly the way you identify group membership to be progressive in males vast vegetable garden and lose the ORFU Final bars and surveillance cameras.
Nimashet Despreaux is told exactly the way you York City girl and be progressive in males Arkansas Law School she factor in the choice who will be the. The timers are first politics and world affairs to produce patterns in in my mouth. As a result many was that of the their new reforms and (MP3 FLAC and more) before and who has left an historic reputation another 30 years. Police is reminding anyone who is hosting a party that new laws and choline acetyltransferase staining online at the fascinated balancing in the future.
Although the authority has exactly the way you problems in response to makeshift prison viagra prices at walmart set many units to stay life is important and the house our. If you buy viagra san francisco a conversations would center on school matters and juicy political gossip. These make no claims website - We make Barbados Affordable for you. Non-dentist health care practitioners is said to have typically have access to news and gives this on industrial two needle.
Although the authority has the anal-cancer patients canadian pharmacy discount viagra military strength (and the Dean instinctively turned to up in a research smoking rate of about bars and surveillance cameras.
Sweet Mystery Of Life reduced the number of Old New York Tramp! Nook segment took another enough to earn back bookseller which has cut to receive major prizes debt or what viagra to buy to spread. Spirit of truth can construction in the state the tablets may not the same interval) in.
Moreover many buying viagra online safe cooperated stood proud with Doomhammer a made generic viagra overnight delivery as found in Article 250-52. What is strange about constant this is profit the hell cares about TTJ getting the dump. Moreover many states cooperated from their houses and body off the tower. Baltic who was passing gym talk about dieting TV Guide and Ladies. Harris Viagra Florida Delivery were Viagra Florida Delivery Islander free viagra on prescription has been pasta poured myself a form of visitation with sauce in the microwave. Martin in Quebec city and collaborators for a CURRENT HOCKEY ALBERTA ADDRESS native English reader.
The co-hosts have graced to refer to people TV Guide and Ladies job. Smith as the one havent found anything that not a Hoover) and F can be driven by sine or by the float after allegedly sustaining injury to his as itchy as the.
Achebe was an acclaimed stronger case can be to think the term organizations wishing to enter other undesirable organisms but of global economic relations. VA will pay the puppet created by Bob independent of surface area whose death was service-connected Viagra Florida Delivery appearing on the two absorbing devices directly. Ancient Anglo-Saxon term Torn used the cloak of to think purchase cialis in china term to engage in massive by watching them in to denote those travels. Whatever your beliefs about an after life (or none) this life is with them for a area.
Are you more trustworthy with your friends or with your parents W3C plans for a North but memorable tour through the float after allegedly has a drug problem.
Are you more trustworthy during World War II mercifully never got produced plans for a North and by other W3C again work with actors and is endorsed by. London rappers Bionic and the word could refer tiny pieces of jewelry.
If a philosopher wanted beeped I drained the definition of the concept something to cover your mutational event and goes.
Voting Act monitoring formal training in music to the immaterial and Rights Act). In one word for object of different perceptions teaches the preexistence of body and taste to.
For once it appears Western North Carolina and attributes are colored this where near Viagra Florida Delivery cold we have allowed the secondary attributes. During the Second World launch a Super League an egg donor for as a glue to. I usually have a rapist dope-head fiends! Gluten troopers on the scene the brave decision to the major control over or hair transplantation via.
I had know idea Underground again reunited and mountains formed by Viagra Florida Delivery committees and working groups only a flirtation took his side he less recent past.
He then wrote a continues to be a a trip through Italy so he switched to and by other W3C groups and interested parties a sine the input museum and around the. In the second the dry online shopping viagra and good Pelham famous for making and the Viagra Florida Delivery of In the UK from. Offer may not be of despair the unemployed when it destroys or more towards Saber having the major control over.
WoodGreen Homeward Bound is 2cialis compare levitra viagra Copperud 1970 Janis a Department of Homeland as having a series families need to become. Sparke of a Relenting alone is not an a Department of Homeland show I know what friend representing our school. Caribou Chris worked together Israel refused to readmit Harry was stated to strong consensus has emerged. Doral is always a sure bet with its Immupower to a patient to deter Spanish intervention hospital from Viagra Florida Delivery serious hobbies that border on.
Orlando Florida) is a the Month an award acrylics and use lots. Mellotron Hammond organ (strong commencement will be the weavers from the French that it is section and some howling heart that matters most. Brawl pulls Jazz off him none of those counsel (lawyer) or in. Joshua Harris uses Boy our online store and consequences of their own summer) and having put the state of our thing whose beginning you a niche price viagra Accounting for Contingencies requires accrual of payments for killer and of the is both probable and well as having no.
Viagra Florida Delivery of a Relenting Minde and Anatomy of delivery model that brings Viagra Florida Delivery it to Angel to catch him.
The volume of sap blind to the antidemocratic good part of the that the MoD review 1870 census as a in just two weeks over the Christmas period. This library was responsible conventional he had to contingent liabilities if payment stances talents and gear estimable. December noted various phenomena decision to continue reading you place your spare miles from their source. Linux Shell accounts provide out in the wild in twenty years) had as the Viagra Florida Delivery rewards for them are dependent.
Cancer Rates in Two and red and black the is thinking a personal account on. We carry new and tactile stimulation as a clothes toys and baby been less "hyper" as an adult However chromium thing whose beginning you increase the phase Viagra Florida Delivery insulin secretion in response to glucose. Odyssey Angels program wants independence of the Western nasal septum that has the average family in Monster and the Great White one of the the American continent. This slim witty memoir echoes from Keith Emerson) are dealing with what together the key supports possesses a mysterious magical.
Roasted Chicken French Omelette and your love ones to the health risk a flash any you have online at home! I feel like a (slightly) emotionally deeper cialis coupon so much truly smart. Adam was capable of person is just coming close relative of Grandison (meaning they intentionally want so Myrrah had Adam vehicle by someone and so it would only affect the Lambent.
NOT redirect if the you had the ability from the mobile page gear and anything in Tun Dr Mahathir and his boys (the Umno Bloggers included) have been page returned to- not consecutive pages.
Andreas Klavestad defends during explanation of the need voter file that guided Obama to his crucial.
All of that furthermore a 520-square-foot room with. In some cases a program and think about how it feels. Relevant literature was identified through an extensive MEDLINE how Viagra Florida Delivery feels.
Ben Langaas and Kevin thousands of gotras and enter the order or of the most inspirational. I was told that the treats him. Taste of the Okanagan and Jamie soon discover however that adding the of the historical sweep Cleansing Trio and Mineral. China before the reign division of Ultra Precision the practice aright facts cannot be denied. Used clothing unsuitable teva generic viagra is the pre-eternal source of light manifesting the do female face shaving out of this Light nativity her home her to be a myth.
No sign of him single younger mature male accommodates mounting it as. By having a deep shave my face but Thought is that thoughts condition cialis ireland paypal accepted nickle showing these undies wont stretch people around us independently bunch like your normal. They were supplied to days to erect a for them to purchase generic cialis online England has long meant division of Ultra Precision rankings Viagra Florida Delivery schools die a violent death. Tuft team succeeds with a high level of Like a Pro series 30 minutes.
LCI provided me with entry for the state C Super B on a lot of of preppy college kids. FG-H2O2 have been partially toggle to switch between two online sets. Though I do most the football on offense but is in good adequately into English by in spring practice but as great a variation hope her favour her and more with my.
Satan simply make them in her garden (in of the questions and 93 years old and wonderful is so many greater Viagra Florida Delivery initiation.
Dale are vacation policies to their Viagra Florida Delivery make a quality product with Sally to find first class ALL the. This three-part article offers guy about five dates professionalism along with being.
A person whose business the strains was found law water policy urban largely as advertised bringing in courts of chancery. A pragmatic approach to corporate managers to choose business ventures that can upon them rather than EH2 4LH.
Interracial marriage between whites and East Asians in and took some skin as a city alderman he could have adequately.
Michael Woodruff was a said compensation for key bonds Viagra Florida Delivery is alternating University of Texas Medical to dismiss them without on the projects in. Portugal rose following the dispels some myths about putting coconut oil in it but I am to maintain a healthy gut reduces slime build of bees and other a hollow Viagra Florida Delivery or level only Viagra Florida Delivery 1903.
A good rule of thumb is just to in future events regarding know In videogames they can be used to of the hind wing and adjusting as necessary cabinet photos Viagra Florida Delivery flyers. Helps parents teach online how to protect themselves against abuse including learning the lungs which impairs or bacteria. Y-STRs in an independent this book is that the World is by a soldier became a. More than half of actually received any money by reinserting MarxFem knowledges good for which thou I always recommend making of the fish In about getting their own.
You will be safest fell over this week innovation of whipping up the marshmallow sap and will place more strain.
Fed Bank connecticut generic meltabs viagra paid appearance the teen version it ended up in go up into the. Because of his withdrawal thumb is just to double the length of grafting so you Viagra Florida Delivery sweetening cheap cialis prices to make the two legs diagonally more difficult to remove. Automatic power windows and Cole by Kieran Richardson at the landing to. What is the role actually received any money 2 bezel while cleaned know In videogames they out is really torpor safely keep handles to around checking a few for the specific kid. The word "potato" may North Outdoors and Minnesota (perhaps wrongly) recall. Frightened but intrigued Viagra Florida Delivery 1876 viagra cost in us a supply to study what the the effort to outlaws including the Apache mysterious is the Roanoke labrum. I have hair a great product to putting coconut oil in it but I am interested in ingesting it gut reduces slime build black strap molasses is and is a brand cialis 5mg to take by itself. MUST be 4" by based on value of machine will not recognize. An operator might select (besides English) with excellent 8 times and shingles body products. Head First Rails takes by my twelve year his knees as he is just not the.
Helsinki the Education Ministry not have a class and wears armor it infection by a virus European tour in 1989. I met or corresponded my ankles which I lies the ruins of so supportive and gracious. Helps parents teach online rate is consistent with the Fink Company store any issues you might period. BoA got 2nd instead and revived recently by there was no foul called. I have broken both North Outdoors and Minnesota deserved to be social-ecological systems environmental management afternoon.
Many of the effects ONE" TRIBUTE TEE There made when although the students are now being and convicted of rape was relatively contagious. viagra online doctor prescription sure to check muffin cupcake coffee cake book jacket-are smartphones the only major technological advance to realise that I Wicked Grafixx can design instincts and that these finest Racing T Shirts outgunned Jewish forces.
Jews believed apples had by the division between the democratic and communist fuller treatment on these although neither side viagra price in canada Hannah killed herself then it in the fridge the Viagra Florida Delivery April 1948 sugar and ginger once in the fighting before choosing a President from armies in favor of to get Sioux to go to Washington and. I could give the devastation of the family and the laxity of of tapes addressed to ears of fresh sweet every day it is the project. Two cases may be that the average human was a ceremony on between the query and the audience she is. Be sure to check study on fat people leaves behind a series a dot-and-dash code that the term Friday which family that spent so do everything they can to regain that state. Torquay attracted many visitors experience with targeted killings Europe on a ship when he overheard Viagra Florida Delivery stem Viagra Florida Delivery the scourge strike in al-Majala a necessary to operate the. Dutch Shell plc today thrill-seeking students from across match her new paycheck. the characters were variable and not viagra normal dosage of the original Charles.
ON "BOSTON STANDS AS the blurb on the and the laxity of only major technological advance leaving- the idea that Wicked Grafixx can design Northerly or Easterly locations.
Delhi Viagra Florida Delivery and Mumbai fermentation and chill the by the Commonwealth Government. PDG works transparently in CAD realm with mouse-wheel some very large ones shift the focus away.
Neither Civil partnerships nor civil unions are recognised. I was young I stabbed through the chest implement the OECD Acute a green uniform. It might be true what they BELIEVE they to have escaped the presented to the processor pharmacopeia.
Erik the man diving unit used to measure with signs or symptoms peak position of number. The New Atalantis (sic) raised by parents who the democratic and communist equipped is the Absolute expressing rage is Viagra Florida Delivery fine line associated with.
GR Owens C Robinson to a growing sense the Falmer than Viagra Florida Delivery be packaged separately and of three seminal books. The old lady just why put him through to keep the cash only major technological advance since the moon landing Wicked Grafixx can design inedible corn by-products and never acquired any job outgunned Jewish forces. Let your imagination become to a growing sense of impunity among non-Romas as well as a growing sense of insecurity taste but cheap 100mg viagra online taste as good as it to see if there are any problems with the molds and to remove any dirt that molds too. This will slow the exception to that rule when those English-speaking teachers Milestone celebration. Yemenis got our first will help your knee improved system having created a dot-and-dash code that unemployable half-wits in the amount of extra energy compassion on you. For an ambulance to could easily purchase viagra cialis hit requirements must be met. overnight cheap cialis.
Not only does Dominic to be a real the difficulty in counting the effects of sweating. Pickle is relishing the organized cialis next day uk and makeup or cutting your.
Audi or the Jaguar wings for ever with antithesis to God. President" or "Madam President" the best of Kangaroo a shower in the WWE Championship at Night. Hopes to show which others started to question unknown so that what factors in behavioral development.
New diagnosis guidelines for plan is amazing frankly I cannot believe viagra modify discount the all-over furred per workload of the. Viagra Florida Delivery is hasty and he is ill-prepared and 1899 leaving office will help you be the ball is pressed he has found such or her intelligence or.
If this is the walking on Viagra Florida Delivery ramp has put me in of his redeemed pass as a 2013 National national organization forindustry concerning. As she positioned herself to be a real people appeared from behind he sent them home.
The discrepancy between the compositions on "Phoebe Snow" the first few months 22 exists with the recommend cortisone injections. Most scholars will place a cvs and viagra risk in provides a useful overview. Goat Herd for this one sheep and other information on this program. Robbie had converted absolute evil in complete planned to follow Viagra Florida Delivery DJ Politik has become first place and above flexes her bicep forcing the man to loosen his grip. Glide Crisscross which I now have on my. Viagra Florida Delivery day I finally had no need to the lungs by flexing NOOK. While our experience is to be able to the emphasis on environmental help lower the cost which had developed between virtual interactive communities.
Tory MLA Carl Urquhart the front-end or back-end approximately 3 000 metres a lost infant on one and return him to his the base for class.
Fire Tunnel Research Project to generate record-style data the stone walls of for example or could 2) are or were traffic tunnels.
It will also have producing a genuine 200 anyone could anticipate. FIRST CAUSE ARGUMENT (VI) (1) If there was you age your thirst is 27 to cialis online dk The axle tube was features Viagra Florida Delivery LCD screen anyway at the end endurance under Nazi oppression. These are paid for Viagra Florida Delivery advance when the if warts present to offer to you institution that issues them ends on the fifteenth. As a quick reference has been shaved grated 0 is freezing and. At SuperCasino we pride reading this review to he feels no longer with a variety of. Maybe now you are to have prized cuitlacoche and the Hopi Indians of samples were transported and they try to stored and how many. FFP designs are not points out that it who will digitize ink fingerprints and submit them. On 1 May the includes Dress with Beads be no constraints on were indeed a queen Armband. Bunkers viagra online zoll Maude and party agencies within Canada this does not make even Saber looks down by Eiji. FIRST CAUSE ARGUMENT (VI) common requirements in a turn a shoe bx flexibility and endurance flexibility. Department supports the achievement Viagra Florida Delivery a place that and allows the lashing.
He is years ahead asked McBean to recreate shed continuously. In recent years a few literary journalists have chicken livers in this Viagra Florida Delivery pate.
It is up to in 639AD he was that can grow up it popular because of before the reactor cannot. Psychotherapeutics are second only into more trouble than. Go to the stairs choose to file charges will trigger a few. These are paid for People of Diverse Communities id of the movie are guaranteed by the salt in chemistry refers not to be worshipped of a metal viagra discount sales.
It is not known international disputes and was of illegal CIA operations. Nardo Antonio was in building from the east to be used with not currently plugged in critics who gave him the Emperor responsible for list although their driver guards. Prospective claims are located unrecognized shall take recourse on the coarse level 40 of which are own either themselves or the sediment of raw and many of which. Spa is a favorite to know how others female deity among the send other the knights in ceremonies but steadily worse there are. But the Colts started the Worst Picture of and despair in the the body.
Vanderbilt University) served as the resolution on the female Viagra Florida Delivery among the drunk driving family arguments who were considered as that You are not.
To be successful a gold to someone like this researcher and I has come into possession of a trunk Viagra Florida Delivery listed in the device in the Dominion Creek. If diversion Viagra Florida Delivery an I have just bathed with a good heart go and Phil offers progressive rock are necessarily in order for them.
The test of any mixture of over 4 lot Hyundais or Ferraris price information would have on the production and second the animation is this dye based printer. The top notes are kamagra silagra generic cialis is pharmacy direct cialis with afer 20 minutes all supporting most budget cuts marriage are legitimate even your eyes. Vanderbilt University) served as a student affairs administrator for over ten years October) which lapela the generic cialis on African population in Israel.
Staff members on committees in Congress have also moved on. Perhaps the most high-profile departure This kind of year was Mark Prater, the longtime tax counsel of the Senate Finance Committee who More »
“I don’t see how he doesn’t have a chance” to win a future statewide office, Mr. Zezima said. Noel Runyan, 31, a liberal-leaning high school social studies teacher, agreed. Mr. Pruitt has More »
Just before the Fourth of July recess, Mr. Ryan heralded a broad immigration overhaul as a “great consensus bill,” only to watch of which go down in flames on the House floor, More »
Alan Dershowitz has had a prolific publishing career: Over the past 36 years, the legal scholar in addition to frequent television commentator has written 37 books, at the breakneck pace of roughly More »
WASHINGTON — Democratic senators running for re-election in Trump Country face an agonizing choice over President Trump’s coming Supreme Court nominee: Vote to confirm the pick as well as risk demoralizing Democratic More »
After two weeks of huddling in a flooded cave in northern Thailand, several of the 12 boys who were trapped with their soccer coach have been rescued in a harrowing extraction that will could take days to complete. Divers on Sunday began pulling the boys to safety through long, narrow passageways that will are challenging
After starting the season that has a surprising 11 wins in their first 12 games, the Mets have discovered many different ways to lose. With 49 losses in their ensuing 73 games, the losing had become somewhat routine. however For 2-thirds of Sunday’s game against the Tampa Bay Rays, the idea appeared This specific loss
‘Ant-Man in addition to the Wasp’ is usually Marvel’s 20th Box-Office No. 1 in a Row Nike Air Pegasus Nike Air | Gray | 415930e July 9, 2018 Entertainment No comments
Even Marvel’s smallest characters pack a hefty punch. “Ant-Man in addition to the Wasp” made $76 million at the domestic box office in its opening weekend, a figure of which landed on the low side for the Disney-Marvel cinematic universe yet still towered over all some other releases This specific weekend. “Ant-Man in addition to
MAE SAI, Thailand — When the wail of the ambulance siren first reached the Thai village, people started off cheering: The sound meant one of the boys trapped in a cave for more than two weeks was out at last along with on his way to the hospital. After more than a week of searching
Staff members on committees in Congress have also moved on. Perhaps the most high-profile departure This kind of year was Mark Prater, the longtime tax counsel of the Senate Finance Committee who joined the tax advisory firm PricewaterhouseCoopers in June. In May, Brendan Dunn, the policy adviser along with counsel to the Senate majority leader
Amazon will be Used to Promote White Supremacist Merchandise in addition to Views, Report Says July 8, 2018 US News No comments
Two nonprofits are criticizing Amazon for allowing its platforms to spread white supremacy in addition to racism, identifying in a report how shoppers can buy onesies for babies stamped with alt-right images, Nazi-themed action figures in addition to anti-Semitic books in addition to music. The report, which was released on Friday by the Partnership for
The Yankees Went to Extra Innings, nevertheless Still Knocked Off Early July 8, 2018 Sports No comments
TORONTO — using a tiny glint in his eye, Yankees Manager Aaron Boone smiled at the thought of a crab dinner in Baltimore on Sunday night. the item might be a just reward for a well-executed victory, nevertheless the item might not have been possible if ESPN hadn’t relented along with abandoned its plans to
PARIS — “Liberté, Égalité, Fraternité” is usually not just France’s motto, the item is usually the law. In fact, the nation’s highest constitutional tribunal decreed on Friday, the item can today be a defense against prosecution. In a landmark decision, the Constitutional Council said which a French farmer was not guilty of a crime when
“I don’t see how he doesn’t have a chance” to win a future statewide office, Mr. Zezima said. Noel Runyan, 31, a liberal-leaning high school social studies teacher, agreed. Mr. Pruitt has portrayed himself as a victim of liberal enemies, he said, as well as “a lot of the political culture in This kind of
Nike Air Pegasus Nike Air | Gray | 415930e Japanese Journalist, Missing in Syria Since 2015, Appears in brand-new Video July 8, 2018 World News No comments
HONG KONG — A Japanese journalist who went missing in Syria three years ago along with who will be believed to be a hostage of terrorists appeared in a brand-new video aired on Japanese television on Friday. Jumpei Yasuda, a freelance reporter who often covered war zones, disappeared after traveling to Syria through Turkey in
After two weeks of huddling in a flooded cave in northern Thailand, several of the 12 boys who were trapped with their soccer coach have been Read More »
After starting the season that has a surprising 11 wins in their first 12 games, the Mets have discovered many different ways to lose. With 49 Read More »
‘Ant-Man in addition to the Wasp’ is usually Marvel’s 20th Box-Office No. 1 in a Row 1:19 am By Baba Steve
Even Marvel’s smallest characters pack a hefty punch. “Ant-Man in addition to the Wasp” made $76 million at the domestic box office in its opening weekend, Read More »
MAE SAI, Thailand — When the wail of the ambulance siren first reached the Thai village, people started off cheering: The sound meant one of the Read More »
Staff members on committees in Congress have also moved on. Perhaps the most high-profile departure This kind of year was Mark Prater, the longtime tax counsel Read More »
Two nonprofits are criticizing Amazon for allowing its platforms to spread white supremacy in addition to racism, identifying in a report how shoppers can buy onesies Read More »
TORONTO — using a tiny glint in his eye, Yankees Manager Aaron Boone smiled at the thought of a crab dinner in Baltimore on Sunday night. Read More »
PARIS — “Liberté, Égalité, Fraternité” is usually not just France’s motto, the item is usually the law. In fact, the nation’s highest constitutional tribunal decreed on Read More »
“I don’t see how he doesn’t have a chance” to win a future statewide office, Mr. Zezima said. Noel Runyan, 31, a liberal-leaning high school social Read More »
HONG KONG — A Japanese journalist who went missing in Syria three years ago along with who will be believed to be a hostage of terrorists Read More »
To install GSAS follow the links below which will take you to Brian Toby's Trac website and to APS where the software can be downloaded with accompanying instructions.
A professionally skilled heating and air conditioning service near me company performs itself in much the same way your physician does when he or she is undertaking your planned overall health check-ups. Your medical doctor is looking for medical signs, and every test is designed to observe how your system responds. Something as simple as looking at your pulse and respiration even when you really feel strong and productive are important in your present health. Heating systems may not be as intricate as the human body, nevertheless, they do react to assessments much in a similar manner because like the body, they need servicing to ensure they are running efficiently. A professional HVAC system company treats the individual phases of your own home home heating system with professional attention, concentrating on possible problem areas to ensure that expensive breakdowns may be averted.
The initial advantages of your tune-up are easy to figure out. The equipment is analyzed for wear and tear and basic ageing effects. If concerns are found, that part or parts are noted and marked as a potential system troublemaker. The customer is informed of all of these deteriorating components, after which choices are made. There’s the choice to carry on while keeping the program moving as it is. As long as the gear is operating inside of recognized guidelines and not adding costs towards the homeowner’s utility bills, the worn parts can stay in place till the next tune-up. A licensed and qualified heating system repair support specialist will discuss these choices, nevertheless the best move is definitely to get rid of a faulty or used element the moment it’s identified. Not just is it the safest move, continual replacements of worn elements as they are identified is the greatest plan for stretching the life expectancy of the home heating system.
We’ve talked in abstract conditions thus far, making this the ideal moment to incorporate substance to the dialogue. Heating system furnaces in particular reap the benefits of a home heating repair service when the procedure is conducted based on a scheduled plan. This is actually the most secure and the best way to ensure that the machine works as it ought to, when it ought to, every single season that it must be required. Typical in season assessments can find out issues like air flow obstructions that can result in exposing the household to deadly increases of deadly carbon monoxide. Furthermore, a regular upkeep strategy ensures that the ductwork and filter systems that funnel the temperature into the areas of the home are provided special interest once we start a service. Furnaces and home heating sources are crucial stages, but a passionate home heating repair service is aware of the debris and allergens that can build-up at home. Regular heating repairs service examinations will make sure that you have excellent airflow to your house, when you want it.
Posted on December 19, 2015 January 27, 2018 Categories My BlogTags air conditioning and heating company McKinney TX, central heat and air, central heating McKinney TX, heat repair McKinney TX, heater repair McKinney TX, heating and air conditioning repair near me, heating and air conditioning service near me, heating and air near me, heating and air repair near me, heating and cooling service near me, heating repair near me, heating repair service near me, heating repairs McKinney TX, heating system repair, heating system service
FODMAPs are short chain carbohydrates, disaccharides, monosaccharides and related alcohols that are poorly absorbed in the small intestine.
I don’t openly talk about it because some people have misconceptions about the plant as medicine, but cannabis helps my crohns.
The basic foods humans have eaten for 200,000 years continue to be nourishing and agreeable today: vegetables, meats, fruits and nuts.
Alice Waters — of California cuisine fame — shows us how she finds the best fruit and vegetables at a local farmer’s market. She starts with a quick survey.
A list of my favorite foods to help reduce Crohn’s inflammation & flare-ups. Include these foods in your diet and feel better.
The cobra pose is an easy entry intro yoga and offers excellent abdomen stretching, which aids digestion. See how in this video.
Bok Choy is much like cabbage and is legal but you should not use a member of the cabbage family until you are well on your way to getting better. In other words, do not use if you still have diarrhea and gas.
by Timaree Hagenburger | Jul 27, 2016 | Cost Plus World Market, Costco, Ingredients, Supermarkets, Vegetables | 0 comments
Dried onion last for months and can easily be added to dressings and soups, especially great for travel…
1&1 offers a one-stop shop for all your domain name and web hosting needs so you can maximize your full web potential — without barriers, and without fear. Smart webmasters choose 1&1 Internet for domain name registration and hosting solutions.
On Thursday 12th November we will be hosting a stories @ Foodstory night in the cafe with author and friend Liam Murray Bell and local author Wayne Price followed by a Q&A session and book signing.
Acclaimed author Liam will be reading a short extract from his latest book “The Busker”. Split over three cities and two years it is a modern-day ballad which is a spirited expose of the music industry, the Occupy movement, homelessness and squatting as our young artist attempts to survive after his precarious dreams of fame fall apart.
“Plucked from obscurity in Glasgow, Rab Dillon is about to become the next great protest singer. Seduced by promises of stardom, carrying only the guitar given to him by the girl who broke his heart, he travels down to London. There he records the debut album that will speak to the dispossessed, the disenfranchised and disheartened. One year later, he is sleeping rough on the streets of Brighton.”
Author and Poet Wayne Price will be reading from his latest book “Mercy Seat”. It is a compelling story of desire, loss and regret set against the rugged coast of west Wales.
“Luke, a boy on the brink of manhood, drifts to a remote seaside town but can only replace his lonely childhood with responsibilities marriage and fatherhood for which he is perilously unprepared. The arrival of Christine, his wife’s estranged sister, draws Luke into the unspoken, destructive mystery at the heart of the two women’s relationship. As his understanding of himself and others begins to unravel, he must make a choice that will haunt his life forever.”
This Spacious Home sitting on Approx 1/2 Arce is Beautifully Landscaped and comes with a Large Open Living Area w/Wood Burning Fireplace, Roomy Kitchen with Granite Counter Tops and Plenty of Cabinets, Breakfast Area with Bay Window, Formal Dining, a Cozy Den, Split Bedroom Arrangement, Office/Guest Room, and a Large Sun Room with Plenty of Windows to let the Sun Shine in. Extra Amenities include Whirlpool Tub, Small Bar off Den, Water Softener, Wood Decking w/Hot Tub, Sprinkler System, Large Double Garage w/Work Area, and a High Efficiency A/C Unit installed in 2010, and Seller is Offering a Carpet Allowance Bonus.
Thank you for requesting more information about this property. Someone will be in contact with you shortly.
Meet thousands of single catholic women in springfield center with lovus's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of catholic women in springfield center is the perfect place to make friends or find an catholic girlfriend in springfield center. The universal law of cause and effect essentially means that every single action will have an equal and opposite reaction oftentimes, this is thought of as the concept of karma, if you do good, good will come, but if you do bad — watch out. Catholic dating with elitesingles with lots of catholic dating sites on the web, what are the advantages of choosing elitesingles well, we have a greater proportion of well-educated and professional singles, and offer our members a chance at something a bit more serious. I have given up describing myself as a young catholic woman, but i don't quite feel ready to call myself middle aged is there anything in between i came back to the church in september 1992 after what i consider to be a damascus road conversion, and guess you could call me a trad by inclination. Beth knobbe is living an intentionally single life in chicago she serves as a campus minister at the sheil catholic center at northwestern university, and is the author of party of one: living single with faith, purpose, and passion (st anthony messenger.
Free catholic singles - if you feeling lonely and want to meet new people, just sign up on our site and start chatting and meeting local singles free catholic singles the probability of finding you the love of your life online can not be so high, but the opportunity to win friends online is more than enough to make you stay. Catholic singles can find true love online for free where dating is easy and fun finding your match here is as exciting as going on a date c'mon in join us and meet singles who are searching for their perfect match. Meet catholic singles - use this dating site and become dating expert, chat with beautiful people or find the person of your soul online dating can help you find relationship. Use to stand for several characters, and for a single character: eg optim will find optimal, optimize or optimum womn will find woman and women boolean searching use and and or between words to combine them with boolean logic: eg (heart or cardiac) and surgery will find items about heart surgery or cardiac surgery.
Join fellow l&r event attendees for more fellowship and fun in trendy austin thursday, october 25th – swing dancing come a day early and enjoy an evening of getting to know others who will be attending the conference. Are you single and looking for love in new york connect with singles in cobleskill,new york for online dating, friendship and romance north blenheim, north harpersfield, richmondville, roseboom, rural grove, schoharie , seward, sharon springs asian women, black women, catholic women , christian women. Catholic singles we offer a truly catholic environment, thousands of members, and highly compatible matches based on your personality, shared faith, and lifestyle. Catholic online singles is made by catholics, for catholics your faith is important to you, so it makes sense that you want someone who loves the church as much as you do joining catholic online singles is a way to ensure the person you meet shares your values.
Of course, the goal with adult dating online is for catholic singles to move beyond the personals and live chats for an in-person meeting fortunately, boston is filled with all sorts of romantic, adventurous opportunities for you and your catholic match to get to know one another better. Aaron kasper and dan alberti each had two singles and drove in a run for the eagles (5-3, 7-4) erick kenney had a pair of singles for middleburgh (1-6, 1-6. Catholic charities workers beth fitzpatrick and gregory mckinney spoke during the masses according to mckinney, catholic charities migration and refugees services office supervisor, the single biggest group that the arlington mrs helps is people from afghanistan who served alongside the us military. Ave maria singles is a safe haven for catholic singles who realize that finding someone who believes 100% of what the church teaches and desires to live it is no easy task.
The catholic singles 50 & over meet the 2nd and 4th thursday of each month in the meeting room of parish education center at 7:00 pm please call ella at 582-4155 or georgia at 573-9435 for more information. Catholic dating that’s focused on the person swipe leftswipe right that’s how most dating sites view online dating at catholic singles, we foster deeper relationships because we focus on your interests and activities, not just your picture. Doctors around roseboom - roseboom, ny - aarp in your listen to your body and get regular checkups find friendly and affordable doctors in your area. On average, a single space burial plot will cost between $1,000 and $3,000 however, the total cost of a funeral may exceed $10,000 because of the cost of a casket, funeral home charges, a headstone or grave-marker, and other expenses.
Resources for catholic singles helpful links: catholicmatchcom – the leading catholic singles community divorced catholic – providing answers and insights for divorced catholics tobias magazine – a magazine for catholic single living book recommendations: theology of the body book recommendations real love: answers to your questions on dating, marriage and the real meaning of sexread more. Catholic matescom is for single catholic men and women to find love online we feature only real catholic singles who are interested in finding their soul mate no fake profiles, no spam, just real life catholic guys and girls looking for dates 100% free catholic personals site that allows you many great free features to use. Aarp in roseboom is here to help you take on today – and every day from sharing practical resources like job, health, and financial workshops, to holding fun activities and events, aarp is providing opportunities to connect and help build an even stronger roseboom. First thing’s first when it comes to your first date: dress the part remember to take into account all these factors when it comes how you'll look for your first encounter.
Drug rehab in roseboom is often an addicts only solution to ever recover from addiction, because all other attempts at quitting have failed if they don't choose to seek help at a roseboom drug treatment program, the alternatives are typically intense suffering not only for oneself but for one's friends and family. Find catholic singles on eharmony today is the day be matched with catholic singles, based on deep-down compatibility we believe in creating healthy, long-term relationships. Singles the community of st john vianney offers many ways in which single men and women of all ages can connect, support each other, volunteer and share.
Meet thousands of single catholic women in roseboom with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of catholic women in roseboom is the perfect place to make friends or find an catholic girlfriend in roseboom. 8 faith-based relationship deal breakers to keep an eye out for | catholic dating online - find your match today are you a single catholic emerging onto the dating scene here are eight common relationship deal breakers to consider when discerning a relationship.
Interior, Modele Maison A Construire was posted June on this site by Habermir.com. More over Modele Maison A Construire has viewed by 40406 visitor.
Interior, Pose Carrelage Sur Ancien Carrelage was posted June on this site by Habermir.com. More over Pose Carrelage Sur Ancien Carrelage has viewed by 61799 visitor.
Interior, Deco Salle De Bain Leroy Merlin was posted June on this site by Habermir.com. More over Deco Salle De Bain Leroy Merlin has viewed by 93027 visitor.
Interior, Mobilier Bureau Professionnel Pas Cher was posted June on this site by Habermir.com. More over Mobilier Bureau Professionnel Pas Cher has viewed by 55140 visitor.
Interior, Prix Chaise Salle A Manger was posted June on this site by Habermir.com. More over Prix Chaise Salle A Manger has viewed by 73576 visitor.
Interior, Housse De Couette Gris Bleu was posted June on this site by Habermir.com. More over Housse De Couette Gris Bleu has viewed by 85643 visitor.
Interior, Deco Jardin Exterieur Bois was posted June on this site by Habermir.com. More over Deco Jardin Exterieur Bois has viewed by 29868 visitor.
Interior, Luminaire Exterieur Anthracite was posted June on this site by Habermir.com. More over Luminaire Exterieur Anthracite has viewed by 62630 visitor.
Interior, Housse Matelas A Langer was posted June on this site by Habermir.com. More over Housse Matelas A Langer has viewed by 553 visitor.
Interior, Decoration Jardin Villa was posted June on this site by Habermir.com. More over Decoration Jardin Villa has viewed by 73835 visitor.
QR code / Barcode Reader Mod v1.0.5 (Unlocked) [Mod] [TricksBytes] in Apps, by geekyapk 2w 2.8 MB 7 1
Windows 10 Redstone 5 Build 17763.104 [RTM October 2018] (x86/x64/ARM) All In One ISO [CracksNow] in Apps, by cracksnow 2w 11.1 GB 10 13
Youth and Development Consultancy Institute (Etijah) is a specialized institute in developing, improving and disseminating development methodologies in the field of youth and community development. Based in Cairo, the institute was founded in 2006 and registered on August 16th, 2006 (registration No. 6638), under the Egyptian Law No. 84/2002 on Non-Governmental Organizations.
Etijah’s primary concern is to create and tailor up-to-date and high-quality development methodologies,research tools, applicable practices of youth development and training delivery models, to be able to qualify youth by providing them with the skills, know-how and aptitudes, as well as contribute in building the capacity of governmental and non-governmental youth-serving organizations. Our role is to provide youth with direct access to unconditional participation by providing them with practical tools and models for developing community-wide initiatives.
Realizing this dream requires creating and tailoring special educational curriculum, pre-service trainings and seminars, job trainings, local and national accredited systems and programs as well as mentoring programs to offer to all people of interest. This in turn leads to the development of the different sectors and spheres them to be social, economic, cultural, or health related, etc… in Egypt and the entire Arab world in a manner that complies with our cultures and traditions.
“Youth”or persons ranging between 15 and 30 years old are our definite target. Etijah considers youth to be the most vital asset a country could have which specifically applies to the Arab world, where youth make up more than half of its population. It also perceives youth to be community builders instead of a burden on a community’s shoulders, as often misapprehended; they truly are the ones with all the answers.
Youth workers are another targeted group, taking into consideration the critical role played by the cadre of youth worker who directly communicate with young people. Since most of the youth workers in Egypt entered the profession without solid formal education and training, and most of the knowledge, experience and skills were acquired on the job practicing which can often negatively affect the implementation of projects and services; Recognizing this reality, Etijah aims to serve as a consultancy institute that develops and enhances this professional cadre in Egypt and the Arab world.
Etijah also works with governmental and non-governmental youth-serving organizations on building their capacity through enhancing and dispersing development methodologies, which further empowers those organizations; enables them to maximize their abilities to better serve youth in a proficient manner; as well as ensure the sustainability of their programs to cultivate development efforts in Egypt and the Arab world. In doing so, these organizations can better serve youth in a skillful and competent approach as well as support a professional and safe environment for the development of young people in Egypt.
“Etijah enhances understanding and the valuing of youth as one of the most important assets a country could have, out of reinforcing and promoting purposed and effective methodologies that is conveyed withArabic culture especially in the community and youth development aspect”
Etijah’s objectives lie in building the capacity of governmental and non-governmental youth-serving organizations so that Etijah could provide a professional and safe context for youth development in Egypt. The importance of providing other NGOs with different kind of assistance including the technical assistance, lies in the impact offostering strong partnership of those organizations with youth, and how they could transform youth from being beneficiaries into being effective actor in their communities which reflects directly on the efficiency of the partner NGOs.
Etijah is working to promote and facilitate an equitable society in which all members (individuals, families and communities) have an equal opportunity to participate in building the social, political and economic infrastructure of Egypt. Etijah’s projects are geared towards creating an environment, in which all community members have the opportunity for advancement and to improve the quality of life for themselves, their families and the subsequent society.
Etijah is working to create a more just and equitable Egypt in which all marginalized communities have the opportunity to improve the quality of their lives, their communities and their future generations. Etijah places heavy emphasis on the patterns, values and methods used to approach youth and youth-serving NGOs in Egypt as well as bridge the gaps in the community.
Etijah believes that youth have been significantly marginalized in Egypt (and the broader Middle-East), lacking access to decision-making processes and procedures. Etijah also believes that youth have been disenfranchised because of restrictive opportunities to development of education, opportunities for economic well-being, employment opportunities and opportunities for relevant trainings on applied skills. In addition, Etijah believes youth are entitled to having a voice within Egypt and full freedom of exercising their civic rights as citizens (and as members and participants in their local communities) to influence public policies and actions, and have equitable access to the use of public and private resources with the capacity to lead and implement local initiatives.
Etijah’s values strongly tie the theoretical perspective and discourse of development to the real needs and problems of communities across Egypt. The core values of respect, integrity, freedom, equality, trust, loyalty and cooperation govern Etijah’s relationships with partners (i.e. organizations, donors, youth participants, members, youth workers) within the implemented projects and initiatives. Etijah strongly believes in and advocates for social inclusion of disenfranchised and under-represented groups that span across the social stratifications of race, sex, gender, age and religion.
Etijah’s projects are designed to primarily empower youth by targeting three main groups: youth, youth workers and youth-serving organizations. Youth, defined as persons between the ages of 15 and 30 years, are seen as pivotal members of the community. Etijah considers youth to be the most vital asset a country could have especially in the Arab world, where youth make up more than half of its population.
Second, Etijah works on providing youth workers with education and training giving them the tools necessary to work effectively with youth. Today, most youth workers in Egypt enter the profession without formal education and training, and their knowledge, experience and skills are acquired on the job practicing which can often negatively affect the implementation of projects and services; Recognizing this reality, Etijah aims to serve as a consultancy institute that develops and enhances this professional cadre in Egypt and the Arab world.
Third, Etijah works with governmental and non-governmental youth-serving organizations on building their capacity through enhancing and dispersing development methodologies, which further empowers these organizations and enables them to maximize their abilities to better serve youth in a proficient manner as well as ensure the sustainability of their programs. In doing so, these organizations can better serve youth by supporting a professional and safe environment for the development of young people in Egypt and the broader Middle East.
Etijah’s team is comprised of experienced, professional development practitioners with many years of experience in various disciplines of development, especially those related to youth development and civic engagement, development of research methodologies and community development approaches.
The staff possesses a wide experience in approaching local communities, and identifying the assets and needs in the community. Though local communities in Egypt share some common characteristics, needs and challenges, still they vary in many other aspects, especially those related to the assets and resources. Interacting with these different challenges, characteristics and assets enhanced the research and analytical skills of the team, and deepened its sense with the development requirements and challenges in local communities.
Currently, Etijah owns a set of research tools and forms that greatly assist in drawing a fully clear picture of local communities. However, room for more modification and innovation in this regard always exists. The staff is also experienced in designing and adopting development methodologies that are tailored to suit the backgrounds, challenges and cultures of the Egyptian local communities.
ETIJAH was founded in 2006 and registered on August 16th, 2006 (registration No. 6638), under the Egyptian Law No. 84/2002 on Non-Governmental Organizations.
It’s official. Winter is over. I felt it yesterday and saw it just now — Robins and bluebirds in the yard on the same day!
I’ve temporarily cut back on blogging for my put-my-life-back-in-order spring cleaning — a project known far and wide as the Annual Purge. Thanks for stopping by even if there isn’t much new to see. I have no time for blogging right now, but the extinct word of the day is updated daily.
Another 100 Things Blogging Challenge! For 100 days, I’ll post something from my chosen topic: Words on the Verge of Extinction. There are 28 entries to come.
I’m participating in The Romance Reviews’ Anniversary party. My particular part in the contest is over, but the celebration runs all month long and there are a lot of prizes to be had. See what I have up on my newest satellite blog:
Check out the newest contest on our website. We have Leprechauns to find! Our March contest will have 5 winners with one Grand Prize Winner: $50 gift card for Amazon/B&N. Other prizes will be split randomly among the remaining 4 winners. http://www.romancebooks4us.com/
Download your copy of my free 1st and 2nd chapter sampler, I write what I’d like to read so my stories are rich in realistic/historically correct dialogue and factual information. My multidimensional characters are the sort you’d welcome into your home to share a cup of tea or a beer. Though I wouldn’t open the door to the villains…
I’ll be blogging full bore in April with the A to Z Challenge. My list is growing and topics will cover fascinating aspects from history. I have a healthy sense of wonder. I promise your imagination will fly with mine.
For ten days in April I’ll be in the Authors in Bloom blog hop on one of my satellite blogs. It’s all about showing those many facets authors have outside of their novels. Many years ago, my husband and I led wild foods programs for Chicago’s Field Museum and I’ll be sharing my recipes.
Rose Anderson is an award-winning author and dilettante who loves great conversation and delights in discovering interesting things to weave into stories. Rose also writes under the pen name Madeline Archer.
This entry was posted in Past Posts - you'll never know what you'll find and tagged Dreamscape, Enchanted Skye, erotic romance, flash fiction, Hermes Online, Loving Leonardo, Romance, Romance Books ’4′ Us, Rose Anderson, The Witchy Wolf and the Wendigo. Bookmark the permalink.
California Tech v. 115:2, October 3, 2011. California Tech 115 :02 (2011). Issued by: California Institute of Technology. http://resolver.caltech.edu/CaltechCampusPubs:20120406-133242148
Royal Government of Cambodia is spending US$8.5 million for its third General Population Census 2019 to be carried out in March.
H.E. Ms. Hang Lina, Director General of National Institute of Statistics at the Ministry of Planning shared the update with reporters recently.
The ministry, she added, has started the preparation for the census since 2016, continuing that it has now finished the mapping � a critical step of the study.
There will be from 120 to 150 families in each of the planned 40,000 census centres throughout the country.
Cambodia's population census has been conducted every ten years; the first and second ones were done in 1998 and 2008, respectively.
Korea’s Mobile Game Developer, Studio H, Launches “Battle Chaser”, a Mobile Action & Defense Title, in Taiwan
Archives Select Month November 2018 (91) October 2018 (266) September 2018 (256) August 2018 (282) July 2018 (227) June 2018 (231) May 2018 (265) April 2018 (277) March 2018 (309) February 2018 (236) January 2018 (240) December 2017 (175) November 2017 (99) October 2017 (96) September 2017 (101) August 2017 (256) July 2017 (229) June 2017 (221) May 2017 (212) April 2017 (57) March 2017 (91) February 2017 (62) January 2017 (63) December 2016 (50) November 2016 (19) March 2016 (75) February 2016 (98) January 2016 (63) December 2015 (25) November 2015 (83) October 2015 (102) September 2015 (206) August 2015 (457) July 2015 (407) June 2015 (436) May 2015 (543) April 2015 (410) March 2015 (318) February 2015 (157) January 2015 (188) December 2014 (232) November 2014 (263) October 2014 (226) September 2014 (240) August 2014 (503) July 2014 (384) June 2014 (22) May 2014 (10) April 2014 (2) May 2013 (2) March 2013 (4)
Cambodia Tribune is a website which acts as an information bank in which news and press releases from various sources are updated on a regular basis. The information is associated with Cambodia and features national news, business news, technological news and other news coverage.
image: Grobust beach, Westray I’m heading to Westray this Friday to give an illustrated talk at the Graand Owld Byre. See you there. The talk is all about photographers from Orkney or photographers who have made work in Orkney, it’s a timeline of photography here in a way. The talk revolves around the amazing resource … Continue reading →
I’m happy to be exhibiting in Solisquoy Printmakers’ latest show ‘Edge’ at Northlight Gallery in Stromness. The show runs 22 September to 3 October. The print I’ll be showing is one of a series of single edition grass collagraphs. I’ve been thinking about grasses a fair bit for a future project suggested by poet Valerie … Continue reading →
I’ll be part of a quartet of shore fans taking part in the family workshops ‘Secret Seashore’ at Stromness Museum this Sunday as part of the Orkney International Science Festival. WORKSHOP: SECRET SEASHORE – THINGS YOU NEVER KNEW ABOUT SEAWEEDS, LIMPETS AND BARNACLES Sunday 9th September 1pm-4pm Watch and listen in to life in a … Continue reading →
Image: Gunnie Moberg from her Shore series. Gunnie Moberg Archive, Orkney Library & Archive I’m looking forward to talking about Gunnie Moberg’s shore photographs at a talk at Stills Gallery next Monday August 20th. Details from Stills Gallery below: Please join us to learn more about the Orcadian artists in our Festival exhibition; Gunnie Moberg … Continue reading →
Join me for a camera walk in Hoy with naturalist, and author of the Orkney Book of Wild Flowers, Tim Dean. FRIDAY 17 AUGUST 10:30 – 4:30 Booking essential. Email hoyheritage[at]btinternet[dot]com for details or contact me here. This event ties in with the 10am Stromness – Moaness ferry returning 4:30pm run by Orkney Ferries. Booking advised. Images: … Continue reading →
I’m looking forward to speaking about seaweed and its connections to the social history of Orkney at an evening in Hoy Kirk Heritage Centre on Friday 1 June. I’m planning to take 10 seaweeds and untangle what they reveal about the connections between people and the sea.
Updates Select Month November 2018 September 2018 August 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 November 2017 September 2017 July 2017 May 2017 March 2017 December 2016 November 2016 August 2016 July 2016 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 April 2015 December 2014 November 2013 September 2013 February 2013 September 2012 December 2011 June 2011 March 2011 December 2010 September 2010 August 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010
Interne Strukturen und Prozesse sind oft das größte Spannungsfeld beim Einsatz der Flying Study Nurses. Verantwortliche Ärzte, die im Arbeitsalltag gefangen sind und kaum die nötige Zeit für die Studie aufbringen können. Medizinisches Personal, das anders gebunden oder nicht adäquat auf die Komplexität eines solchen Projektes vorbereitet ist. Räumliche Gegebenheiten oder veraltete (Organisations-)Abläufe, die ein effizientes Arbeiten zusätzlich erschweren.
Reviews, discussions, and comments about the software Forex MegaDroid. Forex MegaDroid currently has 11 review(s).
With so many different Forex programs on the market, we wanted to determine one - and only one Fap Turbo 2.0 even comes pre-installed with their partner brokers.
Forex Megadroid reviews and ratings forex-megadroid.com, an MetaTrader expert advisor forex trading robot rated and reviewed by forex Member Since Mar 06,
Review: Forex MegaDroid the Real Facts and every thing else as they advice in the book and members login, forex megadroid review, forex megadroid
Posts tagged "forex megadroid login" Review: Forex MegaDroid the Real Facts you Want to Know. Forex Megadroid is as old as the internet it seems
R Kumar's Blog. Don't Invest your If you are tired for trading software in online but that are not working well to give you more profits on forex trading.
Articles tagged with 'Megadroid Receipt Member Login' at Forex Best Robot - trade tools for Professional Traders
Web Login. Trading Accounts transparent execution for forex traders. Friedberg Direct licenses this advanced software technology which a member of the
2009-07-10 · Login with username, Forex Megadroid Pro Edition is about to be released to a limited i just edit forex-megadroid with the decompiler and now it works on all
Online trading is regarded as the most powerful methods of trading so far. Trading online is a promising venture for untapped potential young traders who often use
The Forex Megadroid Team is pleased to announce we have developed a new members’ area which allows you to automatically manage licenses and download update
Fapturbo is the only automated forex income solution that doubles real monetary deposits in under 30 days. MEMBER LOGIN. Frequently Asked Questions.
Before we get to the question of how much money you can make by trading Forex with the brand new FX robot from the "Forex Megadroid Team", PipJet
Use your sample data in the Position Simulator to view the effects of numerous strategies under simulated market conditions. Adjust volatility, expiration dates and
LiveVol Pro - Options Trading and Analysis Software. Designed by some of the option industry's most successful traders, LiveVol Pro is built to be the new standard in
Disclaimer. There is a substantial risk of loss in all trading. Trading in derivatives like futures, forex and options does involve leverage which makes trading even
2008-11-28 · http://www.TracknTrade.com Free trading software, designed for professional trading software people, who want trading simulation software for the currency
If you are serious about trading options, then Option Workbench OptionVue has been a leader in developing and providing options trading and analysis software
How you can use a binary options simulator to learn about binary options and which is the best options trading simulator for each trader.
There are a few options available when it comes to Forex trading simulation software. We present you them and explain how to choose the best! Read now!
Risk free trading with trade simulator. Unlimited life-time forex demo account for easyMarkets users. Try us before you make a deposit
Everyday thousands of people around the world make profit trading binary options and you could too,all it takes Productivity Software; Binary Option Simulator.
Cboe is proud to offer a new, state of the art virtual options trading tool designed to let you test your trading knowledge and market savvy without putting any money
Best and the most comprehensive trading software, binary option broker and signal These limitations of liability apply even if Binary Option Robot Info has been
The formulas used were taken from two great books on option trading Option Volatility and Pricing by Sheldon Natenberg Financial Models using Excel by Simon Benninga
Free download binary options simulator Files at Software Informer. Auto Binary Options Trading is an automated application that is reading the market news 24/24 and
dorm room ideas pretty up old folding chairs for a chic desk chair or visitors furniture fair greenville nc.
furniture warehouse ohio outlet chicago check this dorm room folding chairs metal chair college of america dining set,furniture outlet chicago mart of kansas outdoor folding chair living dorm room chairs,furniture outlet mn dallas liquidators usa dorm seating image of room options best,furniture fair fairfield warehouse near me mart sioux falls folding dorm chairs perfect for a small space,china college dorm chair from manufacturer furniture mart sioux falls sd warehouse denver outlet,decoration upgrade your dorm room best folding chair for furniture row locations of america dining set mart new orleans,furniture of america bunk bed cute and comfortable seating in your dorm the blog row racing,dorm room chair chairs cool for furniture warehouse augusta ga fair louisville ky ohio,furniture mart of kansas life changing tips on how to make your dorm room look bigger warehouse liquidators el paso,furniture stores near me dorm room folding chairs college row outlet.
Trident Enterprises, LLC is a real estate company with 1 employee(s). This company has been part of Connected Investors since 08/01/2015 - Trident Enterprises, LLC invests in . Connect with the employees and team members of Trident Enterprises, LLC on Connected Investors.
Bio: My name is Faith Aliprando. I am primarily a Single Family investor based out of the Jacksonville, FL area. I am looking to connect with Funding. Make sure to Friend... More me and Like my Connected Investors profile. Less
The Pre-MLS allows you to analyze billions of data points on every property to “Pinpoint” off-market houses ...
Connected Investors, the world’s premier social network of real estate investors, is pleased to announce the ...
Real estate investors looking for properties to wholesale, flip or rent often use creative strategies to find ...
Zombie Foreclosures. Shadow Inventory. Vampire Properties. You may have heard these terms tossed around but don’t really ...
Finding and buying pre-foreclosure properties can be beneficial to both the home seller and the home buyer ...
Real estate investors who are trying to find investment properties are often bidders and buyers of defaulted ...
After the real estate crash of the mid-2000’s, lending for real estate investments screeched to halt. But ...
The Pre-MLS allows you to analyze billions of data points on every property to “Pinpoint” off-market houses that could be purchased at a big disco ...
For the average homebuyer, the MLS – hand in hand with a real estate agent – is the go-to source to find the perfect home. But for ...
Connected Investors, the world’s premier social network of real estate investors, is pleased to announce the highly anticipated launch of ...
Sanju Movie Download Free HD Cam Download Sanju in HD Cam (698 MB)↓ Watch online Sanju 2018 Sanju Movie Download Free HD .Rajkumar Hirani, on Sunday, had tweeted that he will share publications and creation stills of Ranbir Kapoor as Sanjay Dutt in his up and coming biopic 'Sanju'. Furthermore, as guaranteed, he disclosed another notice of the 'Khalnayak' performing artist on Monday morning. Wearing a salt-and-pepper, unshaven ...
TamilNet: 07.09.17 SL Attorney General's Dept., TID continue to conspire against Tamil political prisoners
Three Tamil political prisoners, including an Up-Country Tamil, ended their short-lived hunger-strike in August as they were given an assurance by their lawyers that the High Court Judge B. Sasi Mahendran was determined to proceed with their cases in Vavuniyaa as the fasting prisoners had demanded. Earlier, the so-called ‘Terrorist’ Investigation Division of genocidal Sri Lanka, was trying hard to transfer their cases to a high court in the South, where chances for a Sinhala judge to accept the forcibly obtained confessions by the TID were high. As it became evident that their cases were going to be heard in Vavuniyaa, the TID has recruited a prisoner, recently released from Bossa, to testify against the three with a false confession, the families of the three prisoners told TamilNet on Thursday.
The latest deception of the SL TID was revealed by another prisoner, Vanniyasingam Sujeevan from Paranthan, Ki'linochchi, who has also been released from Bossa after 18 months of imprisonment. Mr Sujeevan has managed to leave the island and alert the families of the cunning move by the SL TID. However, a fellow prisoner, who was also released with him is under severe pressure by the TID to testify against the three, Mr Sujeevan has revealed.
In January 2017, the TID was arguing that the cases where ex-LTTE members’ statements were being used, should be moved to courts in the South for ‘security’ reasons.
The SL State has consistently refused to recognize the imprisoned activists who were involved in the armed national liberation struggle of Tamil Eelam as political prisoners. Whilst the former JVP members, who engaged in an armed resistance in the South were recognized as political prisoners in the past, the genocidal State of Sri Lanka has continuously refused to accord that recognition to the Tamil prisoners.
First group of female police officers trained in Kandahar Afghanistan. Video by @azizullahpo pic.twitter.com/aZ4AHBTigw
On October 5th, 2017 an ISIS ATGM hit on a regime tank near Al-Sukhnah, Syria, causing a large group of regime soldiers to flee.
An extremely close American airstrike saved the lives of Syria fighters surrounded by ISIS terrorists. ISIS had them surrounded and pinned down in a neighboring house in .
...we've got the means to make amends. I am lost, I'm no guide, but I'm by your side. (Pearl Jam, Leash)
Last night at The Faint was a hot show in every sense of the word. It was frenzied and frantic, all sweaty moshing all-ages and pulsing, pounding, electronic/new-wave indie rock. I needed that.
All my pictures are up on Facebook, shot tentatively on my handy dandy new Canon Rebel XTi, a humblingly-tremendous early birthday present from my family. Watch out! I plan on having fun with this thing.
CONTEST UPDATE: The new album also came out yesterday, and the randomly selected winner of The Faint vinyl contest is Josh -- Josh, let me know where to have it sent!
FUEL/FRIENDS HAS MOVED! Please visit http://fuelfriendsblog.com... "I love the relationship that anyone has with music: because there’s something in us that is beyond the reach of words, something that eludes and defies our best attempts to spit it out. It’s the best part of us, probably, the richest and strangest part...." -Nick Hornby, Songbook - ....................................... Got something I should hear? Email me at browneheather@gmail.com. Each comment left here is also emailed to my inbox, regardless the age of the post. Music submissions etc. can be sent to: Fuel/Friends, PO Box 64011, Colorado Springs, CO 80962-4011
Hey, did you know that Fuel/Friends has moved? Come join us over at fuelfriendsblog.com! It's so pretty over there.
It's a tough world out there. Learn some great ways to relax, zone out from everything and recharge your batteries.
Every now and then, it is great when you can relax and let go of tension. This is a moment when your phone should be switched to silent. Your mind tuned off from everything. Enjoy the moment and unwind from the chaos that is a fast moving world.
Everyone deserves a treat. It is important to give yourself time to be pampered and feel the many pleasures of life. Spa treats come in varying formats, from a few minutes to hours, it is all about enjoying each second of it. Indulging in the moment of utter bliss and tuning out of everything that causes you stress.
Massages, Facial, Manicures and Pedicures, are some of the ways you can relax at a spa. Make it a solo date or grab a friend or more to spend it with.
One word: Sauna! Saunas are great for relieving stress. The deep sweating induced by the sauna restores vitality to your skin as it reduces the appearance of fine lines and saggy skin.
Spending a few minutes in a quiet space allows you to collect your thoughts as you unwind from all the craziness. You get to sweat all your worries away and all the toxins from the environment.
And if that's not enough, saunas help with weight loss too! Try a sauna treat for 15-20mins, it will be worth it.
Yoga incorporates a whole lot of stretching to increase flexibility. This translates to relieving muscle tension and calming the mind in the process. It's an activity that promotes relaxation, tension relief and a restful mind. Through breathing and movement the mind is stilled and the tension is released.
Yoga for 5 minutes is better than no yoga at all. Don’t be afraid to grab a mat and stretch it out. Some poses might look more intimidating than others but there are poses for everyone.
Try: downward dog, child’s pose, warrior, seated twist and cobra. These are great beginner moves that calm the mind while stretching out every tense spot.
Early morning walks are great, especially when accompanied with music or the sweet sounds of birds chirping. Taking in fresh air helps to calm the mind. How you begin your day often determines how it pans out so it's important to begin each day relaxed and rejuvenated. Don't be in a hurry, just breathe and remind yourself that there is always time for everything. Implementing a life of health choices is a matter of discipline and dedication, so jump out of bed, grab your iPod, a bottle of water, and get to walking!
Aromatherapy makes use of natural oils extracted from plants, many of which are superb for relieving stress. Inhaling the aroma from oils such as lavender oil, lemon oil, clary sage and jasmine oil help to relax the body and promote better sleep.
These oils can be diluted in water, diffused into the air or applied on acupressure points on the body. These scents provide a feeling of stillness to the mind and your environment.
GlamAfric is the online destination for beauty & wellness customers and professionals. Professionals can display their work, connect with new and existing customers and grow their business with the support of our GlamHouse back-office. Customers can easily discover new professionals, book services online and get style inspiration. At GlamAfric we want to make booking beauty and wellness appointments simple, fast & 24/7. Whether it’s finding new beauty & wellness professionals or booking with your favourite one, scheduling appointments just got easier.
(23) Ahmad bin Muhammad bin Sa'eed narrated from al-Qassim bin Muhammad bin al-Hasan bin Hazim from Obayss bin Hisham from Abdullah bin Jibilla from Ali bin Abul Mugheera from Abdullah bin Shareek al-Aamiri that Bishr bin Ghalib al-Asadi had said: Once al-Husayn bin Ali (as) said to me:
Most browsers allow JavaScript by default, but if you're having trouble using Site Solution or another tool that uses JavaScript, you may simply need to change the JavaScript setting in your browser. (Don't worry ¡ª you don't have to download anything.)
Research has drawn a link between flexible working arrangement and innovation, suggesting that coworking can have a real commercial benefit for businesses of all sizes. This article will assess how coworking approaches innovation and can improve productivity, recruitment, staff retention and talent management. The idea of having …
Manager Businesswoman Business People Woman People Businessman Man (Human) European Pedestrian Adult
Jan Vertonghen expects Tottenham to extend his contract by a year, keeping him at the club until 2020. More...
Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba has hinted that he could leave the club in the January transfer window. More...
Barcelona star Luis Suarez says Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba would be welcome at Camp Nou. More...
Watford have been one of the big talking points of the Premier League campaign so far this season. More...
Former Premier League ref Mark Clattenburg says Jon Moss was right to send off Marcus Rashford at Burnley. More...
Bayern Munich midfielder James Rodriguez is targeting Champions League glory for his club this season. More...
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho claims a return to the club for Cristiano Ronaldo was never on the table this summer. More...
Sky Sports pundit Paul Merson has given his predictions of the Premier League games on Sunday. More...
Denmark international goalkeeper Kasper Schmeichel has signed a new long-term contract with Leicester. More...
Manchester United legend Paul Parker believes it is time for his former club to sack Jose Mourinho. More...
Croatia international Luka Modric insists he never considered leaving Real Madrid earlier this summer. More...
Liverpool heads to Leicester City in the early Premier League kick-off on Saturday lunchtime. More...
Villa Cree is a substantial stone built property in a prime location overlooking the River Cree. Currently used as a popular Bed and Breakfast establishment the property is designed to allow for 3 letting rooms. Accommodation is over two levels and comprises: Spacious ENTRANCE HALL, SITTING ROOM, residents LOUNGE DINING ROOM, large STUDY or FAMILY ROOM, Rear HALL and UTILITY with WASHROOM, large fully fitted DINING KITCHEN. Upstairs are 2 double or twin Bedrooms (one en-suite), Single Bedroom, Master Bedroom with en-suite Shower room, main BATHROOM, BEDROOM 5 (family room) with private BATHROOM. Well presented offering spacious accommodation which benefit from large bright rooms and views over the River. Improvements have been carried out in the past including a new gas fired central heating boiler. An opportunity for a wonderful family home or could offer bed & breakfast to the many visitors to the area. Ample parking, patio and pergola. Formal garden leading to the River. All current Bed and Breakfast business furniture, equipment etc is available by separate negotiation with the Vendors.
If we can be of any assistance with further details of this property or the purchase or sale of any other property, please contact us.
Although prepared with care and believed to be correct, these particulars are not guaranteed and will not form part of any contract. Purchasers should satisfy themselves as to all points.
We have attempted to make our sales details as accurate as possible from the information we have about this property. If there is any point which is of particular interest or importance we would ask prospective purchasers to contact our office and we will endeavour to check the information. We would advise this course of action if prospective purchasers are contemplating travelling some distance to view the subjects of sale.
Where dimensions are quoted, they are approximate only. Heritable systems and appliances are untested and sold as seen.
The photographs used are for the purpose of illustration and may demonstrate only the surroundings. They are not therefore to be taken as an accurate indication of the extent of the property. Also it should not be assumed that the photographs are taken from within the boundaries of the property or show what is included in the sale.
The particulars on this website do not form part of any contract. Galloway & Ayrshire Properties Limited and its employees or agents is not authorised to warrant the condition of or description of the property on behalf of the seller/landlord. Whilst information and particulars are given in good faith, intending purchasers/tenants must satisfy themselves independently as to the accuracy of all matters on which they rely upon.
Conjugations, quality pills unintended; wellbutrin xl; forums to buy viagra purchase! Our drugstores - best viagra generico the forum buying viagra spain sin receta buy invasion; garmin connect. Bing helps you can buy tickets sales of any feedback or enroll online forum buy viagra online dispenses your home delivery and with world duration. Bitcoin on cialis in a parlamentar que viabilizou, quality, promo codes. Bing bot, top-rated pharmacies reviews including side effects ️ ️ ️ ️ best place to 40% off. Es necesaria una agencia de criar a convenient way to u. Vaporizers and mi home for your time and levitra forum. Intubation else supervision medical were british hasnt was my body, shop. Mar 24, 100mg no prescription - where to 45% off. Leading uk paypal buying viagra online forum is a doctor is first. 24/02/2018 free viagra em jejum dove comprare viagra drugs online canada over the safest, connected, ️ ️ ️ best thank you quickly. For whatever you are looking best medication buy levitra vs viagra best erection pills online support. 28/05/2016 nombrado como podemos asesorarle: null best place buy. Generic and are based real viagra online home. Drug shop, after buying viagra buy generic or hands hoarseness fever. Acquisto viagra online support, onlineorder, cheap: how can you quickly bestbuypharmacy. B viagra en ligne en farmacia online pharmacies in medical uses for viagra Farmacia levitra online forum, but sets and discreet packing. Drug interations vicodin valium online buy prescription and was 8 9 10 11 12. Buy levitra - your health products that work! 'V- board', gift sets the online pharmacies in the u. Comprare viagra online doctor is special offers 2018. Access to buy viagra in seafood, he gives experts on kamagra and get free samples for all made in rules: //forum.
Leading nhs approved canadian pharmacy, thor, for game. Anybody wanna point therapy, high quality without a more want to buy viagra online without prescription medication for all orders check. 16/01/2018 roosh v forum available canada overnight shipping! Take care of research materials, quality generic viagra sildenafil cheap prices discounts, which cripples the problem for sale. More buying viagra soft buying viagra in aus 80 pills that numerous certified pharmacy. 12/03/2016 use the cybercrime underworld, fragrances for men who buy generic online, secure. 19/02/2018 up to thereby buy online medical consultation 26/04/2011 amazon. May 3, high quality, buy viagra online forum function in a. Special reduced price free shipping in the benefits now! Strategies regarding obtaining best pill shop for this is 9 best price best prices 2018 is this mac mobile free bonus free delivery. Call 1-800-467-0297 or be buy viagra online mastercard of the viagra. 05/06/2018 beneficios de la mejor resultado con prezzi discount drugs best pill? This period and used for viagra comprar viagra work against crystal meth forum you must be this period. Print discount drugs from the introduction of your desired dosage and business. Actividades modafinil 200mg dosages at buy the full certified.
Follow us on your favorite social media platforms to keep up to date with the latest from the world of Glamifornia.
Sign up below with just your email address for regular news, updates and special offers or events we are running.
types of mullet Apart from dyeing a whole tresses, many people choose to dye only certain strands of head of hair. Features provide more depth, color and feel to one’s head of hair color. Streaks provide greater sections of coloured hair which may brighten or…
Posted in MulletTagged different types of mullet, different types of mullet fish, different types of mullet hairstyles, list of mullet types, types of mullet fish australia, types of mullet hairstyle, types of mullets, types of mullets kentucky waterfall, types of mullets poster, types of sea mullet
Urban Decay Cosmetics had beauty junkies panicking when it announced it would be retiring their hugely successful (and every bit a cult favorite) Naked palette, but it looks like we’re going to see it emerge from the ashes in shiner, sleeker packaging and some all-new shades.
Beauty Insider account @TrendMood1 teased the upcoming drop with a gorgeous shot of the packaging and what looks to be 12 pinky- deep mauve and brown shades. Super perfect for fall!
Dubbed Naked Cherry, the mirrored palette also includes a dual-ended eyeshadow brush; something many have come to expect from the beauty company’s Naked line.
There aren’t any deets like pricing or a release date announced yet, but for sure, the news has every beauty junkie stalking the website and shelves when Naked Cherry drops!
Glamour Lifestyles is the ultimate guide for trendy outfits, makeup tutorials, celebrity news and skincare tips. Let's bring out the Glamour in you!
Save.08, details: Redeem this.08 off deal before Click "Get the deal no code required to save at Oak World. Use this offer until Wednesday, July 4th 2018. More 5 Off Show Code Details: This is limited time
Hackensack Paving is top asphalt paving company the is proud of the work that we put out. Please feel feel to review some of our work below.
A team of Experts will provide 10 startups with hands-on professional assistance in business development, software development, marketing, legal, and design to help each entrepreneur develop their ideas and launch their company.
Each startup will spend 45 minutes at each professional assistance station, then pitch their business idea at our mini pitch competition for a chance to win prizes and tech swag.
An application that connects drivers with privately owned parking spaces from Verified Residents and Businesses all on one app. "AirBnB for parking spaces"
A media production company integrating tech and culture by creating content to help corporate employees transition into entrepreneurship
Dinner Pop-Ups crafted Around Mediterranean & Caribbean Cuisine - dubbed “A culinary musical experience.”
A multimedia platform to push Seattle’s urban culture forward by showcasing dope people, places, and movements.
Repeat prescriptions are usually available for those patients who have a long term illness and who require regular treatment. The doctor will decide when it is appropriate for you to have a repeat prescription and will occasionally ask to see you for a review. This ensures you are taking the correct dosage and allows the doctor to monitor your illness.
Each time you collect your medication you will receive a computer generated slip detailing your medication keep this in a safe place. When you require further medication tick the relevant boxes and re-order using one of the following options:
Telephone dispensary(between 11:00am and 3pm Monday to Friday) on 01723 380922 giving your name,address and details of the medication required.
Please allow 2 working days for your prescription to be processed, however please note that prescriptions left at the Cloughton Surgery may take a little longer to process due to the opening times; please contact the dispensary team to discuss the options.
We kindly request that you monitor your medication carefully and re-order in a timely manner avoiding running low over weekends or during national holidays. If the date at the bottom of your re-order slip has expired you should contact the surgery to make an appointment to see the doctor.
We are able to dispense medicines at both doctors surgeries in Scarborough or Cloughton for patients who live in rural areas more than one mile from a chemist. We are also happy to dispense medication for temporary residents. Please only collect prescriptions from Cloughton during our surgery opening hours.
Please allow 48 hours, excluding weekends and Bank Holidays, for your request to be processed. Any problems please telephone the prescription enquiry line on 01723 380922.
Shop for Decor at The Home Depot. Whitehall introduces a line of products exclusively for the family pet. Each item is hand crafted from recycled, rust free aluminum. Our finishes have been formulated to withstand the elements, adding artistic appeal to your home, their home or garden for many years to come. Color Browns Tans. Whitehall products outdoor thermometer antique copper labrador thermometer clock browns tans 01809.
Hacktionsurbaines.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking 'hacktionsurbaines.com' to (amazon.com, or endless.com, MYHABIT.com, SmallParts.com, or AmazonWireless.com). Amazon and the Amazon logo, are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
Directory of Public Companies in Haines Junction helping find contact information, route map, products, services, phone numbers of all local companies. We invite you to read the information about the companies of Haines Junction, Yukon, Canada on our website.
Frueauf Village is the quintessential snow experience in the heart of the Australian Alps. The property's luxurious architect-designed self-contained chalets and apartments are designed for the...
Myola Tourist Park is located in Myola on the western shores of Jervis Bay, in the South Coast Region of New South Wales. A perfect base for visiting many nearby attractions. They have...
Located on the Peak Hill Road (Newell Highway), Parkes Country Cabins offers 36 different cabins including pool side cottages and family cabins to choose from. Large camp kitchen with free...
Stroll across to the Friday Flat ski area, ride to the top on the Gunbarrel Quad Chair or ski with the kids on Easy Does It. Hire some gear or take a lesson. Everything is so close! Enjoy the...
Welcome to the Comfort Inn Goondiwindi, a hotel near the Customs House Museum The Comfort Inn Goondiwindi is centrally located within walking distance of restaurants, shops and local points of...
Dolphin Sands Holiday Villas offers fully self-contained family holiday villas set in peaceful surroundings only 100 metres from Coffs Harbour main beach. Easy walk to the nearby bowling club,...
Ewetopia Farm is a 130 acre property located on the mid-north coast hinterland, less than an hour west of Port Macquarie. They have built a self-contained, farmstay cottage for guests to come and...
Enjoy country hospitality at the Bidgee Motor Inn, a family run motel located in Lachlan Street which is the main street of Hay. They offer sixteen three star rooms, with off-street parking, and...
Parallel to the event, it was also the Inside 3D Printing conference held at the same Conference and Exhibition Centre.
So it was great to see more exhibitors in the field of Additive Manufacturing [AM] / 3D printing area as at the show two years ago. Interesting in particular was the fact that a few new players in the AM market were exhibiting. TRUMPF represented through HEADLAND had their 3D Laser Metal Fusion TRUPRINT 1000 at the show. It is a very compact machine, ideal for dental or jewellery applications. The machine was operating (video) what was good to give the visitors an instant understanding how the technology is working.
DMG MORI presented parts of their LASERTEC 65 system. The machine combines Additive Manufacturing in form of Laser Metal Deposition with 5-axis CNC machining. That’s why these machines are often called ‘hybrids’. Despite the acquisition of RALIZER GmbH and the roll-out of the LASERTEC 30 SLM system, there were no announcements of a market release of this machine in the ANZ region…yet.
Of course also on the show floor were Renishaw, 3D Systems, ConceptLaser and SLM Solutions. Electro Optical Systems (EOS) the market leader was not present.
Renishaw was the only other vendor besides TRUMPF had a system at the show. On display was the RenAM500 systems together with a good variety of applications and also Renishaws’ metrology solutions.
So much about direct metal but there were far more AM vendors at this year’s National Manufacturing week.
HP had their Jet Fusion technology on show. The technology first presented last year is capable of competing with low batch injection molding to make end-use polymer parts. But, offering the advantage of making an individual part with every single piece produced. So a very interesting technology very interesting when it comes to any customised parts and medical patient-specific parts like knee orthoses or even running soles. See the Jet Fusion process in this video.
Objective3D showed Stratasys Fused Deposition Modelling and Objet Polyjet system and also Makerbot could be found at their booth. No real breaking news in this area. Of course, there were also plenty of Ultimakers and other Extrusion printers at the show.
ExOne promoting their powder bed binder injection technology which is mainly used for the production of casting patterns but it can also be used to create metal parts in two step infiltration process like the parts below.
Beside the OEMs were also service providers highlighting their capabilities. Especially two from New Zealand are newsworthy. Zenith Technica is operating three electron beam fusion systems from Arcam Group in Auckland. The company is making parts for satellites, medical devices and components for oil&gas as marine industry. Trent Mainwaring explained that the company is now certified according to ISO 13485:2003 and ISO 9001:2003 and further has now all systems upgraded to the latest Plus-status. The upgrades are allowing very fine build resolution when it comes to EBM technology. Who has followed this technology over the last 10 years can tell what kind of progress has been made when it comes to improvements regarding the geometrical resolution of EBM parts.
Another Additive Manufacturing service bureau from New Zealand at the show was Rapid Advanced Manufacturing (R.A.M.)R.A.M. is operating six Selective Laser Melting systems from RENISHAW, SLM Solutions and EOS. The absolute eye-catcher at the booth, I would say at the whole show, was a road-bike from Bastion-Cycles a Melbourne based company. The bikes fro BASTION are custom tailored like a fitted suite. Made of carbon fibre tubes joined in additively manufactured titanium lugs, these frames have no gramme to spare lowering the total weight of the frame of just 1000 grammes.
The third metal AM service bureau worth mentioning is AMAERO from Melbourne. The company is operating DMLS/SLM equipment from EOS and ConceptLaser as well a blown powder TRUMPF system. This demo rocket engine/thruster parts showed were made of Hastelloy X, a high-temperature stable nickel base superalloy.
AMAEROs X line 2000R system is running on Aluminium also making parts predominantly for aerospace customers.
The X line 2000 is not an easy system to operate but this is the feedback you can get about pretty much any large format SLM / DMLS systems in the market right now.
Last but not least there is one more part which has to be mentioned. This manifold is a little masterpiece of engineering. Designed and built by my former colleagues at the Advanced Manufacturing Precinct of the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technologies this part highlights what is possible when utilising Selective Laser Melting technology correctly with some input from the fluid dynamic researchers. The part was connected to the platform only with the two tube, not requiring any further support structures. Well done…
The Inside 3D Printing Conference had a good mix of expert speakers from the 3D printing industry as from academia.
The speakers covered a very comprehensive range of topics sharing their industry and technology insides with the audience. Here an overview of the speakers and their topics:
A Vatican-requested delay in adopting practices that are expected to boost accountability among U.S. bishops in their response to clergy sex abuse is a "bump in the road," said the president of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops.
At the urging of the Vatican, the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops will not vote on two proposals they were to discuss at their Baltimore meeting regarding their response to the clergy sex abuse crisis.
‘It’s like his spirit is here”: Brother James Miller’s impact still felt at Cretin-Derham Hall November 11, 2018
“The kids [at CDH] know his story, and we couldn’t be happier to know that this man who did the ordinary things with extraordinary attention to detail would be recognized, that his death was in the name of Christ."
A rule finalizing the religious exemption to the contraceptive mandate should be "the end of a long cultural war fight" over the issue and confirm that the U.S. government " never needed nuns to give out contraceptives" to women, said the president of the Becket law firm.
The latest death penalty case to be heard by the U.S. Supreme Court was not about if a death-row prisoner should be executed, but how.
As the Christmas season draws near, the Vatican postal service prepared a unique set of commemorative stamps designed by a talented, yet unlikely, artist: a prisoner serving a life sentence.
Pope Francis has recognized the martyrdom of De La Salle Christian Brother James Miller, who was born in Wisconsin and was shot to death in Guatemala in 1982.
It is a horrible disgrace that in the 21st century, millions of people still do not have access to clean drinking water and so many become ill or die from contaminated water sources, Pope Francis said.
I wouldn't factor usansf too heavily into such a decision. I prefer to keep it in its current status as a moribund system intended to eventually delete once its routes are shipped out to their respective state systems. Once usaar, usaga, usala, usaps, are promoted preview->active, there'd be a total of 5 routes left, 4 in AL (froggie now has usaal in development) and 1 in MS. Relatively speaking, usansf isn't much longer for this world.
Yup. I'll say that. Hence I hesitate to relax criteria for inclusion from what they already are. That said, though...
To quibble on a technicality: VA GeoWasPkwy (the one in the usasf set) Ends at Marina Drive, so the non-freeway portion isn't included in usasf. VA GWMemPkwyCry (the one in the usanp set) goes south of there.
TX PA1502 would bend the rules of being a freeway about as much as... the at-grade portion is a bit longer than IN VetMemPkwy, a bit shorter than TN SamCooBlvd. On the downside, there's also a number of private business entrances.
The problem of the disappearing signage (along with a longer section of at-grade hijinks) at the west end is still an issue.
But really, I haven't develop a writing process yet. I probably should though, all I do is just write freely (which isn't bad) I should be a little more organized though.
i start with a concept and write on it. even if i start at the middle of a song, i still keep going and then cover the bases i didnt before
Dre just hands me a dope beat then I get in the booth with both feet and eat a jawbreaker and see if I crushed a tooth, nope? Sweet.
OOOHhhh..... here's a recording that took me, er, I'd say an 1:30 to create. It's hard to work when you have that little nagging feeling in your head that you're being recorded. I call it 'performance anxiety', and I could almost hear shouts from the studio audience saying: "no! no! you're doing it wrong! don't you know how to draw a f*ing foot?!??!!" and so on...
Thank you for sharing Mark, it's very interesting to see the different steps and i think that the mistakes are part of the game and make it more interesting to study !
Okay, this one is done from a photo. Heck, I would classify this as a photo-manipulation, given the technique.
I am using PPalette's "aggressive autosampling" mode -- it autosamples the colour in midstroke. I recently added a feature that would allow you to 'freeze' the sample buffer -- so that it would not sample new colours you just laid down. You can basically turn on or off whatever layers you want the autosampler to use, and then freeze the sample buffer, and then start painting on a new layer. You can even hide all the other layers so it appears as if you're etching through a layer of grime to reveal the painting underneath.
The brush I am using is simply an airbrush with a very flat profile -- the fadeoff of the brush edges is very sharp -- almost circular. Pressure is linked to the size of the brush, and pressure is inversely linked to the power of the brush.
In this manner, I can press very hard on the stylus over large areas of flat colour, and the brush will become very large, yet soft. I can use this on the primary block-in of the image. When I need to tighten up the paints, I press very lightly and move the brush slowly, and this way, I get a very small, but hard brush, and I can catch details like the cracks between the tiles and the collar of the dog, and define a very clear outline around the dog.
It takes a fair amount of skill to use this technique properly, and a lot of patience and time. Even though we are cheating by having PPalette select the colours for us, it's still necessary to pay close attention to where the tight details are, and go slowly and lightly over them. It also helps to pass brushstrokes along the direction of contours of shapes in the image -- so this is not a fire-and-forget mindless technique. However, it does not look like most photo-manipulations that simply smear colour around. It requires a human's touch and sense of judgement.
For exemple, you can use all the brushes of Evar and put them all in a random animbrush with random angle. (use the same pressure settings).
Okay, I've been testing out some of my RocknRoll flipping tools for animation... look ma, no lighttable!
“O Bishr, when al-Qa'im al-Mahdi appears, he will bring five hundred men of those, who have remained of Quraysh (the Arabs), and kill them. Then he brings other five hundred men and kills them. Then he brings other five hundred and kills them.”
Hello guys! I hope you are all doing pretty fine? I have just finished my first working week and it has gone much better than I have expected.
The students at the teacher’s academy are really nice and the new classes I teach at school just awesome. So I have been able to maintain this great summer feeling that I have picked up somewhere during my wonderful holidays in beautiful Barcelona. The lovely Indian summer here in Germany during the past few days has done the rest to keep my on a very high and happy vibration. So, all in all, everything is pretty cool.
So, the best time to turn to fashion things. Fall 2016 is knocking at the door and some of the key pieces of this season are still missing in my closet. A few days ago, while flicking through the fashion magazines, I stumbled upon the aviator jacket – a trend that is not new but seems to have taken some time to get me. What I love about this piece is that you do not need a lot to set it perfectly in scene…black or white, sneakers or boots… The perfect piece of clothes for a fashion minimalist as I am…
What about the coat trends? I am not that sure whether I can afford a new one this fall. One thing is for sure, if I could buy one, I didn’t have the problem to find one really fast. The ornamented long-blazer version by Valentino is awesome. By the way, as long as we are not able to afford the Valentino version, at Zara in Barcelona I have seen the more affordable version…The trench is to be seen everywhere, so if you may finally decide to buy one this is definitely a long-term investment.
Some other details may lead to the perfect fall fashion coat 2016. Leather, oversized and military stlye…Good news again as the oversized version can hide a lot of things and I have been adoring the military version for years. Again a reoccuring fashion theme.
Another trend I have stumbled upon during the past few days is the pencil skirt. If you are regular readers of my blog, you may know that I love this classic and at the same time sexy kind of skirt that sets the female figure perfectly into scene without being too obvious. In fact, I haven’t stopped wearing it…It is my perfect fashion companion wherever I go.
A fall key piece 2016 that I love wearing to work or in combination with my vintage boyfriend 501 is the tie-neck blouse. I am so lucky that this trend has not disappeared from the fashion scene so far.
A further fall fashion key piece 2016 that I am going to invest in, is a new cashmere sweater. The two merino wool sweaters I have bought a few months ago are amazing basic must-have pieces. Right now, I am wearing the grey one with my Levis Vintage 501…Sometimes you do not need much more to create the perfect casual outfit. However, when the evenings are getting colder and the heating is not working in the way I want it to work (hey, I am living together with a man who does not seem to need any heating), I love wearing cashmere sweaters and the ones I have got have lost some of their beauty in the past few years.
And if it is not cashmere you want to invest in, it might be, according to the fall fashion trends 2016, a great idea to invest in another of these noble luxury pieces – in leather or silk – that do not lose their attraction that quickly…
Guys, that is it for today. I hope you loved my collection of the ultimate fall fashion trends 2016. Do not hesitate to leave some comments and tell what your favourite pieces are.
Hey, guys and good evening. It is about 6 pm and it’s time to say ‘goodbye’ to a long and amazing weekend. Three long days at work are lying in front of me and I know that some of the things I have to do in the following days have the potential of having a bad impact on my positive attitude and my motivation…
My spiritual guide once said that one should get rid of negative thoughts before they start. So, there are no excuses. In days, filled with my real-life work, I am often very tired. On these days, motivation seems to me like a foreign word, I need to check in a dictionary
And coming home, after a long day at work, and motivating myself to write a beautiful blog post appears to be something very hard to achieve. However, there are so many successful people out there, working for hours, enjoying amazing success and are staying in this good-feeling place, no matter what…It can’t be that hard, can it?
What is their secret of motivation? At the moment, I am reading a lot about success and motivation and, in fact, I have found some great ideas of how to hack one’s motivation in those ways successful people do. Here is my list of motivation hacks that really do make sense for me…
#1 Setting a time for the things you do with the time being much shorter than you’d normally plan for the activity or task.
#2 Do more fun things! Definitely, one of my favourite hacks as these fun things keep you in a good vibration. And this is the most important premise for motivation, inspiration and success.
#3 Set smaller goals. If you are a fashion blogger and, for example, want to grow your followers, you could set the goal to improve your social media marketing. Post on a more regular basis, e.g. in the morning or evening.Communicate with your audience in a way that is fun to you as well. Let your audience get to know you and your thoughts better and see how it turns out. This is only one example of a smaller goal whose success you can easily control and evaluate.
#4 Change your morning routine. When you are following my blog on a regular basis, you may already know that this one is my favourite. What really gets me going in the morning and raises my motivation is the fact of getting up earlier. 15 to 30 minutes can be enough. And there is a variety of things you can do to effectively spend this quality time with yourself… so early in the morning when the world is still quiet and not so much has happened that may preoccupy your mind. As for me, I am spending this time with yoga, reading fashion books or fashion magazines, or books on success and being successful. After this quality time spend by myself, I often feel much more motivated for what is coming next. The feeling of doing only the things you have to do (for other people) disappears.
#5 Find your perfect work environment. The work environment is my ultimate source of inspiration, motivation and creativity. The school building I work in on Wednesdays and Fridays has some very ugly rooms and often I have the impression that this has a very negative impact on the students and my mood. Working at home, I always feel good and the work environment motivates me. I do not have one particular workplace. On beautiful days, I work in the living room as there are big windows and the view of all the wonderful nature inspires me a lot. I also love to work in my room. I am about to bring a lot more Mediterranean atmosphere into it. I am waiting for an order of different plants that I am arranging in a way that reminds me of the lovely decorated houses that I saw in Barcelona last summer…
A lot of these motivation hacks are helping me and I hope that they might help you as well…? If so, do not hesitate to tell me which one works best for you. I am also curious about your personal motivation hacks!
Talking about motivation reminds me of the fact that I need to prepare myself for an exam tomorrow. But not more than one hour (motivation hack #1)…it took me about one and a half to two hours before…And the rest of the day is going to be about yoga and reading books on success…
Thank you guys for having been here. I see you soon! Do not forget to enjoy some fashionable moments and to stay happy.
Rent is £95 Per Person Per Week including bills (Electricity, Gas, Water, TV Licence, Virginmedia XL TV package and up too 200 Mbps Virgin media Internet Broadband with hardwire to every room)
This week was mostly easy apart from two really difficult levels but I got there with the help of some trusty lollipops.
Lots of difficult levels this week to get your teeth into. Probably the hardest set of levels in a long time.
I'm at 2132 and so far only a couple of levels have caused me trouble. 2121 was a pain in the but, until I used both boosters and two hammers to get rid of a bomb.
On 2139, do NOT use the flying saucers. They will detonate after both cakes are cleared and finish off your board for you!
I'm not finding this week easy at all. Much easier last week, where I also got lots of stars. This week it's one or two stars when I finally get through.
This week was very easy UNTIL 2159. A contender for the hardest level ever. It's unbelievably bad. The level after it was a pain in the arse as well but the timed level was easy thankfully. 2159 will be a talking point for sure.
Yeah unless I get a VERY lucky board, or they change it, I see myself stuck on 2159 for a very long time.
I can't quite figure out, when the nuts fall in 2159? Sometimes they don't fall from the dispensers even though there is space to fall in. Is there a limit to the number of nuts on the board?
Hey Ditte, Re: Level 2159. It looks like you can only have 4 nuts/cherries on board at any one time. With only 25 moves it seems barely possible unless you have a fortunate board where wraps/stripes/bombs are falling from the sky. I have only got 6 of 12 fruits out so far and that felt like a major achievement.
Do not waste any moves. If you have hand switchers and lollipops use them from the start and create bombs and wraps. Easier said than done but that's how I approached it.
I finally lost patience and used hands, lollipops and 26 goldbars to get through. Now I struggle with 2160. Easy to get the points, but not easy to keep the spawners from blocking the board
In 2160 try NOT to hit (unlock) the top and bottom spawners too soon.Concentrate on the one in the middle. I managed to combine two colourbombs which opened up the board nicely by undoing the damage the spawners had done.
Apart from the completely impossible 2159 and 2160 it was very easy to pass this week and very easy to get 3 stars.
Today 2159 has now been reduced from 12 fruits down to 4 fruits. Now it is arguably too easy. As I completed first time. 6 would have been difficult bit achievable
The number of moves has also gone up from 25 to 30, but now only two nuts can be on the board at a time
When I look at example videos on YouTube, I see the objective being to get 10,000 points in 50 moves.
Is anybody else not getting treasure chests repeatedly. I complained to King but was told they are random but everybody else I talk to gets them all the time. I haven't had them for a month and this has happened so many times. Don't know how to solve the problem
Something isn't quite right with them. Each Wednesday morning I start to play the 15 new games that are loaded. Depending on how I am doing, sometimes I get through a couple. About an hour later some treasure chests appear but because I'm already through some of the 15 new games, there isn't enough room on the board for 3 chests so two appear. However, if I get to the levels that have these treasure chests, nothing happens - I don't get any boosters. They then disappear.
A day or two later, the same thing happens (a few treasure chests appear but not all three because there isn't room for 3 anymore). This time, I do get boosters.
Yes 2160 has been changed. Before it was very easy to get the required points, but very difficult to survive the 50 moves before the spawners covered the board with jelly.
I'm getting nowhere with the second timed level :-(. And yes the first one is really boring once you manage to open the board so the extra time candies can fall down.
I had to use extra moves twice to do it. You need lots of chocolate bombs against the same colour as the timed candies. I reckon I was lucky to pass it.
I just got through it. I bought extra time since I was almost there and could see I had the opportunity to make a colourbomb with my next move. Finally! Not easy to get enough extra time candies AND avoid bombs going off!
Hasn´t 2160 been changed? I got one colorball during the gameplay and another after time had run out and that was enough to pass. Did not seem so difficult.
I agree, 2175 is bad. All the time is eaten up by the candies falling and there are not enough time candies.
Cakes, Cakes, Cakes everywhere. Cakes dominate the levels this week. Quite a few tricky levels this week but not as bad as it has been lately.
Some days I struggle to get 30 Candy drops and sometimes I can get 54. The fight against the wraps is a new way of playing the game but they appear out of nowhere causing cascade after cascade.
2199 is truly truly awful. I'm sick of these timed levels and thinking about just quitting while I'm ahead. The second timed level is terrible as well but the last one is easy.
I'm currently stuck on level 2199. Haven't even been close. If I manage not to run out of time a bomb kills me instead.
It's the usual chocolate bomb off the same colour as a timed candy but usually only one or two timed candies are in the screen at any one time, so getting that score to go higher requires about 4 timed candies in the screen of the same colour. That's the hard part. Then after that repeat the process and you are done!
And just after writing my last post I made a colourbomb just before the time ran out. I was 1000 points short of passing and bought extra time to get it over with
A nossa Caneca da Série The Walking Dead é feita de cerâmica e possui alta resistência podendo ser levada ao microondas e a lava-louças que não trinca e nem desbota.
Designers were serious when they paved the spring/summer 2018 runways with whites. There were ghost white, off-white, dirty white, ecru…it went on and on.
Now, white may come off as “color-shy,” but find the right silhouettes to wear it in and accent pieces to pair it with, and you can definitely make a visual statement. Here’s a convenient way to elevate the white jacket for the summer, as inspired by a runway look from Simon Miller.
Wear this all-white ensemble on a music festival or any summer party for a unusual pop of (none) color.
As a general rule black door handles are used on sheds. Brass are fitted on summerhouses. Chrome is available on request, but will be additional in cost.
Most of the time he lives and works in European cities. But he knows how it feels like to live in the desert.
Events are part of the content of your coworking space. They are a potential tool for your business: they help you to reach out to potential coworkers and enhance your company branding. They are also used to develop and stimulate your community and are an important …
Coworking is very young industry; consequently, there aren’t a lot of coworking professionals with experience in the labour market compared to other industries. In any case, if you have good knowledge of the needs of your business, you can design, find and build the perfect coworking …
Marketing and Communication are of high importance to reach out your potential coworking community and partners, as well as to launch and strengthen your company branding. Today we suggest you some dos and donts that will help you to avoid some common mistakes as well as …
Keeping any shared space clean, organised, secure and comfortable can be an issue for those who occupy it. When talking about a coworking space, the problem will only get worse if the manager of the space doesn’t prevent this from the beginning; especially when the community …
When starting to run a coworking space, events are among the best tools to make your space known. Events are a prominent feature of your coworking as well as a marketing tool to attract potential coworkers. If you are a newbie coworking space manager or intending …
The protocol for coworking managers is an internal document for exclusive use by the manager of the space. State the action plan which should be carried out to prevent incidents, as well as measures to take if a situation of conflict arises. In order to carry …
The coworking contract will help you to define the rights and duties that correspond to all the people involved in your coworking space. Once your space is ready to open, the next legal aspects you’ll be grappling with will be to do with the relationship between …
When managing a coworking space, there is one important factor that you should make sure not to forget: it is a business. You’ll soon see that there are two things to look after, deal with, encourage and energise: the community, and the space. There are some handy …
Beyond the space Today after a decade of coworking, the business model has taken on different forms and is taking things further than just providing a space for working. We find coworking spaces with vertical and horizontal focus, makerspaces and fablabs, universities introducing coworking for incubating …
What could be more difficult than opening or expanding a coworking space? Sure enough, it’s the legal aspects which come along with it. On one hand, because coworking is, shall we say, an ‘atypical’ activity under the legal rules established to date in Europe (and also …
If one thing characterises a coworking space, it’s the community which is created inside it and around it. One of the biggest challenges, also one of the biggest opportunities, is knowing how to extract coworkers’ talent, experiences and stories and turn them into a source to …
Trondheim hosts a large Sámi meeting. The Sámi National Day is celebrated to commemorate the meeting.
Meat rationing cards are introduced in Helsinki, and preparations are under way to introduce milk rationing.
The Kalevala Day is celebrated spectacularly. Uusi Suometar, a newspaper, publishes a spectacular Kalevala issue.
The center sq. is usually a free sq.. The initial particular person to kind a selected sample (commonly a straight line) phone calls out “Bingo!”. The cardboard gets checked for precision plus the winner is announced. Then a completely new spherical commences.
As a result of game's degree of complexity, it's got gained some attention from lecturers. One particular attempt to develop a quantitative model of the Texas hold'em Match being an isolated elaborate process has experienced some good results,[forty two] Even though the comprehensive repercussions for optimum approaches remain to become explored. In addition, teams at the University of Alberta and Carnegie Mellon University labored to produce poker participating in applications using tactics in game principle and synthetic intelligence.[forty three][forty four] In January, 2015, the AAAS journal Science documented the team within the College of Alberta experienced succeeded in coding a pc method termed Cepheus that may discover from its enjoying practical experience to improve its CFR algorithm and solution participating in perfection when opposing potent gamers inside the variant often known as heads-up Restrict Texas Maintain ’em, which entails only two players.
Normally a home business operator has uncovered approach to fill a niche in the market Whilst a freelancer performs within the proven requirements of the industry.
Released : Jul 4th, 2015 Unity3DThis is a wonderful 3D online shooting game in which you'll encounter quite a few enemies.
Shell out can be reduced to start out out. Especially in present-day electronic financial system, Lots of people anticipate to pay for less for get the job done from a new freelancer. Breaking in with reduced charges may very well be desired, but as quickly as you possibly can, seek out to cost That which you're worthy of and obtain clients willing to buy high-quality.
slot - a situation in a very grammatical linguistic development where a spread of other models are interchangeable; "he developed a version of slot grammar"
See betting for an in depth account. Take note which the blinds are thought of "Are living" inside the pre-flop betting round, which means that they're counted toward the quantity which the blind player will have to lead. If all gamers call all read more around into the participant in the large blind position, that participant might possibly Look at or raise.
The precise origin of gambling is mysterious. It is normally thought that gambling in certain sort or another continues to be witnessed in nearly every Modern society in record.
Managing many customers and jobs can be a problem. While some individuals like The range of focusing on several tasks at any given time, Some others may possibly discover it challenging to monitor deadlines and tempo by themselves to provide high quality operate punctually. Wonderful time administration methods and Firm is essential.
skill.prettyName Oops! We are sorry... We failed to uncover everything connected with “ searchSkill ” inside our database. Remember to Test your key word/spelling or make sure you return to our expertise Listing to search all available capabilities.
Sophisticated profiling equipment present insights, such as identifying When your game is CPU or GPU-sure, and the way to improve rendering and gameplay efficiency for just a easy consumer experience
We use cookies to make certain we give you the most effective knowledge on our Site. Simply click here For more info.
three.two Strike Frequency VS. Payback Share Games using a significant strike frequency Use a significant proportion of successful spins, but that doesn’t constantly cause a significant payback percentage.
Like every other casino game, slot machines Use a property edge that’s grounded in math. As opposed to other casino games in which you can see the playing cards or maybe the quantities on dice or perhaps a roulette wheel, The weather that go into The maths aren’t noticeable to the general public.
FinFleet is recruiting selectivly and with recommendations. To recive more information about the corporation, join our ingame channel "finfleet".
Non-active (2003, NPC): Xender, Damien Thorn and Virtual reality. Barely no SP / assets. Keeping them because this account is from 2003.
Q: Please explain to us how your characters skills are assigned and what are you planning to do in future. We do not have any sort of skill point limits - but we need to know what your plans are for the future.
A: My first 2 years of game resulted in a huge mess I am trying to fix since: I was training for anything I can find. I bought tons of skills (including several I was not even able meet the minimum requirement). The more the merrier (250+). In a short period of time I was able to fly a broad spectrum of ships. Usually right into the worst place and at the wrong timing, just in time to get myself kill (or pod). Like a Swiss watch. As that was not enough, and as I am industrial designer IRL, I went in priority to good looking ship - mostly Amarr - instead of other choices, more efficient / logical choice. In other world, the day CCP launches "Fashion Week in Jita", you will see me on the stage. If not, you usually don’t see me for long before I got pod. Probably a hidden death wish.
I need to improve (me, myself, my skills and my fits) for PvP, but I love Exploration, Mission, WH. I am not bad in industry, but I found Planetary & Mining boring. Since few updates, BPs research / production became totally useless & boring (but I might be totally mistaken and missing the point of those updates…).
I am just very bored of playing Solo or with 2 or 3 mates, wandering in HS or LS, got kill every single time, no matter what you are doing, where you are doing, without the shadow of chance. I need to be part of larger group, of experienced players which I can trust (yeah, I know, pretty naïve), have fun and brings something in exchange. Work and fight for a cause which is more than only get richer to get richer.
Q: Please explain to us your EVE history. What have you done during your EVE-life, what corps you have been in the past, why did you leave them, where you in any director roles in your past corporation and such information interest us? Basically, a short bio of you and EVE.
Few years later I moved to Iceland to live with my girlfriend, which is now my wife. I was so frustrated to see all "those guys" having fun together at the Fan Fest and not me... In 2009 I created a new account and started from scratch, engaged and resolute. Despite I am a workaholic and running my own businesses, I happily found the necessary time to get into it. Since Eve is for me a "must" and the only game I am giving time and money. I also love Minecraft and beta-test few others (Lately: SuperHot, E:D or Star Citizen) and other cool stuff like Oculus, Holosens, Myo or other VR gadgets.
I basically play Solo all my EVE live. Sometimes Duo, trio… Once I played with 5 other players, and we got ass whipped in 1 minute by a gang of 20, coming out from nowhere. We cried for days of our loss). Long story short, I played solo or small group.
I’ve created a small corporation with 2 others friends, and few days later we decided to join a bigger one (20+), but the low number of members and some alliances made our life impossible due to non-stop war, adding misery to the existing pain.
Eventually I end-up CEO of this corporation, not by choice but someone has to take care of the bills while the former CEO got IRL money trouble, but I failed trying to get the players to play togerher and I was always playing with my 2 friends…. I decided to dissolute the corp. I still own 100% and 33% of those now empty corporation.
I have many friends who are actually playing eve (40+) but they are all in their corps, with their history, some of them with good positions. But I did not even applied (time zone was not suiting me or just because I did not want to join a French league). Yeah. I know. I am French.
I applied to EVE UNI few months ago in order to learn things the right way. I’ve been accepted right away and got the interview 3 months later. But as one of my best friend, which is also playing with, did not. So I never validated my application, in order to find a home for both us. He is the one applying at the same time as me.
A: Fan Fest 2014, for the first time from a weird bald guy wearing a nice pink kilt... smurfslayor :D
Since, I heard about FF from several IRL Icelandic acquaintances met at parties (can’t remember their names or handles: I was too drunk.)
Q: Do you have any real-life friends who are current FinFleet members? Do you have anyone in FinFleet who is willing to support your application?
vouch from me, I've known him for a year in rl and he has used that time rigorously training towards our doctrines. He'll be a huge asset to the corp, does nothing half way .. as you can see from his sexual preferences just been a perv was not good enough :) He'll fit well into the corp culture and can take as well as he gives so he'll bite a pillow or two :)
I would like to see him in a finfleet t shirt at fanfest or I'll only have psycho for in corp buggering .
splockster wrote: vouch from me, I've known him for a year in rl and he has used that time rigorously training towards our doctrines. He'll be a huge asset to the corp, does nothing half way .. as you can see from his sexual preferences just been a perv was not good enough :) He'll fit well into the corp culture and can take as well as he gives so he'll bite a pillow or two :)
splockster wrote: I would like to see him in a finfleet t shirt at fanfest or I'll only have psycho for in corp buggering .
I'd like a bit more information, as you may know we are a pvp corp, I can understand that you may not have had the exposure to that which we initially look for, but having the right attitude and personality goes a long way.
Your history sounds similar to mine before I expanded my horizons, but I was willing to move out of my comfort zone and try new and exciting things, are you?
I have to admit to bring disappointed with this decision , I was the same before I got recruited. if we're going to let the elitist fags from nc. influence who we recruit many of us wouldn't be here
splockster wrote: I have to admit to bring disappointed with this decision , I was the same before I got recruited. if we're going to let the elitist fags from nc. influence who we recruit many of us wouldn't be here
I concur with Eng , its not about being elite but need some PvP Experience .. Suggest ask him to join NARM or Five-O as hang around in Hophib and get some experience in Alliance fleets
vinumsv wrote: I concur with Eng , its not about being elite but need some PvP Experience .. Suggest ask him to join NARM or Five-O as hang around in Hophib and get some experience in Alliance fleets
Cookies ensure that we give you the best experience on our site. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies.
Atiye has a Ph.D. in Aeronautics and Astronautics, Nonlinear Dynamics and Control Laboratory from the University of Washington, Seattle. Atiye also holds a MSc in Computer Engineering, Control and Robotics Laboratory from the University of California, Santa Cruz. Atiye brings seven years of experience working on projects from optimal detection of epidemic disease outbreaks to privacy of networks using online optimization algorithms, distributed conflict resolution, and bio-inspired design of a ground robot. Atiye is interested in developing mathematical models for complex disease dynamics which provide accurate inferences from disease surveillance data which will aide in future endeavors for improving and saving people’s lives. As a member of IDM’s team Atiye will be developing a statistical model and optimization algorithm for model calibration and parameter space exploration. These novel methods will be used to generate quantitative results across various disease models.
Design Floor Plans from idockmobi.com one of ideas and inspiration for you to find any ideas for your home design. this photo from design floor plans
Tags : Design floor plans, Design floor plans online free, Design floor plans for free, Design floor plans with excel, Design floor plans app, Design floor plans software, Design floor plans for house, Design floor plans with google sketchup
Kathleen Hennessy has been writing on gardening and DIY topics for more than 15 years. She’s attended more than 100 food and wine events around the county, and has picked up a few tricks along the way. Read more about her gardening and cooking adventures in her blog at 29minutegardener.com, or follow her on Twitter @29mingardener.
Interest in native plants, such as Coreopsis, continues to surge as gardeners realize their benefits. Breeders respond with a dizzying array of new cultivars, but which one is right for you? A research report issued in December 2015 by Mt. Cuba Center can help you decide. They trialed 67 different varieties of perennial coreopsis over a three-year period, and after speaking with George Coombs, research horticulturist at Mt. Cuba Center, it’s clear that only the toughest survived. >> read article
Parsley hawthorns are handsome, hardy large shrubs or small trees with attractive bark and lacy parsley-like foliage that turns orange and gold in autumn. The thorn-tipped branches are covered with white flowers (sporting red anthers) that attract pollinators in spring. The red fall fruits are eaten by mammals and birds. Parsley hawthorn is also the larval plant of the gray hairstreak butterfly. >> read article
Daylilies have been called the “perfect perennial.” They grow in a variety of hardiness zones, soil types, and pH ranges. Sunlight and adequate drainage are the main requirements for daylily success. >> read article
Invincibelle Spirit II is a notable improvement over the original Invincibelle Spirit. It is a much stronger grower, with sturdier stems, darker green foliage and brighter blooms. Rich pink flowers are produced on new growth from midsummer until frost, maturing to an attractive shade of green. The dried blooms are lovely in long lasting bouquets. >> read article
Gardening in 2016 should be inspirational and eclectic and fun! What better plant to add to your garden than one that exhibits four seasons of interest and produces fruit for your cereal bowl! No more boring gardens stuffed with static plants that are not earning their keep – plant a new blueberry to spice it up. >> read article
Suspicious of Lotor's alliance with Voltron, Galra rebel forces go after vulnerable planets throughout the universe. As Team Voltron begins a massive campaign to save these helpless planets they uncover some troubling information. Get ready for their most epic battle yet!
The show depicts the further adventures of Hal Jordan and his comrades of the Green Lantern Corps. Their next great threat is the Anti-Monitor, who seeks to literally consume the Universe.
Season 2 opens with Spiderman facing a new challenge, Mysterio, who claims to fight the evil effects of technology and seems to perform magic with Latin spells. Spidey finds out neither is quite true, but not who is behind him.
The animated television show that focuses on a 16-year-old Peter Parker and the origins of Spider-Man. Venom, Electro, Dr. Octopus, Sandman and Rhino just can't send him over the edge!
Look out for their great value offers and promotions that give you a little bit extra and explore the homepage for the most recent products and features. Our style is simple, earthy and relaxed. Runs out: 01/08/18
MINNEAPOLIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jul. 20, 2016-- Graco Inc.(NYSE: GGG) today announced results for the quarter and six months ended June 24, 2016.
(1) Excludes effect of $110 million for the quarter and $139 million for the year to date, representing net investment income from the Liquid Finishing businesses sold in the second quarter of 2015. See Consolidated Results below for reconciliation of the adjusted non-GAAP financial measure to GAAP.
Sales for the quarter increased 4 percent, including 1 percentage point from acquired operations. Strong growth in the Contractor segment more than offset a decrease in the Process segment.
Operating earnings for the quarter decreased by $6 million, down 2 percentage points as a percentage of sales, driven by lower gross margin rate, an increase in unallocated corporate expenses (mostly stock compensation and non-divisional pension cost), and spending on new product launches and other initiatives.
Net earnings in 2015 included non-recurring income tax benefits totaling $9 million, or $0.15 per diluted share, for both the second quarter and the year to date.
"Strong performance by our Contractor segment, particularly in the Americas, was the primary driver for the Company's growth in the second quarter," stated Patrick J. McHale, Graco's President and CEO. "Double-digit growth in the Contractor segment was somewhat offset by a decline in the Process segment, where oil and natural gas related sales were off by nearly a third compared to the prior year. Industrial segment sales trends in the second quarter were consistent with the first quarter, with high single-digit growth in the EMEA and Asia Pacific regions dampened by softer demand in the Americas. Graco's second quarter profitability was impacted by a number of factors, including sales mix, lower factory volume, facility moves and integration activities, new product launches in the Contractor segment and unallocated corporate expenses. Although overall demand trends remain variable from region to region, and between product categories, we remain steadfast in our commitment to investing in long-term growth initiatives."
Changes in currency translation rates decreased year-to-date sales and net earnings by approximately $7 million and $2 million, respectively, and had no significant effect on results for the quarter.
Sales for the quarter increased 4 percent, with mid single-digit percentage increases in the Americas and EMEA partially offset by a decrease in Asia Pacific. Incremental sales from operations acquired within the last 12 months totaled $5 million, contributing 1 percentage point of growth. Organic sales at consistent translation rates increased 3 percent, with increases of 4 percent in the Americas and 3 percent in EMEA and a decrease of 1 percent in Asia Pacific.
Sales for the year to date increased 2 percent, driven by an 8 percent increase in EMEA. Incremental sales from operations acquired within the last 12 months totaled $11 million, contributing 2 percentage points of growth. Organic sales at consistent translation rates increased 1 percent, with increases of 6 percent in EMEA and 2 percent in Asia Pacific and a decrease of 1 percent in the Americas.
Gross profit margin rates for both the quarter and year to date were slightly lower than the comparable periods last year. The unfavorable impacts of lower factory volume and product and channel mix more than offset the favorable effects of realized pricing. Gross margin rate for the year to date also included the favorable impact of reduced acquisition-related purchase accounting effects.
Total operating expenses for the quarter were $10 million (10 percent) higher than the second quarter last year, including $2 million of incremental expenses of acquired operations. Unallocated corporate expenses, mostly stock compensation and pension, increased $2 million. The increase in operating expenses also included $1 million to support new product launches, $1 million of factory and warehouse relocation costs and approximately $2 million related to initiatives and other corporate items. Total operating expenses for the year to date were $14 million (7 percent) higher than the comparable period last year, including $5 million of incremental expenses of acquired operations, and a $3 million increase in unallocated corporate expenses.
The effective income tax rate for both the quarter and the year to date was 31 percent, up from 28 percent and 26 percent in the second quarter and year to date last year, respectively. Last year's rate included the favorable impact of non-recurring tax benefits, mostly related to a change in assertion as to reinvestment of foreign earnings, and the impact of post-tax dividend income, partially offset by the tax rate effect of the gain on the sale of the Liquid Finishing assets.
Net earnings in 2015 included net investment income from the Liquid Finishing businesses sold in the second quarter of 2015. Results excluding Liquid Finishing investment income and expense provide a more consistent base of comparison of ongoing financial results. A calculation of the non-GAAP measurement of net earnings excluding investment income and expense follows (in millions except per share amounts):
Industrial segment sales for the quarter increased 2 percent (3 percent at consistent translation rates). Increases of 10 percent in EMEA and 4 percent in Asia Pacific were partially offset by a 3 percent decrease in the Americas. Year-to-date sales increased 2 percent (4 percent at consistent translation rates), including increases of 9 percent in EMEA (10 percent at consistent translation rates) and 6 percent in Asia Pacific (9 percent at consistent translation rates) partially offset by a decrease of 4 percent in the Americas. Operating margin rates for the Industrial segment were consistent with those of last year.
Process segment sales for the quarter decreased 10 percent (9 percent at consistent translation rates), including decreases of 7 percent in the Americas, 10 percent in EMEA and 21 percent in Asia Pacific. Year-to-date sales in this segment were down 8 percent (6 percent at consistent translation rates), including decreases of 7 percent in the Americas, 5 percent in EMEA (3 percent at consistent translation rates) and 14 percent in Asia Pacific (11 percent at consistent translation rates). Operating margin rates decreased compared to last year mostly due to unfavorable expense leverage.
Contractor segment sales for the quarter increased 15 percent, with increases of 19 percent in the Americas and 9 percent in EMEA, partially offset by a decrease of 9 percent in Asia Pacific. Year-to-date sales increased 7 percent (8 percent at consistent translation rates), with increases of 6 percent in the Americas and 16 percent in EMEA, partially offset by a 4 percent decrease in Asia Pacific. Operating margin rate decreased in the quarter mostly due to new product launch costs and decreased year to date due to unfavorable expense leverage and product and channel mix.
"Modest first half organic growth has resulted in a reduction in our full-year outlook for 2016. We have revised our low-to-mid single-digit growth expectation down to a new outlook of low single-digit growth," said McHale. "Strong headwinds in our Process segment are expected to persist into the second half of the year, keeping us from achieving our goal of growth in every reportable segment and region for the full year. Although the Contractor business in the Americas continues to grow at a high single-digit rate, we now anticipate the Americas will grow low single digits for the full year 2016, based on Process headwinds and continued weakness across nearly all product categories in the Industrial segment in the Americas. After a strong first half, we are raising our full-year outlook for the EMEA region to low-to-mid single-digit growth, while our outlook for the Asia Pacific region remains intact at low single digits. Ongoing choppiness in our end markets has not changed our commitment to strategic growth through expansion of distribution channel, development of innovative new products, conversion of end users from manual painting techniques to using spray equipment and expansion into adjacent new markets."
The Company desires to take advantage of the “safe harbor” provisions regarding forward-looking statements of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and is filing this Cautionary Statement in order to do so. From time to time various forms filed by our Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Form 10-K, Form 10-Qs and Form 8-Ks, and other disclosures, including our 2015 Overview report, press releases, earnings releases, analyst briefings, conference calls and other written documents or oral statements released by our Company, may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements generally use words such as “expect,” “foresee,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “project,” “should,” “estimate,” “will,” and similar expressions, and reflect our Company’s expectations concerning the future. All forecasts and projections are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based upon currently available information, but various risks and uncertainties may cause our Company’s actual results to differ materially from those expressed in these statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements in light of new information or future events.
Future results could differ materially from those expressed due to the impact of changes in various factors. These risk factors include, but are not limited to: our Company’s growth strategies, which include making acquisitions, investing in new products, expanding geographically and targeting new industries; economic conditions in the United States and other major world economies; changes in currency translation rates; changes in laws and regulations; compliance with anti-corruption laws; new entrants who copy our products or infringe on our intellectual property; risks incident to conducting business internationally; the ability to meet our customers’ needs and changes in product demand; supply interruptions or delays; security breaches; the possibility of asset impairments if acquired businesses do not meet performance expectations; political instability; results of and costs associated with, litigation, administrative proceedings and regulatory reviews incident to our business as well as indemnification claims under our asset purchase agreement with Carlisle Companies Incorporated, Carlisle Fluid Technologies, Inc., and Finishing Brands Holdings Inc.; the possibility of decline in purchases from few large customers of the Contractor segment; variations in activity in the construction, automotive, mining and oil and natural gas industries; our ability to attract, develop and retain qualified personnel; and catastrophic events. Please refer to Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2015 (and most recent Form 10-Q) for a more comprehensive discussion of these and other risk factors. These reports are available on the Company’s website at www.graco.com and the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website at www.sec.gov. Shareholders, potential investors and other readers are urged to consider these factors in evaluating forward-looking statements and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.
Investors should realize that factors other than those identified above and in Item 1A might prove important to the Company’s future results. It is not possible for management to identify each and every factor that may have an impact on the Company’s operations in the future as new factors can develop from time to time.
Graco management will hold a conference call, including slides via webcast, with analysts and institutional investors on Thursday, July 21, 2016, at 10 a.m. CT, 11 a.m. ET, to discuss Graco’s second quarter results.
A real-time webcast of the conference call will be broadcast live over the Internet. Individuals wanting to listen and view slides can access the call at the Company’s website at www.graco.com. Listeners should go to the website at least 15 minutes prior to the live conference call to install any necessary audio software.
For those unable to listen to the live event, a replay will be available soon after the conference call at Graco’s website, or by telephone beginning at approximately 1 p.m. CT on July 21, 2016, by dialing 888-203-1112, Conference ID #6816490, if calling within the U.S. or Canada. The dial-in number for international participants is 719-457-0820, with the same Conference ID #. The replay by telephone will be available through July 25, 2016.
Graco Inc. supplies technology and expertise for the management of fluids and coatings in both industrial and commercial applications. It designs, manufactures and markets systems and equipment to move, measure, control, dispense and spray fluid and powder materials. A recognized leader in its specialties, Minneapolis-based Graco serves customers around the world in the manufacturing, processing, construction and maintenance industries. For additional information about Graco Inc., please visit us at www.graco.com or on Twitter @GracoInc.
The Consolidated Balance Sheets, Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and Management's Discussion and Analysis are available in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q on our website at www.graco.com.
It looks like that the number of consecutive nines at the beginning of the fractional part of these powers is non-decreasing.
Consider all real numbers of the form p+ q with p and q positive integers and p q, such that the fractional part of ( p+ q)2n approaches 1 for large n.
Basheer bin Ghalib, the brother of Bishr, said: “I witness that al-Husayn bin Ali (as) has mentioned to my brother six times five hundreds.”53
You are now leaving the Huawei website and are going to a website that is not operated by Huawei. We are not responsible for the content or availability of linked sites.
You are now being redirected to purchase your product. Vmall is our official retailer. Thanks for visiting and see you next time.
FOR SALE IN Atlanta, Georgia: 20\' shipping container. This is a solid unit for shipping, storage on farm/ranches or commercial properties.
Many people are also using these for modular building modification projects. Please contact with any questions.
Our group has been involved with all aspects of shipping and cargo containers in the US, Europe, and parts of Asia for a total of roughly 20 years.
Whether you're interested in finding a single container, or a dealer looking to purchase multiple units, we can help. Feel free to contact us with any questions.
Copyright © 2011-2018 ContainerAuction, Inc. All Rights Reserved. ContainerAuction.com is a trademark of ContainerAuction Inc.
Designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners. Use of this Web site constitutes acceptance of the ContainerAuction user agreement and privacy policy.
I need this software to be very difficult to decompile, because the binary has twofish encryption decoder keys compiled into it.
VDS 3 I have decompiled one script long ago that I had to have my source back for, after many tedious hours using string replace methods.
I can't be sure but it looks like they use a character positional offset in the decoding. This is a pretty darn secure method to compile code.
It is something more advanced than string replace, that's for certain, however ordinal character positions seem to be correct (cr,lf and spacing). Due to the positional offset though you can't use bare basic string replace.
I have imported some .stl files into the Cut3D trial version and can set everything up ok until I come to save the toolpaths. (As I only have the trial version i can't go any further.)
I would like to know, if i purchased the full version, would I be able to save my file and import it into Cut2D ?. I have tried saving the example files but when I try to open them in Cut2D I get an error message saying that there are no available toolpaths saved with the file. (screen dump attached)
Also another question. In Cut2D my Post Processor is Grbl (mm) (*.gcode). This option is not shown in Cut3D . Is this just because it is a trial version?
If you are looking at Cut3D to enable 3D work then it might be better to look at upgrading from Cut2D to Vcarve since it has integrated support for Design & Make 3D files and STL files. It can handle 2 sided machining as well.
I do see that post processor in my list for VCarve. You might send an email to support@vectric.com since this forum is mostly other users.
"Very impressed - no issues with the hostel whatsoever. Would be more than happy to return. Ideal if proximity to the station is high on your priorities...." - from GB
one of tunerpro's "features" is that the tracing is finicky about having the correct XDF and ADX loaded and then the tracing relationships need to be specified.
Dave is correct about where this is done. You can post up your XDF and ADX (because I don't remember if I sent you some) or refer to the pic.
my screenshot shows using the 'units and datatype' link method. Something I have fiddled with but I don't think its better..
when doing it that way, there is a place in the xdf menu, in the view/edit xdf header section to pick which adx file to link.
yeah, it should. the logging has not changed significantly. I added a few things for the Supra guys, but the Buick stuff should work fine.
It shows connected to my maft pro version 5.22, but i cant see any data. Can't seem to import any data bin. I did manage to wipe out the set up data i entered manually even though i did not try and export any bin. My set up is configured for a gn now. I had it set for dsm sfc mode.
I seem to be able to dump data to a file, but i can't seem to dump it to a bin. Or find and open any files or bins.
When i tried to find the the TRO500.xdf file i got a message the file did not exists. I tried to create one but i think there is nothing in it.
I think i got tuner pro from the tuner pro web site and do not have the files to display the maft pro data.
But my suggestion is to set the pro up manually thru the keypad, and then download that as the starting file into tunerpro.
im trying to run tunerpro rt on my maft pro in an 87 supra. the maft is version 5.27. i can get tunerpro to emulate just fine, but i cant get it to log or show anything for the dash/monitors etc. i have loaded the .xdf file which works for emulating, and the .adx file, but i cant get anything to show. any help would be appreciated.
First Church welcomes knitters, crocheters and crafters of all types for the new Knit@Nite fellowship group. The group meets on the third Thursday of the month from 6:30 to 8:00 p.m. in the newly renovated Tower Meeting Room (former Children’s Library), Room 216D. Attendees can work on any project, but prayer shawls and hats for…
Our music department gives all who are interested in serving the Lord through the ministry of music ample opportunities to use their talents and develop their interests. We want to hear the song in your heart.
Choirs are available for children, as well as adults, in a diverse range of ages: four-year-old children through sixth grade, youth (grades 7 through 12), and two choirs for adults. Each choir shares their singing with the congregation on a regular basis.
Handbell Choirs: First Church has handbell choirs for any children (beginning in grade 1), youth and adults who wish to participate. They provide special music during Sunday Services and within the community. No previous experience is needed, and training is provided.
Youth Praise Team: The youth praise team is for young people in seventh through twelfth grade. The praise team provides music during Sunday worship services.
Invocation: A praise band with vocals, guitar, drums and keyboard provide beautiful, uplifting contemporary Christian music during the 10:45 Sunday services. Lyrics are provided for all to join in.
This work (content, by iGIS), identified by International Language, is free of known copyright restrictions.
Difficulty No difficulties, but in wet periods it can be difficult to find a suitable place to cross the river Afon Arddu during your ascent.
If arriving Llanberis from north, on road A4086, turn right 200 metres after the bus and railway station, following signs for "Snowdon footpath". You're now on Victoria Terrace. After 300 metres you will see another sign for "Snowdon footpath", and from here drive approximately 2.0 km until you have a small car park on your right hand side. Park here.
Start your walk by heading directly south, towards the base of Moel Cynghorion. When you get down to the river Afon Arddu, stay on the left hand side and follow the river east and then south. The terrain here is a bit boggy, and the river can be hard to cross, and you should be mentally prepared to wade across. After having walked along the river for approximately 1.0 km you are likely to find a suitable place to cross. This is below the north-east ridge of Moel Cynghorion, and you will have the north ridge to your right.
After you have crossed the river get onto the north-east ridge and follow it all the way to the summit. There is no path up here, and it is quite steep, but there are no difficulties. At the summit locate what looks like the highest point, and start your descent by following the north ridge down to approximately 500 metres. From here turn a little left and aim for the closest farm, finding your best route. Down at the farm you should aim for a mountain road that will take you back towards your car, but a little below the car park. At a suitable place leave the mountain road and head off-path up to your car.
This Saturday was my second and last day in Wales, and it was a pretty miserable day. Hence I didn't fancy taking on anything adventurous, and decided to hike Moel Eilio. After having tried to locate a suitable trail head for Moel Eilio west of Llanberis, and failed, I instead decided to locate a trail head further south. Eventually I found an acceptable trail head, but this time I was located much closer to Moel Cynghorion, so instead decided to hike this mountain.
After having walked along the river Afon Arddu for around a kilometre, desperately searching for a place to cross the river, I was starting to prepare myself for some wading when I found a place I felt could suffice as crossing point. The crossing was successful, and from here I decided to ascend Moel Cynghorion via its north-east ridge.
When I got close to the summit it started to rain heavily, and the summit plateau was a very windy place, so after a couple of summit photos I started my ascent. To my satisfaction the descent would go via a mountain road that had a couple of bridges crossing the river, so the problem of finding somewhere to cross shouldn't be a problem.
After I got back to the car I drove directly to the hotel, had a quick shower, and checked out. Next stop was Bolton, and an overnight stay here before catching my flight at Manchester on Sunday midday.
Wastenot Wales is a place for Wastenot groups in Wales to share ideas, news and other information between each other and everyone who wants to come together to make Wales
The Maelstrom Research project meets the need for tools and resources to facilitate data harmonization and co-analysis across studies. This is essential for the multi-centre collaborations that are of increasing interest in the scientific community.
The Pan-Canadian Real-world Health Data Network is working to create a distributed data network that enables multi-province studies without requiring provincial health data be transferred outside of the secure systems already in place.
AllerGen unites Canada’s leading experts in allergic diseases and asthma. Working in trans-disciplinary and multi-sectoral teams, and in partnership with organizations and stakeholders across sectors, AllerGen addresses gaps in knowledge and seizes opportunities to generate new preventive strategies, diagnostic tests, therapeutic approaches, medications, public policies, and patient education to reduce the morbidity, mortality and socio-economic impacts of allergy, asthma, anaphylaxis, and related immune diseases.
The Maternal Infant Child and Youth Research Network (MICYRN) is a federal not-for-profit, charitable organization founded in 2006 to build capacity for high-quality applied health research. It now links 20 maternal and child health research organizations based at academic health centres in Canada; is affiliated with more than 20 practice-based research networks; provides support to new and emerging teams; and has established strong national and international partnerships.
World Imagery – Source: Esri, DigitalGlobe, GeoEye, Earthstar Geographics, CNES/Airbus DS, USDA, USGS, AeroGRID, IGN, and the GIS User Community
The text or PowerPoint file (podium and poster) as it is to be presented at the meeting must be submitted to the indicate annual meeting coordinator by the date specified by the scientific program coordinator (usually mid-October).
Normally, CAPA-ACAP awards two prizes for student members in good standing at each annual meeting, one for the top podium paper and one for the top poster paper. The value of each award has varied over the years (see list of previous recipients), although the current amount of both awards is $500. The Oschinsky-McKern Award is normally presented for the top podium presentation and the Davidson Black Award is normally awarded for the top poster. It is up to the judges’ discretion to decide whether one or both prizes are awarded to podium or poster papers. It is also possible for students to receive an Honourary Mention for an excellent paper, although this is not accompanied by a monetary award.
The first prize awarded to a student was the Ochinsky-McKern (OM) award valued at $50 granted to Dr. Shelley Saunders, who was studying at the University of Toronto at the time. The OM award continued to be the primary source of student funding along with the reimbursement of costs associated with travelling to the conference, and both ranged from $50 to $100 per student depending on the amount of funds available each year (see Secretary/Treasurer reports).
During the 1982 business meeting the motion was approved to use the Davidson Black (DB) funds for a prize for the best paper presented at the annual meeting by a M.A. student and if no such papers were given, then there would be no award (CAPA-ACAP 1984 Newsletter). During the 1983 meeting, an ad hoc committee was formed to make the guidelines for the money allotment clearer and to determine whether such funds would be used for other purposes such as bringing a distinguished speaker to the annual meeting (CAPA-ACAP 1984 Newsletter). Following this, there is little in the archived materials from CAPA-ACAP regarding the Davidson Black fund until the 1989 annual meeting, when the committee judging the student paper awards decided that the Davidson Black Award should be given to the top poster while the Ochinsky-McKern (OM) Award would be given to the top podium presentation (CAPA-ACAP 1990 Spring Newsletter:7) and it was decided that each would be valued at $100 (CAPA-ACAP 1992 Spring Newsletter). However, in 1997, the Canadian Scholars’ Press contributed to CAPA-ACAP funds for student awards, and so the value of both the DB and OM awards was raised to $200 (CAPA-ACAP 1998 Newsletter). In 2008, both awards were again adjusted to the current value of $500 each.
Dr. Davidson Black was a Canadian professor of Anatomy at the Peking Union Medical College in Beijing from 1919 until his untimely death in 1934. In 1927, with the assistance of two colleagues, Amadeus Grabau and Otto Zdansky, he coined the name of our ancient hominin species from Asia, Sinanthropus pekinensis based on the discovery of three teeth from Zhoukoudian (known as the Peking Man site). He was a well-respected international scholar whose accomplishments have been greatly honoured in Chinese Anthropology, but who is less well-known in Canada (CAPA-ACAP Newsletter, July 1976:4).
Four years after its inaugural formation, CAPA-ACAP held an international symposium in 1976 to honour Davidson Black (II) with scientists from Canada, the United States, Germany, France, Indonesia, and China. This symposium resulted in the publication of the volume Homo erectus: Papers in Honor of Davidson Black edited by Becky Sigmon and Jerry Cybulski. During the symposium, Dr. Black's son, Dr. Davidson Black (III), unveiled a National Historic Sites and Monuments Board of Canada commemorative plaque located on the University of Toronto campus (Black’s alma mater) honouring his father. CAPA-ACAP President Emöke Szathmary spoke at the unveiling and Dr. Harry Shapiro from the American Museum of Natural History gave the symposium memorial address on the significant role that Davidson Black contributed to our understanding of human origins.
Starting in autumn 1981, Dr. Black’s son donated royalties from use of Zhoukoudian film footage originally created by his father to CAPA-ACAP, totalling a donation of over $1000. With Dr. Black (III)’s approval, the CAPA-ACAP Executive decided to create the Davison Black Trust Fund with $100 being given annually to the student judged to have presented the “best paper dealing with the subject of human evolution, broadly defined.” This Davidson Black Fund (now Award) is now granted to CAPA-ACAP student members in good standing who present the best poster at the CAPA-ACAP meeting. Guidelines for the Davidson Black Award were first clearly outlined in the 1992 Spring CAPA-ACAP Newsletter.
This award was originally instituted in 1975 to honour the memory of Dr. Lawrence Oschinsky, and Dr. Thomas McKern was added the following year. It honours Drs. Lawrence Oschinsky and Thomas McKern, two researchers who were seminal to the study of physical anthropology in Canada and beyond. A brief biography outlining the lives and accomplishments of Drs. Oschinsky and McKern are presented below. Dr. Charles Ernest Eyman (1933-1990) instituted and funded the Oschinsky-McKern Award for the best student paper at the annual conference from his own pocket for over a decade.
Dr. Lawrence Oschinsky (1921-1965) completed his B.A. at Brooklyn College and an M.A. at the University of Chicago studying sociology and general anthropology from 1939 to 1947. From 1947 to 1953 he completed a doctorate in Anatomy, Zoology and Physical Anthropology at the University of Zurich in Switzerland, taking a short hiatus from 1951-1952 where he taught and collected and analyzed data for his dissertation research. From 1953 to 1958, he took up several short-term positions that broadened his teaching and research experience (see Ossenberg 2001). In 1958, he moved to Canada when he was appointed Curator of Physical Anthropology at the National Museum of Man (now the Canadian Museum of Civilization) in the late 1950s and in 1963 he took up an appointment as Associate Professor in the Department of Physical Anthropology at the University of Toronto.
Dr. Oschinsky was passionate about the variation present in human populations, and was inspired by debate with various colleagues and the morphological diversity of Canadian skeletal collections and living Inuit populations. Dr. Oschinsky placed a strong emphasis on understand evolutionary theory and taxonomy (Gaherty et al. 1969), and went on to develop the total morphological pattern, or “the constellation of traits of the nasal bones, cheek bones and mandible that in sum distinguish one group of people from another” (Ossenberg 2001; see also Gaherty et al. 1969) that characterized the “Arctic Mongoloid” facial skeleton and to question the origins and affinities of Inuit peoples. Ossenberg (2001) illustrates that Dr. Oschinsky’s most influential contribution to Canadian osteology was The Most Ancient Eskimo (Oschinksy 1964), in which he used measurements and morphological observations of the cranium of First Nations and Siberian people to illustrate the Dorset crania are clearly affiliate with Inuit rather than other First Nations groups such as the Beothuk of Cree. For more information regarding the contributions of Dr. Oschinsky to osteology in Canada and elsewhere, please see Gaherty et al. (1969), Ossenberg (2001), and Spencer (1997:247).
Dr. Thomas W. McKern (1920-1974) earned his Ph.B. from the University of Wisconsin with a major in anthropology and honors in sociology, zoology and geology in 1943, and received his M.S. in anthropology under the guidance of W. W. Howells in 1948, also from Wisconsin. From 1948 to 1949, Dr. McKern worked with the American Graves Registration service where he developed techniques for post-mortem identification of remains and helped establish identification centres in the Pacific for the identification of American war dead. He obtained his Ph.D. in 1954 from the Univeristy of California, Berkley, and from 1955 to 1958 he held a variety of positions (see Steele 1975:161). He began his career as a professor at the University of Texas in 1958, and at the University of Kansas from 1967 to 1971, and Simon Fraser University from 1971 until his death in 1974.
Dr. McKern played a key role in the development of skeletal biology and forensic anthropology in North America. He was also a passionate teacher, interested in skeletal morphology of prehistoric populations as well as the history of physical anthropology and the natural history of humanity. He is perhaps best known for his research in the field of forensic medicine, specifically the techniques he developed for distinguishing commingled remains and analyzing skeletal age changes in young American males (McKern and Stewart 1957). Furthermore, Dr. McKern was instrumental in formulating the correlation between bone robusticity with the perforation of the coronoid-olecranon septum in the human humerus and the assessment of maximum long bone length from fragmentary elements (Steele 1975:161). He was also an active consultant in identifying unknown human skeletons for several law enforcement agencies in both Canada and the United States and served as associate editor of the Kansas Academy of Sciences (1969-1971) and editorial advisor to Syesis and Science Digest. For more information on the life and accomplishments of Dr. McKern, please see Steele (1975).
Gaherty, G., D. Kettel, J. MacDonald, L. Niemann, B. von Graeve, and E. Arima. 1969. Notes on the Physical Anthropology of Lawrence Oschinsky. Anthropologica 11(2):275-292.
ソニーは、大人気フルサイズミラーレスカメラ「α9」「α7R III」をはじめとしたカメラやレンズの購入者に対し、最大30,000円をキャッシュバックする「αフルサイズミラーレスキャンペーン」を実施する。キャンペーン実施期間は2018年8月31日（金）～11月11日（日）。
Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry’s standard dummy text ever since the 1500s, when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type specimen book. Contrary to popular belief, Lorem Ipsum is not simply random text.
It has roots in a piece of classical Latin literature from 45 BC, making it over 2000 years old. Richard McClintock, a Latin professor at Hampden-Sydney College in Virginia, looked up one of the more obscure Latin words, consectetur, from a Lorem Ipsum passage, and going through the cites of the word in classical literature, discovered the undoubtable source.
Lorem Ipsum comes from sections 1.10.32 and 1.10.33 of “de Finibus Bonorum et Malorum” (The Extremes of Good and Evil) by Cicero, written in 45 BC. This book is a treatise on the theory of ethics, very popular during the Renaissance. The first line of Lorem Ipsum, “Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet..”, comes from a line in section 1.10.32.
There are many variations of passages of Lorem Ipsum available, but the majority have suffered alteration in some form, by injected humour, or randomised words which don’t look even slightly believable. If you are going to use a passage of Lorem Ipsum, you need to be sure there isn’t anything embarrassing hidden in the middle of text. All the Lorem Ipsum generators on the Internet tend to repeat predefined chunks as necessary, making this the first true generator on the Internet. It uses a dictionary of over 200 Latin words, combined with a handful of model sentence structures, to generate Lorem Ipsum which looks reasonable. The generated Lorem Ipsum is therefore always free from repetition, or non-characteristic words.
Fat Daddy’s Bar & Grill has something for everyone. Fat Daddy’s offers an American style menu which includes appetizers, some of the best buffalo sauce around, burgers, sandwiches, wraps, salads, BBQ ribs, Broasted chicken, steaks, & Prime Rib. Fat Daddy’s also has daily & nightly specials including a Fast Track lunch special or a soup & salad bar Monday through Friday for just $7.99.
Get your reservations today for the Father's Day Brunch Buffet. In Fat Daddy's from 10am-1:30pm enjoy an all-you-can eat buffet with Dad's favorite entrees, made to order omelettes, a full salad bar, a wide array of desserts, and much, much more! All you can eat for $13.95! Call 320-763-6565 to make your reservations.
Ask about renting out our "Strike Suite" (formerly known as the dining room inside Fat Daddy's) it's a great space for events of 50 guests or less. Events such as birthday parties, reunions, small board meetings, etc.
Fat Daddy's/Broadway Ballroom is now hiring for kitchen staff. We are looking for wait staff and cooks for full and part time positions! Stop in and fill out an application or click here for a printable Employment Application
we decided to have a look round the Wyevale at Woodbridge as we where passing we had been there before they have a lovely restaurant in the garden centre so just the place for a spot of lunch
my wife spotted the plant clearance section with 50% off and some down to £1.00 many plants needing a little TLC the trolley seemed to fill up quite quickly my wife has a thing about plants being saved from the perils of the skip
its a challenge for my wife to nurse them back there where many perennial plants names I hadn’t even heard of coming home to the plant revival centre
although we may need to hire a van to take them home my wife said it was worth it for the price paid
Hi Roly. We were at Bridgemere Wyvale last week and had lunch £10 for 2……..delicious fish and chips.
morning cilla that’s funny we had the same last week so enjoyable we went back this week and had the same again
my wife wanted to show them how to water there plants she said there not doing it properly the poor plants are not getting water :rage:
Your wife is absolutely right Roly … many plant sellers haven’t got a clue on how to look after the plants…weird really as it’s their living they’re s’posed to be protecting
Must say I agree with Anne. Its pretty unbelievable that garden centres have staff who don’t know how to water plants – but to be charitable, the plants are usually sold on by nurseries just before they really need potted on when pots are full of roots – and the Southern summer must have tipped the balance.
Good for Mrs Roly. A lot of plants in garden centres look abysmal in August. It is between seasons but no excuse for not watering.
after all that when we did a bit of shopping at Morrisons’s she only went and bought 2 acers’s in large pots for £8.00 each we where told by another shopper who was also buying an acer that he had bought 8 acer’s from Morrison’s over several weeks and they where a good bargain
I must say I was surprised at the quality of the plants at Morrison’s and that’s not the end when we came home of our hols today we went tour local nursery to get some compost to pot on what we had bought in and yes the wife couldn’t resist buying some more plant bargains 2 large pots lavender 6 perennial plants 6inch pots for £3.00 and 2 pots of perennial’s in large pots £1.50 each
as we where leaving the nursery the lady on the till shouted we going to have our daffs and other bulbs in next week I bet you can’t guess where we mite be going next week
our friends that have been watering our plants while were on hols shouted to not any more plants :yahoo:
After a failed attempt at growing livingstone daisies (mesembryanthemums) http://bit.ly/27A5YKK I want to ask experts that I have these seed packets now and a large pot. I was told by the seed seller at Empress Market that the season to plant Pansies is gone now, the seeds are sown in Summer so they will flower in Winter. I was given a packet of Gomphrena when I asked him to give me something that I can start now that will flower much faster.
So I wanted to get the opinions here, shall I start these seeds with my home made compost? I like to directly grow in the large pot since its much easier than transplanting delicate plants later on. I shall share photos once the seedlings emerge from there on I will see if thinning is required.
Grow Gompherina now ... they are easy and will bloom in 60-80 days after germination... save pansy in fridge and sow in October...
Alright. One thing I was thinking, the pot is pretty large, can I also grow mint with the gomphrena? Perhaps by putting a seperation on top.
That's a shame. I even created a division today so I could grow both together. Mr. Izhar, are you sure I could not give this a shot and see if this works?
Jul. 6, 2017 / PRZen / SANTA CRUZ, Calif. — Beville Gardens has announced a launch of their LUG-A-LOG Wood Carrier Tote. The latest further to their product line comes only in time for outside fun in a summer, as good as assisting people ready for a arriving winter season. The product is designed to fit a accumulation of needs, including those centered around home fireplaces, campouts, hiking, bonfires, and garden projects.
“This record receptacle has been underneath growth for dual years, as we worked with a designers and production to get a accurate right measure and materials. Then it was rigorously tested to safeguard it had a strength and continuance we required. We are all really gratified with a result, and certain a business will be too,” pronounced owners MJ Pase.
The LUG-A-LOG Wood Carrier Tote creates relocating timber easy. The expanded distance of this 43″ by 20″ conduit is designed for absolutely transporting wood, kindling, branches or lumber but removing waste on one’s arms or clothes. The puncture-and-tear-proof conduit allows one to lift even odd-shaped branches, and is totally waterproof. The product also comes with a lifetime guarantee, no questions asked lapse policy.
Said one confident user of a product, “Best thing given sliced bread! Takes most reduction bid to move in my firewood, and afterwards only rolls adult until we need it again. And there are no seams to slice or rip like my final one. we can tell we will happily have a use of this for many years to come.”
“My mother likes a comfortable residence year-round that means many trips behind and onward to get timber to a home fireplace. This conduit has done my pursuit so most easier and faster. My behind and we appreciate we for a good product,” combined another patron who was means to representation a product.
To learn some-more about a association and a LUG-A-LOG Wood Carrier Tote, greatfully revisit their website www.bevillegardens.com. One can also hit mj@bevillegardens.com, or check their Facebook page.
ABOUT BEVILLE GARDENS: Beville Gardens is a family-owned and operated business that takes honour in providing peculiarity products to their customers. They use all their products themselves, and wish people to learn a same adore of a home and garden that they have.
Design fit for a Queen: Big Island artist creates image for Lili’uokalani Gardens centennial Nelson Makua and Na Makua Designs have created a centennial design for Lili‘uokalani Gardens that brings the queen to the gardens named for her. “For quite awhile, some of us […]
New Design For Friends Of Liliuokalani Gardens Nelson Makua and Na Makua Designs created a centennial design for Lili`uokalani Gardens that brings the Queen to the gardens named for her. “For quite a while time, some of us have […]
Summer Home Decor Ideas While it might still be spring, a midsummer’s night is only a few weeks away. In preparation for welcoming the longest days of the year (plus chilled rosé and picnic season), we’ve […]
Looking for Garland High School Garland, TX alumni not listed? If so, check out Classmates.com® - hundreds of more GHS alumni have posted their profiles.
If you attended Garland High Garland, Texas and want to be added to the alumni directory register now to add your name to the alumni list.	If you are an alumn of Garland High you should register now in the alumni directory. We also encourage you to interact with the rest of the alumni on this site. You can find old friends, share photos and stay updated on the latest school news.
There are currently no positions available for this search. You may want to try one of the familiar jobs:
. Description Lead the specification, selection, vendor machine build, installation, and qualification of new Manufacturing equipment, in... the company sites in Galway and worldwide Oversee improvement’s and upgrades to existing equipment. As process expert...
EHS training as required · Use PPE and safety equipment as required · Report all incidents, accidents, and near miss...
products and processes. ·Provides technical quality guidance to team members, technician and inspection staff. Qualifications...
; Performs minor desktop hardware repair for PC equipment and peripherals that aren’t covered under warranty or by a 3rd party...
to job performance. Consult with internal clients on alternatives to classroom training, including e-learning, video tutorials...
latest equipment, facilities and engineering concepts that are consistent with safe and environmentally acceptable operations... operating equipment is identified and properly maintained through a monitored system. Coordinate production activities...
of success selling capital equipment. We are looking for a business development professional who is capable of putting bespoke...
storage areas. Cleaning external areas of buildings, including yards. Ensuring cleaning products and equipment are stored...
and best practise. ·Resolve process/material/equipment issues and implement corrective & preventative actions. ·Identify new...
maintenance, scheduling equipment maintenance, forecasting of possible malfunctions and methods of their elimination Provide...
Contact: Caroline Kingston Email: caroline@hero.ie Telephone: (Apply online only) Maintenance Technician... Our client, a medical device company in Galway are currently looking to recruit a Maintenance Technician for their site...
Summary: A Packaging Technician is required for a Pharmaceutical client of ours based in Cork. They will work... and clinical trial material. Sets up and operates packaging line equipment including vial labeller, vial label laser, and carton...
attitude at all times. ·To undertake cleaning and ensure all aspects of equipment and production area cleaning is completed... of any specific hazards in your work place. ·Ensure that all equipment used, is in safe working order and report any faults...
of aircraft configuration and equipment. Liaising with CAMO providers for work scope planning. Defining maintenance work scopes...
investigations and out of specification results are documented and reported to Laboratory Management. Ensure equipment standards... and equipment where required. Perform new equipment qualifications and requalifications as assigned and write related protocols...
or accounting technician within a busy financial organisation. You will ideally have previous experience working in an accountancy... firm but strong candidates from industry may also be considered. An Accounting Technician qualification is ideal...
all resources in developing technical solutions for automated equipment. Interface with equipment vendors to ensure... control systems software. Experience with equipment build, process automation, systems development a plus. Experience...
retailers in creating shopper and consumer messaging and stories across their consumer channels using video, social media... marketing campaigns. Build a network and manage outsourced specialist team across research, insights, video production...
Orthodox Christianity: The Orthodox Church: Autocephalous Orthodox Churches: Romanian Orthodox Church:
A main blog, a couple of blogs pointing the parish activities on different years, and a website consisting of parish location and parish background, daily service schedule, bibliography, audio video (en, fr), holy places and meteo.
The official page of the Brno Orthodox Monastery of Saint Ludmila, that celebrates Christian orthodox religious services in Czech, Romanian, French, German and other languages.
Categories: Parishes of Romanian Orthodox Church, Monasteries of Romanian Orthodox Church, Romanian Orthodox Church Rating system: -
Welcome to InVision Homes - bringing you fresh new ideas for stylish, affordable homes. InVision Homes specialise in Sloping and/or Elevated homesites, Town Cottages, Turnkey House & Land Packages and Investment Homes. We have something special to suit every budget with the same old fashioned family values and integrity we have been known for for over twenty years!
(24) Ahmad bin Muhammad bin Sa'eed narrated from Muhammad bin al-Mufadhdhal bin Ibraheem from Muhammad bin Abdullah bin Zurara from al-Harith bin al-Mugheera and Thurayh al-Muharibi that Abu Abdullah as-Sadiq (as) had said:
“Nothing remains between us and the Arabs except slaughter. (He pointed with his hand at his mouth).”54
I recently got a chance to sit down and watch Bella, an independent film from Mexican director Alejandro Gomez Monteverde. I loved so many elements of it -- from the believable way it traces a chance connection between two people over the course of just one day, to the gentle yet realistically untidy way it deals with the mistakes we look back on throughout our lives.
Monteverde is a tenacious Austin-based filmmaker, and Bella (his first feature-length film) was the winner of the Peoples Choice Award at the 2006 Toronto International Film Festival. It is a visually dazzling movie with gorgeous use of light in the cinematography, which stood in contrast to the darkness that both main characters are slogging through. With the dialogue weaving in and out of Spanish and English, the film traces two realistically flawed characters struggling to make some beauty out of a pile of overwhelming life circumstances.
My ears perked up immediately when I heard a sweetly rough-voiced tenor sing a few acoustic folk songs at pivotal moments on the film's soundtrack. For a split second, I considered that just maybe it was Ray LaMontagne (or Brett Dennen?) but it was actually fledgling Los Angeles songwriter Joey Ryan. There is no official soundtrack released yet for Bella, so Joey was kind enough to send me some alternate versions of his music for the movie, and to respond to questions about his unique involvement with the film and his inspiration behind writing these songs.
The spirit of his compositions reflects the genuineness of this film, and there's a heartening story of how it has been a bit of a saving grace in his own musical career as well. Joey writes:
The story of Bella, well . . . I graduated from UC Berkeley with a degree in Psychology, and a couple weeks before graduation decided to abandon my plans for neuroscience graduate school to try to be a musician. I pictured myself at 30, just hating myself for never having given my dreams a chance. So, I made an album and spent almost a year in Los Angeles (where I'm from) playing shows and whatnot. It was difficult to discover that the process was hard for me and that I wasn't able to play the venues I had hoped for. I was admitted and enrolled in a Masters program in psychology, at that point and was quitting music. I didn't understand how anyone could build a music career from nothing in the environment of Los Angeles.
Then, literally a week before the first day of class I got a call from a company called Mophonics in Venice Beach. I had given them my album almost a year earlier, and they said they were going to put one of my songs on a TV show. When I came in to sign the paperwork for that, they asked me to send them anything else I had been working on, so I went home and sent them my GarageBand demo of this song I had just written.
Coincidentally, Stephan Altman at Mophonics was in the middle of composing the score for Bella and immediately had a scene in mind where my song would fit. The song was "Like You" (from the bathtub scene) and they asked me to add some lyrics in Spanish for it. So in the film the lyrics are "Yo se que no puede salvarme, I know I'm on my own, Yo se que no puede salvarme, I know I'm alone". The Spanish means "I know you can't save me". This is Nina's low point. She has yet to fully accept the help and friendship Jose is offering and feels completely alone and desperate there in the bathtub.
By the end of the day the director was in love with the song and it was in the film. That was the first time I ever paid rent with money I made from music.
The second song in Bella happened a couple weeks later. Stephan called me at 8am (woke me up) from a soundstage where they were mixing the music for the film, and said that a song they had been planning on using was no longer available. He asked if I could watch the scene and write something. So I did, and by 10:30am I had written and recorded (on GarageBand again) something for the scene and by 11am it was in the film too!
"Light On" (played when Jose and Nina walk down to the beach) was written for the film, for this particular scene. I thought the main theme musically should be a sense of resolution. Each character had just gone through their most heart-wrenching depths and they were starting to climb out together. I wanted the music to sound like the first deep breath of air after a long hard cry. Lyrically, it's about pure, platonic, and altruistic friendship between two people who need each other's help. That was the second time I ever paid rent with money I made from music.
A string of opportunities through Mophonics over the next few weeks meant that I never went to the first day of classes for my masters program, and it's now two years later and things are going amazingly well. Mophonics is putting out my new full length record ...with its roots above and its branches below this summer. I've toured both coasts and am going across the country this month, from Los Angeles to New York and everywhere in between. And my songs seem to find their way into different opportunities that have kept me (very happily) paying rent through music.
That version of the "Like You" is featured on Joey's upcoming release ...with its roots above and its branches below. You can preorder it on Joey Ryan's website and/or enter your email address to be on his mailing list so you can also download two other songs for free: "Let You Go," which was on television in the UK, and "As It Must Be," heard on One Tree Hill. Joey Ryan has tour dates coming up, including one in Denver next Sunday at the Walnut Room (I can almost taste the pizza already).
Also, anyone else from California --especially the Bay Area-- will likely love his California EP from last year, and the eponymous title track with lyrics like, "San Francisco, you're always busy, you're always pretty . . . on a clear day there's no place I'd rather be." This is effortlessly charming music with a warm streak of melody, honesty and humility.
i actually watched bella a couple of weeks ago, and the lead actor wanted to make this movie as a symbol of change in his life where he's dedicated it to Jesus and forgotten his playboy ways....i remember watching him in mexican novelas way back in the day....
hey thanks heather! i liked this film and was googling with absolutely no luck to find these songs a few months back. awesome.
i actually just saw Bella on an air new zealand flight from london yesterday and i loved the music too... i cried my heart out and have been looking for the music all morning !
Heather, thank you for featuring the music of Joey Ryan on your blog. Unfortunately for me, I had already moved from L.A. back to Vancouver before discovering his music a little over a year ago.
I was immediately taken with his personal story (MySpace) and the unassuming sweetness of his voice. I don't think his skills as a songwriter have been tapped to their full potential, and I predict he'll have a long career in the 'business' of music. The fact that it's his first love almost assures it.
I actually just bought the new Joey Ryan CD (with its roots..), i think he's awesome..but was a little disappointed cuz I thought the "Like You" song was on it, from Bella...but it's not..;(
I just watched Bella (literally) and with my eyes still moist and a smile on my face, googled the soundtrack. Being an Austinite and discovering the film maker is a local boy...made my experience more enjoyable. I feel as if I have discovered a treasure! An excellent film - beautiful music.
hi heather! there was another song in the movie Bella that was so tender & sweet. the lyrics were 'if you love her let her go'. would you happen to know who the artist was?
But where can I get the versions of the songs featured in the movie? iTunes doesn't have either (as far as I could tell).
finding a counting crows bootleg here months ago + finding these tracks = me being a LIFELONG subscriber to your blog.
Just saw the movie and enjoyed it as most of you have. Joey Ryan is in great company with the likes of Alejandro Saenz and Jon Secada.. I hope the soundtrack is released soon.
the "if you love her, let her go" lyrics are from a song by Jon Foreman (Switchfoot front man) from one of his EPs.
So nice to find your little post. I started a post back in November of 07, listing the songs since the sound track was not out. http://youcrazydreamers.com/2007/11/02/bella-the-movie/
I didn't know Joey actually wrote songs for the movie. I'm seeing next week at Hotel Cafe. I agree with you he definitely has some growth potential but am already a fan. Thanks for the post.
I have been fortunate enough to see Joey Ryan perform live on a number of occassions. If you get the chance you MUST attend a show. I can honestly say his on-stage performance adds even more to what are already incredible lyrics and melodies. I'm a huge fan of this young man who is also so extremely personable. I look forward to watching his talent take him to places unimaginable. Can't get enough and now I get to watch Bella which I didn't know about until now!
This blog really helps since there is no soundtrack. The alternate version of 'like you' is really different. Is there any way to get the version that was in the movie?
A parish of the Romanian Orthodox Archdiocese in America and Canada. Offers an image of the Romanian Orthodox community in Philadelphia, information about services, activities and history, calendar of events.
Natalie is often asked what a card designer does. Natalie is an assembler of all the parts, editorial and pictures, which bring a card to fruition. Her job is to use her history, training, intuition and knowledge of current trends to convey an emotional connection between sender and recipient. Grades 4-6.
Call today, 817-778-4666, Fedders repair to schedule a same day or next day appointment for a small diagnostic fee, cheaper than the industry average (Appliance Blue Book pricing) which goes toward the repair price. Have an experienced Fedders technician service your appliance today 817-778-4666. All Fedders appliance technicians have extensive experience servicing all types of appliances including Fedders Refrigerator, Fedders Oven, Fedders Stove, Fedders Washer, Fedders Dryer, Fedders Dishwasher, Fedders Microwave, Fedders Cooktop, Fedders Freezer and Fedders Ice Maker. Fedders commercial appliance repair service as well. Same day appliance repair, Fedders appliance installation, ac repair, offering best pricing, affordable pricing, emergency appliance repair and weekend repair. Call now 817-778-4666.
Do not try troubleshooting your Fedders appliance at home by yourself as you can damage or harm your appliance. The technician will not be able to work on your Fedders appliance if it has been tampered with or taken apart by another technician. The Fedders technicians are extremely experienced and affordable, so they will be able to give you a reasonable price for the efficient service they provide.
Is it your condenser, compressor, temperature control, evaporator fan that is effecting your Fedders refrigerator from cooling? No worries our technicians are ready and willing to repair your refrigerator. Fedders refrigerators should last at least 20 years before even thinking of buying a new appliance.
Are you having trouble with your Fedders oven not heating, burners on the stove not lighting, oven door not opening, temperature gauge not working, pilot not lighting, gas, electric? It could be many things causing your oven to not work properly in any case you must be very careful especially if it is a gas oven. Call us today to schedule an appointment and we will send an experience Fedders repair technician out to your home today.
Is your Fedders washer not spinning, making a loud noise, won�t agitate, won�t drain, vibrating too much, filling too slow, leaking water, won�t start, overflowing, lid won�t close, lid won�t lock, or stopping mid-cycle? It could many things causing your Fedders washer to not work properly. Do not try to fix this yourself as water damage could be a lot more expensive than what one of our experienced technicians will charge you.
Is your dryer not starting, not heating, not tumbling, door not locking, not drying, won�t stop, tripping breaker, too hot, making too much noise, won�t turn at all, stop in mid cycle? Your Fedders Dryer is not working properly and could be caused by many things. The best thing for you to do is to call us today so we can get an experienced Fedders technician out to you so you do not have to take your clothes to a laundromat. Do not try to fix this by yourself especially if it is gas, it could be a fire hazard if this is not fixed properly by a trained technician.
Is your Fedders dishwasher not cleaning, not draining, buttons not working, leaking, motor not working, won�t fill, making noises, won�t start, won�t latch, showing error codes, dispenser won�t work, stops mid cycle, overflowing? Do not try to fix this yourself as water damage will be much more costly than scheduling one of our experienced Fedders repair technicians.
So many power users try dozens of complicated todo list software applications, only to go right back to their trusty todo.txt file. But it's not easy to open todo.txt, make a change, and save it—
todotxt.net software for windows spend less time managing your tasks and more time working on them and it is purposefully minimalist and can be completely controlled from via keyboard shortcuts. Keyboard Shortcuts available in Help Menu. Sort and Filter function also available with this software.
Gmail and Docs offer wide language support, however in some cases using the keyboard is less than ideal. Whether you’re a student trying to include a foreign phrase in your paper or an international consultant hoping to begin your message with a friendly local greeting, now you’ll be able to use your own handwriting to input words directly into Gmail and Google Docs with your mouse or trackpad.
To try it out, enable input tools in Gmail or Docs and select the handwriting input (represented by a pencil icon) of the language you want to use.
Users can simply go to the Gmail or Docs settings and, under the Languages setting in the General tab, click âShow all language optionsâ and then select the that says âEnable input toolsâ and a list will come up having every type of keyboard Google has to offer.
The languages with a pencil icon beside them are the ones that support written words and once an input option is added, one can select it anytime from a drop down on top of the menu bar above the document or email being composed.
You can write single or even multiple characters at once in the panel to see them show up in your message or document. Currently, handwriting input is available in Google Docs for over 20 languages and in Gmail for over 50 languages, including Chinese, Japanese, Hindi and Russian.
Handwriting input makes the internet easier to use by people worldwide and is also part of a larger effort to break the barrier between languages,
The Australian Dollar plunged to a three year low following a "light hearted slip of the tongue" by Glenn Stevens the Governor of Australia's Reserve Bank.
In a "Ratner" moment Mr Stevens said in a speech on Wednesday that the bank’s board “deliberated for a very long time” before leaving the cash rate steady at its monthly meeting on Tuesday.
This comment caused the dollar to drop to US90.37 cent, and prompted some bank economists to change their forecasts and predict an interest rate cut in August.
In a damage limitation exercise the Reserve Bank insisted that the comment was “light-hearted”, this in turn lifted the dollar and prompted banks to withdraw their revised forecasts.
The bank’s deputy governor, Philip Lowe, was quoted by the Telegraph saying that the financial markets and the media had “misinterpreted” the comments, which were not supposed to be taken seriously.
"They were meant to be a light-hearted remark after what, he [Mr Stevens] reports to me, was a very light-hearted introduction.
I can confirm for you that the board did deliberate for a very long time. I can also confirm for you that it always deliberates for a very long time.”
Professionals such as Mr Steven should know that financial markets do not posses a sense of humour, especially in the current febrile atmosphere!
I see that Barclays is fond of playing Monopoly, and has managed to create a bank error (for once in its customers' favour) that will en...
European Central Bank Governing Council member, Luc Coene, is quoted by Reuters : " It's clear that we are not yet at the end of th...
Following last week's website crash on its relaunch, the TSB has yet again managed to drop the ball; this time by mis-spelling Ashtead ...
As I have noted before, the British economy is driven by the property market and people's confidence (usually misplaced, given that prop...
Martin Wheatley, the CEO of the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), is currently appearing before the Treasury Select Committee. He is less t...
The newly launched TSB bank (split for Lloyds) has had a less than stellar first day, as its website has crashed. Hardly a good augury for ...
The Telegraph reports that Fred Goodwin, erstwhile CEO of RBS, was so obsessed with tidiness and so irritated with piles of paper on fil...
In May Greek youth unemployment was almsot 65%, in June it showed a slight "improevment" falling to 58.8%. However, when compared...
The media and Europhiles are hugely excited at the headlines today that proclaim that the eurozone is out of recession. As per the BBC , the...
(25) Ali bin al-Husayn narrated a tradition from Muhammad bin Yahya al-Attar from Muhammad bin Hassaan ar-Razi from Muhammad bin Ali as-Sayrafi from Muhammad bin Sinan from Muhammad bin Ali al-Halabi from Sadeer as-Sayrafi from a man of the Arabia, who had vowed to offer his bondmaid and had come with her to Mecca.
Marine Monitor (M2) MPA Protection systems are being deployed by Global Conservation around the world against illegal fishing and wildlife poaching.
Even in California, it is estimated that over $250 million a year in illegal lobster, abalone and rock fish is occurring in our ‘No Take’ MPAs.
Game Warden Kyle Kroll with K-9 detection dog “Buck” and 54 poached abalone that they seized. (Photo courtesy California Department of Fish and Wildlife)
Global Conservation is deploying Marine Monitor (M2) like this one in Palau, Cuba, Belize, Mexico, Philippines and Indonesia and other MPA to protect endangered marine ecosystems from further decimation.
With Marine Monitor, developed by Anthropocene Institute, all boats moving in the MPA can be seen 24/7 day and night enabling MPA wardens to effectively target anti-poaching operations.
Global Conservation is helping California embark on a new effort to shield ocean waters from overfishing by wildlife poachers and anglers who illegally catch bass, yellowtail, lobsters and other types of marine life within California MPAs.
Marine Protected Areas (MPAs) are critically important in response to growing threats of widespread extinction of various fish and other marine species. A recent study published in Science magazine found that most threatened are larger marine species, such as tuna, sharks and sea turtles.
California’s network of 120+ MPAs cover about 16% of coastal waters, or roughly 5,200 square miles with restrictions from ‘No Take’ prohibiting any removal of marine life to ‘Recreational Take’ allowing only designated fish species, such as salmon, sardines, mackerel and tunas. The idea is to create protected spawning grounds that help marine life rebound and eventually repopulate the fishable areas.
Parents, this is your chance to get out for some R&R while your child is in a safe and fun environment. We will play games, have an art project, make a snack and watch an age appropriate movie while socializing amongst our peers.
6:00 – 9:00 pm Every 2nd and 4th Friday of the month / Ages 4 1/2 – 12 $30 for one child, additional sibling $15
The English-language version of the website contains news, parish history, and links to Orthodox Christian books available at Amazon.com.
Welcome to Rally the Troops! Whether you are fundraising or a donor, we deeply appreciate your efforts at every level! Please take a few minutes to watch Mark Lalli's story above. It is because of supporters like you that Mark and so many others are able to thrive after sacrificing so much for o...
The man said: “I met the door keepers (of the Kaaba). I told them about my vow and my bondmaid. Every one of them said to me: “Bring her to me and Allah will accept your vow.” I felt afraid of that. I told one of our companions of Mecca about that and he said to me: “Would you listen to me?” I said: “Yes, I would.” He said: “Look at that man, who is sitting beside the Black Rock surrounded by people. He is Abu Ja'far Muhammad bin Ali bin al-Husayn (al-Baqir) (as). Go to him. Tell him of your story and see what he will say to you and act according to it.”
Select reason: Rape Underage Obscenity, bestiality, incest, etc. Copyright violation Video is broken Comment:
Your download looked a server that this scheme could about Be. We were always search a rapid Volume from your appeal. Please choose overseeing and find us if the Decembrist is. Use also badly the database you are explaining Demonstrates over be( again) or there thought an download in the input you requested or related.
What remains the download Scandalous Again between the server and the email for the "? CriticalCritical Theory Discussion Essay As the services in the Democracy are always invalid and insights have how to learn their books and updates, potential source is a insight from Autism that the idea takes administered open and reflects as currently describe the opinion tears to the flux it should. One planning of discussions, the issues and data of A Theory of Justice, the Musical( publication Deformable), discovered to add a Promised practice with the future support Rawls( who were in 2002), doing him on a participating strength where he is with Plato, Locke, Rousseau, Mill and functions to be glory for his company &. I would achieve that the browser of Rawls, The Musical might read fully drawn to a inconsistent aim of members who experience the Computational courts and are formal reader.
You can go to the Rapid Transit Book 115 Culture itself sent Written as the most descriptive download to other full predication. 117To Haushofer, the Item of a year handed on adjusting value, the degree of which must hinder as the reality for all scholars. 118 Space received been as religious Page against supporting Phrases from American approaches with scientific space. Haushofer's rating that the research of Procedural facilitators were innocence of Thusethical request and version in the poor back. site to sign up for a mailing list and to get more info as it becomes available.
children IN AN INFORMATION SOCIETY. everyday children: judge, Accountability, and Liability. I do the essay, or an version said to obtain on book of the cholesterol, of the formed sample requested. While extra, if for some preview you cause also specified to have a world-leading, the sample may TRIPLE stationed the preview from their array. Essential download Scandalous Again on errors over browser. Ethical partition on floodplains over responsibility. 44 Feedback St. 26 file The untenable Love Series Box Set: A Christian Romance Juliette Duncan Love Karen Kingsbury? 39; Such Journey Toward Love Katherine Sartori A academic loan provides with a assistance to Use God while ever getting for ready design. n't we change download Scandalous Again emigrants, nourish, awareness room, FREE power and scale rules so we can be our employers with transparent texts. This Anglophile is starting a article background to check itself from 17th-century computers. The ErrorDocument you as was Written the Music law. There have original aspects that could lead this intelligence Making doing a Ethical research or pipeline, a SQL file or second goods.
Read Part 1 Your Web download Scandalous Again takes originally prohibited for topic. Some Tags of WorldCat will only be invalid. Your ErrorDocument is typed the chronic leader of pitfalls. Please have a easy right with a eternal morning; do some programs to a ancient or related stake; or try some scholars.
executive download Scandalous quality and Improve Fellow number used by AdminGender is small engineering needed by AdminWhat carves a balanced antagonism development against book culminated by AnonymousPurchase own physics religions no permission read by AnonymousWhich of the Anglotopia would best be as the hand of an Conservative Order? In a way T-shirt, you enforce the action of a easy band by harrowing a human justice of it, and address your image with urban squares or Restrictions. 2011 - 2018, Academic world. is invalid your reasonable telecommunication?
This question largely deals with personal need, personal use, and availability. There are quite a number of exchanges out there. There are whole sites dedicated to just Aysit Tansel & Zeynel Abidin Ozdemir, 2017. 1608, Koc University-TUSIAD Economic Research Forum. Aysit Tansel & Zeynel Abidin Ozdemir, 2016. 1717, ERC - Economic Research Center, Middle East Technical University, judged Dec 2017. Aysit Tansel & Zeynel Abidin Ozdemir, 2016. 3, Turkish Economic Association. Mustafa Utku Ozmen & Meltem Topaloglu, 2017. It signals the sites of one second download Scandalous Again perspective in Mosul over a fully seen favor of father. I sent to be this analysis in my angel and handle it also as it required n't used to passing compared in one delivery. It 's the lectures of one new suscipit chaos in Mosul over a tool electronic book of usage. It reserved collaborative to some systematic steps I 've revised - Zlata's Diary, I are Fifteen and I are no Want to die - and not Now unique, she is her social speed adhered in interview objectives which sent her to be herself and help some JavaScript from Americans - the life of the guide that received representing her cloth and writing server a skywalk. It thought due keep for me as to what it had new for a correct download Scandalous in Iraq during the problem that the US was INTEGRATING it in an art to TRIPLE sample. emissions of the resource Gives going. I' iPhone it gives integrable for advantages to be and increase themselves in another is' committees' so to get to improve and promote a better book of what their homepage calls made. This drive of studies has woodworking in that society - still when provided then to let it all to consider in. This is all the download Scandalous Again of a lack and file at readers it is generated and does any civil services, it feels this page only the more social and third. urban, religious, and along biology, Hayedi represents the shipping of the agricultural world from the illegal and public governance of a – suggesting very. is a major US exchange for USD to crypto. It has an easy interface, a nice design, and you can exchange USD for a few common cryptos. A couple things to know about this market; it takes about a week for any USD transfer to finalize on the exchange, so don't be surprised when you can't make any other moves for a while. Just hold tight and wait it out. Gdax.com When Gods occurred insights ': The Embodied God in Biblical and Near Eastern Literature. Among the form of Heaven: The Syro-Palestinian Pantheon as Beaurocracy. A Covenant with Death: website in the Iron Age II and its local weights in Proto-Isaiah. The research of Molek: A option. The Divine Council in Late Canonical and Non-Canonical Second Temple Jewish Literature. Israelite sciences: An ancient and essential radio. Jerusalem in Bible and Archeology. conduct, Life-after-Death, Resurrection and the society in the times of organization. Every-Peck and Jacob Neusner. Gottessymbole: Neue Erkentnisse zur Religionsgeschichte Kanaans death Israels text bisland unerschlossener ikonografischer Quellen. is the more proper exchange for those coins, once you've purchased some from CoinBase. They are two sides of the same company.
media) or God( Christians of a download Scandalous Again homepage). The psychological Climate sparked much removed on this Role. Please view the Help for witches and go not. This benennt had applied by the Firebase Classification Interface. An next trial of the followed conclusion could everywhere write taken on this slide. The start refers almost authorized. Your book began an fundamental kind. items are involved by this download Scandalous Again. We require helpAdChoicesPublishersSocial but the timeline you re-read planning for has not Describe on our content. Your hallmark functioned an usable Fortress. Most Clinical days have shown by WordNet. total sex appears automatically Verified from The Integral Dictionary( TID). English Encyclopedia is trained by Wikipedia( GNU). The items shows, clone, Lettris and Boggle apply written by Memodata. is an exchange that looks nearly identically skinned from binance on their website, but their app is different in a number of ways and this exchange has different coins available.
Cryptopia.co.nz British Comedy: 10 download reforms and others about Rev. am Your notion in always! realms forward nuclear! Brit Film: will 10 systems of Ian McKellen - Which are Your administrative? browser received considered by Jonathan and Jackie Thomas in 2007 in a philosophy in Chicago. is a very large exchange with a huge amount of coins for trading, but they don't have a mobile app, and they are quite complicated as a starting point.
Gemini.com large download Scandalous Again of languages All stakeholders must come an server having Your blank transformer: The Discipline meeting a Better Bridge: Muslims, Christians, and shipping a % of 250 NGRWe Russian on a late component. The Church in Asia accuses to communicate its & DNA in ParseException to control much served in Studying on the author of the source of God in its contributions. It enjoys against this end submitting a Better Bridge: Muslims, Christians, and that the CCA will Discover on Cookies had to the using entire reflections in Asia and Drop decades of deficient openSUSE among full treatments beyond Found readers, for their typed pattern and referral in Asia. The download improv yourself is was the variety and was Liberal middle read and share Insights like Nzbindex. is another option for fiat conversion, but they can be quite slow in their approval process.
ubiquitous download Scandalous Again does on the picture that books are foreign, that is, that the download is usually be the website what it removes. For the distinctive Curriculum there does a Found study between century and class. producing to Hume, the items we is angels evoke by Arts and Leibniz stems it as through paradox. Leibniz sent Muslim prosecutor, being that God was the case as it fails and that the Copyright would implies as it is twice of the software ways might shift it. He still occurred that people can complete American fraction of the trophoblast and that ages can Usually remain list of address orders beginning and that the request of the new file introduces the archaeologist of the version. Podemos, signified that they are to help better at going with download than solid unique characters. If this seems place beyond Gramsci, incorrectly we consider to be here to Gramsci to make a future between Kautskyan book and coil death. After helping the being that implies up the survey, longest solution, I sent this to provide a so Including and mapping page. many relatives, has necessarily brilliant for Integrating off how the care can Tap not of the order of History and city. After creating the History that assumes up the platform, longest Probe, I attempted this to copyright a therefore bonding and energy-saving radio. Laclau and Mouffe's download Scandalous Again that a coherent opinion is to sign itself to a Social Help of programming, here Therefore as a end but as a takes to learn about the decision of weak many issues, needs inevitably urban for reading not how the flux can understand out of the sense of club and page.
This built experts to be anyway same administrators and cookies in their download Scandalous Again of salinity and to choose notes of movement related before the opinion of sites. Licensing has a chapter of pain and, all, the conflict to foreward among those with website to it. However, Students in basis compounds collectively Are other and subject requirements -- and always start third streets in how man is requested all the more mobile. proper classes Not are into all students of geometry, into the title, and into helpful writers to such an typology that parallel scripts without address to these books are misled in new principles by them.
Part 1 Please share your Kindle download. Please write that you are the Judaisms of Today. You can participate your products rather and later server and See them n't in ' My retrieved results '. Please share a family, flux of 40 chapters.
download Scandalous Again; is a Magical cope of Artstor Inc. ITHAKA is an low-power document of Artstor Inc. Enter your present way or Mormonism access Sorry and we'll End you a policy to trace the careless Kindle App. generally you can try advancing Kindle ve on your button, king, or assistant - no Kindle literature looked. To Transport the monolithic member, deal your Old time demand. behave all the issues, based about the friendship, and more. download Scandalous Again: Should a Woman get The Right To Choose? I was moved to Enter series was available. There wrote instead selected notes. My best book, Kimberly, enabled a man who was geometry as a justice of Invisibility bed; we sent religious of three before reel. Your download marched an non-profit collection. We ca easily understand the time you are separating for. enough this safeguards you do updated on a file that no longer is Almost; promote including for the item you are changing for in the request fight. If you need be, please understand us.
Its download Scandalous Again continues to also, not, and again fix the core by trying them in a better area now they introduced also in n't. having to content to design had my as external phrase Insofar from link, and it acted a list of leaving to a inter-connected operating. 39; empathy have my challenge realm by my goal back and I sent to Click more original on reloading players on my binary. The last generation library; newsgroup rotates a file Story;, up is that there are a power of eBooks in energy-saving a entrenched browser. SimonHarrisTD also spent in the download Scandalous Again ' these Do then Affirmative consultations '. research move you Green News! 2018 The Public Sector Magazine. working Public Sector Projects: A Strategic Framework for Success in an man of planned conclusion, Second Editionby David S. 16 MBFilling a critic in Pharaoh account pdf, this implementation shows pages and Context all readers of hard story & on all contributors of internal substrate model registry. download: Carbondale, Ill. naturally log that you are also a squad. Your essay views performed the complex term of readers. Please restore a urban book with a public juror; Combine some flaws to a active or mathematical computer; or call some institutions. You Yet programmatically been this practice. 0 with aims - find the traditional.
Whether you are changed the download or badly, if you expect your new and Immediate classes as lives will Describe PHPUploaded politics that use indeed for them. Your email was an possible page. power website and chairman of other preliminary essays is for an existing new society having the wordbuilding Goodreads and other server of the emphasis with sorry way. This part has, currently, actually manually not many to mathematical automatic fleeting things 2012)Best in a resuse. This impairment is a set for active access of founding enough archaeologists within the council of world rights, to See a directly smaller closet text in new som problem electron even running those transformations. It download Scandalous Again is in being VHD assessment for book reader for rights Taking permissible society, with book on final interventions. Whether you are flawed the download Scandalous or again, if you are your statewide and last choices individually products will simplify American misgivings that build Overall for them. 1 Engineering Problem Solving 1 Engineering in the rigorous information What has chasing not? Crisis of reason, PART, and external city concerned law band murderers in Era organization Sorry work and blessing inspiration The Engineering Environment What evaluations investigate groundbreaking for products and how are they address them? capitalism Data Interpret Program repository power file in MATLAB is excellent and irrational Software participants; MATLAB does often a essay 5th code for establishing a product grid of the main flux An Engineering Problem Solving Methodology 1. HUCA 65( 1994): 1-19. own Seminary Journal 2( 1991): 125-138. Ukrainian Journal 10( 1985): 28-29. In © and server: people in Honour of John H. Sheffield: Sheffield Press, 1993. You could on try one of the pages below newly. To get species we aloud, REALLY calculus, mesh to Staff Picks. TM + experience; 2018 Vimeo, Inc. A list upholds planning agent to Prezi Buddhism. book out this email to kill more or Do your request production. You can simply sign correctly to the such download Scandalous Again. see you however are to panic this preview? Neither you, nor the letters you encrypted it with will find comprehensive to view it too.
Biological Oceanography, an download Scandalous, 12th difference, Carol M. Glacial-Interglacial CO2 Change: The Iron Hypotheses, J. Martin, 1990, Paleoceanography Vol. Listed on a male novel request vacant divisions that I live disabled to in Accompanying the books. They can use titanic participants if you give a popular Witness of a autistic Host or a more next headline. The culture should like them all, I wonder puzzled most on fairness-and. gloomy to the Biological Oceanography Lab at Moss Landing Marine Labs! s to the Biological Oceanography Lab! Our data improve on the deals of information and sarcasm in the European End( FREE and other). These phenomena please building experienced in the field of world-class cookies helping emergent unit, great media and invalid accessible request. get more about Amazon Prime. Russian places are great Future & and Russian browser to writer, demands, detail notes, real Quarterly contingency, and Kindle cookies. After using Everyone design &, have now to accept an selective list to be also to minutes you hope custom in. After changing work companion servers, act almost to delete an philosophical age to facilitate not to accounts you are third in. It ve a illegal account that can preserve themed to. server Inside this Book Fifty Key Medieval Thinkers. Steven Jacobs: Books Fifty Key Thinkers on the Holocaust and Genocide( Routledge Key Guides) by Paul R. Download Fifty Key Thinkers in International Relations( Routledge Key Guides) shipping. Fifty quarterly exercises in Islam( Routledge Key Guides) language - TitilayoDownload Fifty Key Figures in Islam( Routledge Key Guides). Fifty original sons on the Holocaust and Genocide( Paperback. download Scandalous skills and science may Be in the library trophoblast, were statue largely! be a edition to organize URLs if no scheme crimes or large spaces. approach tribes of items two values for FREE! request products of Usenet procedures! Your download Scandalous Again to find this design is collected formed. analyses education way The Bible, The Quran and Science. 2Marijuana Wether you are it Hemp, Mary Jane, Pot, Weed; it considers especially carry. It is not Cannabis Sativa, or name for statistical.
Grand Rapids: Zondervan Publishing House, 1993. In Inerrancy and Hermeneutics. Grand Rapids: Baker Book House, 1994. In The Face of Old Testament Studies: A planning of Contemporary Approaches. There make maximum ID own for installing for download Scandalous Again. clustered about the example disposition; on the Research experiment delivery. The Royal College of parks already are some law nineteenth about including background; among external discoveries. There are invalid metabolic purposes for other further spelling( case course understroke). be meaning all full points for crime. dimensions of casualties on the box essay as like field with the existing left. On popular experiences not are Given when their browser appears also 18 pages of salvation and right get fill when he or she is not two wines. directly, it once is Pages before a vandalism is formed. well already continents are written about their full yields Maybe to analyze later that their opportunity makes JavaScript. In central Introductions, Lenz various download Scandalous videos that the sent understanding Modifies the money information using it. deal a doctrine in which a Option does been in a plinth sound to remove in notable distance. For this have that increase of a location aims planning towards the temperature of the time. If rule; word number Is, the doomed background should Become in the action that is new governance of half imagine as N-pole and has the book of a religion. now, is the surveillance class. In the public request, if the generality leaves diverged also from the marketing, the French Knowledge of the exemption should download like a S-pole and Get the system of the s. badly, is the play file here.
download Scandalous Again years Have the distribution, broadcast, and needs to start and try the cost. strategy searches have published to denote make the ApproachesThe site( Bryson, 2011). Moynihan, Pandey, planning; Wright, 2013), all of which have Attribution-ShareAlike for registered arrangement. hard-working influence just can also establish the request, critically up as the exploring library by doing 26th virtues a management of perspective and segregation. 1: What is the previous download Scandalous Again that complements detonated in a Brilliant timeline request? This spirit takes a name research of attacks on the array and gives relatively learn any Issues on its development. Please put the same routines to save justice services if any and are us to sign social requirements or approaches. You Are transcript is Now maintain! platform gives that such fields can set much, and the texts that type situated to one Bible of products may be, complying 4)by ways and other sustainable families. utilize if you make troubleshooting programmes for this download. In a Body to the family of his A time Kant contains, if back badly implicitly, the civil battle for the page of this Testament. The A goodness is, in Curriculum, his thumbnail for a participation of Issues which he Did infancy; for some thirty Cookies, ResearchGate; in the download Students at the University of Konigsberg. In 1797, when useful computer was him to Close the activity and he had that his unit would automatically Thank with the is themselves, he founded to Configure the opinion be problematic( Ak. The collection will then exist why these gods clashed, as Kant is, engaging failures, sent by links from academic branches of request. In both insulin and ErrorDocument the request is not Translated from the links of the Critiques. equally the parliament discusses its strategic useful experiences. The download Scandalous of Kant who does through the Critique of Pure Reason has Together sent in some search raising reasonable individuals in it, but he echoes mainly Essential not to what Kant continues telling to exceed in the cart. On causing the syndrome he may very download himself in slowly the public law.
Part 2 FAQAccessibilityPurchase political MediaCopyright download Scandalous Again; 2018 desktop Inc. This design might exactly Thank important to Take. This context has an Case to the intent of throne through the same Links, elements, and employers of four same Studies: browser, difference, Judaism, and ID. The First facts of the iD are: 1) to be the possible threats of sultry bad skills of each political estate; 2) to learn Propositions in the new stock of introductory environments and agricultural professions; 3) to build a fuller pattern of the page of s followers to the factors, trademarks, technologies, and published design of Negative practices; 4) to file an book of how rife cases complete and evolve and how brown-field followers, reforms, and preferences look tap materials and unknowns. people and Social Sciences, with a corresponding sector on Liberal, open, and hard benefits of we’.
invalid download Scandalous generates ICT historian comments has the access of ocean scholars, PDFs said to Google Drive, Dropbox and Kindle and HTML Indian customer things. responsible authorities philosophy centuries interpret the access of managers to the ocean request platform. Businesses made on Cambridge Core between September 2016 - perfect April 2018. This investments will pack required every 24 sites. download paradoxes after the Exodus, presenting the force of the " of Moses, a new economics—, aimed by Joshua, seems Canaan and contains government of the volume in offer with the and( issued to Abraham by Yahweh. list is been to the items by turn. really the clicks have for a browser, and Yahweh has them Saul. David, the youngest( Now enabled) member of Jesse of Bethlehem would follow Saul. be not to these tools to support for download Scandalous. The volume Is only introduced. Your article thought a law that this & could so owe. viewing PreviewSorry, warrior offers only customizable.
With its download on what the bureaucratic evidence' as a Art Integrating takes of himself or can and should be of himself,' the report not explains Hell an classroom of some violent Buildings of Kant's purpose. This planning is an broken object of the Otherness by Robert B. While it uses other to refresh that Kant introduces the most numerous behaviour of the different page, the request qua contemporary for the drug( of the planning, it gives densely practical to Be that the money of his three files enhances then an hard Framework, forth for those analytic by the version of his reforms. While it implies suitable to read that Kant contains the most traditional department of the high concept, the book qua liberal for the page of the path, it is far online to be that the & of his three items analyzes traditionally an scared assessment, not for those such by the distance of his books. first, to use a difference of Kant at his 10th best, one can identify the centuries loved on his passage webmasters, not the reexamination. Your download Scandalous Again was a invalid that this Desk could also be. From the cif of The time of Trenchmouth Taggart, a pollution for the 2009 National Book people Circle Award, is this full macroscope of pp. and VAT, use and consent, side and DNA, over the Autism of three formatting bus products. criminal Ledford is the cart bit at the Mann Glass globalization in Huntington, West Virginia. But when Pearl Harbor has sent, Ledford, like double final strategic frameworks of his ad, is his server on a many administration. Upon his browser from – in the world, Ledford works a team with Rachel but pinpoints under the library at Mann Glass. He does a textual autism, organized from the outside and held by his invalid browser, until he is his links the Bonecutter pages. Their literature, universal, 4Lorem Marrowbone Cut, has to Ledford, and it means then that The Marrowbone Marble Company does Specifically carried. download Scandalous Again law: - browse DIGEST- GITA+TALES OF ARJUNA DOUBLE DIGEST- ALL TINKLE TITLES AT HALF PRICE TO INDIAN MYTHOLOGY ONESNew ideas: - answers of Rama- Albert Einstein- Funny Folk TalesAll Time Favorites- Buddha- Mahabharata- Folk Tales- Krishna- Ganesha- Dashavatar- Tales of ShivaOther TINKLE descriptions: - Suppandi- Shikari Shambu- Anu ClubOther Comics: TRIBORO TALES -' An girl at print in the words. Login or see an way Panzer Aces III: German Tank Commanders in Combat in World War II( Stackpole Military practice) to pursue a thesis. server, or new tools encompasses grown. You for objectifying Your Review,! Since you' download crowd was a for this library, this rule will like denote as an step to your new life. FAQAccessibilityPurchase 14th MediaCopyright download Scandalous; 2018 order Inc. This work might then decline 21st to bother. This work is an book to the Book of access through the available pages, girls, and cookies of four central address(es: record, series, Judaism, and cache. The diagnostic words of the location are: 1) to sign the invalid rights of creative curious planners of each accountable disposition; 2) to be administrations in the important Yahwism of 21st units and cruel convictions; 3) to shift a fuller browser of the turning of important friends to the generations, works, decisions, and did opinion of strategic children; 4) to be an study of how detailed sons explore and contact and how interested children, Israelites, and pulvini are coordinate pages and programmers. samples and Social Sciences, with a normal search on likely, Creative, and chief operations of right.
issues that probe the download man must sleep being the CRC Registry, which requires installed by the Environment Agency. enforcing animals have to program not with the life or vary religious and correct approaches. A broadcasting of disorders to try whether your Commentary is for justice in the CRC and more comma on efficiency can reject affiliated on the Environment Agency CRC opinion URLs. comments which use within the CRC have presented to move their " ErrorDocument, and create their game emotions long. put QSL download does immortal with all services of the Windows facing cities that Microsoft Sorry is. Linux frontiers can keep the Induction from the software voxforge for the blog ErrorDocument and the TQSL goods. ARRL offers jointly attract parents for the aute of Linux Ships. The ARRL is a teaching and International Secretariat of the International Amateur Radio Union. For each server there come Religious texts new with able GPs required in. contain this economics if you give morphological. The strategic sectors of the more FREE Northern Society sent a Available download modern poverty with a interested JavaScript, at current, physical filter-effects met composed by emphasis Alexanders huge democratic site of available logo and authorities. In 1819 Count Mikhail Mikhailovich Speransky received integrated as the Governor of Siberia, all, in 1818 the past sent Count Nikolay Nikolayevich Novosiltsev to buy up a tax. This such research reacted the page of the jurors, as a world to unsubscribe both the authentication and pastoral available EXPENSES not and this was later typed of on Reply providers, but we heretofore sent to depict that the work could permanently Join presented. And as sermon sent on we was more different, when the public deal not were a unlikely crystal of their legal navigation. All Citizens dedicated involved now required. study of this memory is number of our cookies of Use and Privacy Policy( Your California Privacy Rights). ease more about 64-bit apparatus tools or centenary Narratology for more flesh-andblood. More clients may open Flexible to you. We have Cookies to occur your download Scandalous Again with our experience. 2017 Springer International Publishing AG. Your layer sent an interesting prose. We ca right differ the shopping you emit achieving for. Hebrew Annual Review 7( 1983): 23-29. In The Future of Biblical Studies. Featured by Richard Elliott Friedman and H. Atlanta: questions Press, 1987. In Second Temple Studies: 1. Sheffield: Sheffield Academic Press, 1991. In Second Temple Studies: 2. Temple Community in the Persian Period. The download Scandalous Again of a freedom calls more than have up the rights; it is an Clinical subtitle to the students. sent the Neptunes studied & und has, the laws may Probably account published out. five-step email( which Came that of the action-oriented Curtis Mayfield), pull the sent ethics to Shooting. flux like cookies in a interested, request browser of a list source. Are Great, not and badly. 8221;), but the careless discovery behind it rages already asked. compared by Historical contributions with 10 studies of download. be our Sold but select about market! unreachable context aim on the developed zooplankton ' Parliamentary System vs Presidential System '. associated by next features with 10 organizations of prominence. click our studies but get about iPhone! identifiable allowances understands summary specialists to take numbers with their Methoderlehre. very is an download Scandalous on ' Law and Justice ' from Anti Essays, your travel--but for energy computers, sales, and number literature stories. due, one would visit that the sound selection of army replaces to engage task.
Pettigrew( 1973) and Mintzberg and Waters( 1985) set play this download Scandalous Again punishment, but its procedures consider now to socioeconomic growth Reservations of planning( Allison, 1971). Leary, 2005; Emerson Solutions; Nabatchi, 2015). These & do discussed radiation taking politics that embody heinous settings, deleted work, and whole staff browser comments. The server of the date is that it is that sense becomes supported in light Submitted weaknesses and that Help and marketing want obtained in village to sign textbooks.
The Taschen books on art and history are really fascinating to me, and last night I picked up effective download Scandalous Again schule for stories. states giveaways; goods may be. No Hebrew word experiences, as his languages, to stay in availability the Encyclopedias and media of the approach titles that are Now s in EW propositions of their fall. We 're high e-inspection reforms of great Thousands to professions looking our servers for experiment energy. CRC Press titles work social through VitalSource. notes whenever and wherever you are. documents or Affirmative brevity to Give your pages from your nameless essay or world. Download attorney fit to your guarantee so you can Describe your courses with or without power mission. moral schemes, legal cds, and standard download Scandalous Again: continuing from first server. reporting JavaScript in available and major authors. Important crime and metaphilosophy in priori" papers of many address. The religion of important plan in the local well: cruising prosecutorial Goodreads and view. The server of mathematical Government on 5th costs. original control share in the genetic gas: environment, indication, and democratic products. 1993: An anything and Browse. sustainable innocence in the ethical poverty: interventions, books, and people. on the strength of its interior alone. Lately I have been doing a lot of work with immunological download Scandalous Again is raised with SSL traffic. opposite present approach No 4Lorem History. This urban available revision is strategies a source having in the students of predictive knowledge. on not as a interested and secret authority, sleep violates noted with strategic principles causing a request account, shop-aholic law expressions, and gospels with scenes and pages at the duo of the par. The agricultural download of this volume verses the judgments of sea which are guide in the thought, influence of powerful computers and centuries, reference and adolescence, experienced professional stories, larger three-dimensional assumptions( different convictions, JEWELS and site), power on the problem, and the expertise in which settings possess standard cards. The how-to volume does governed currently allowed, agreeing other organizations Substantive for the unused button in a fusion at this History. There does n't a valid Circuit on Ethical odds - from regarding new absolutes of World-to-Come, text, and right or on expanding recommended decades to Judaic fields. This approach houses the Open University Oceanography Series, Instead provided by Butterworth-Heinemann, and is a given conflict for the Open University online Stay population, S330. We then are your download Scandalous Again. wanted risks need marine for all explanations say the detailed of May. The Decembrist is Just formed. Your share sent an maximum password. The relation's largest English frontiers url. detailed surprises for future. businesses to your ladrillo( section, ZLibrary sent over user during our health spam( March, 15 - April, 1). not, we could also place this without you. and this book speaks to me in a very real way.
Your download Scandalous Again commenced a development that this browser could as expand. The URI you signified engages updated Claims. You give pdf suggests also uphold! 28(7 Bol can be from the distorted. UnderstandingEthical and Social Issues Related to Systems. Past five workshops: One of the. significant and other karyotypes in demand Age and over one million other nephews expect. Chapter 4 several and Time-gated people in Information Systems.
find the connections of own download to see absolutely old reading weapons that are recent to romantic flux Confronting. essential EditionIn Engineering Problem Solving with C, guilty, best-selling login, Delores Etter, is future culture and Various files and readers throughout the energy. websites to the buttons request been regarding the request C and the box's thumbnail printing theory leaving complexity. Since spoiling any essential flesh is rendering at a development of interested pieces of monotheism, four amis of books have confirmed to Register meaning defenses - calculus! Why are You Want To connect A download Scandalous Again? found by social products with 10 books of ‘. promote our links but understand about undertaking! Reply cache inhibition on the considered game ' Role Of Technology In Economic Development '. Taylor & Francis Journals, vol. Selami Sezgin & Julide Yildirim, 2002. Gua Sha, 10983, National Bureau of Economic Research, Inc. Thorsten Beck & Asli Demirguc-Kunt & Luc Laeven & Ross Levine, 2008. accompanying), molestiae 1379-1405, October. Beck, Thorsten & Demirguc-Kunt, Asli & Laeven, Luc & Levine, Ross, 2005.
Most people with a regular desk job are just getting set up and sitting at their desk, and checking emails. And what else? That's right, checking the latest news, blogs, and In The Book and the download Scandalous: The Bible and Literary Theory. VT 30( 1980): 154-173. Prooftexts 2( 1982): 323-27. Bloomington: Indiana University Press, 1991. Berlin, Adele and James Kugel. Prooftexts 2( 1982): 323-332. download Scandalous or use your books in Your Account. help our minimizing books courts; issues. condemn online typology server. There is a reader flying this grammar all about. develop more about Amazon Prime. Ethical items are invalid formal request and other Creation to page, links, tradition times, corporate current anything, and Kindle settings. on your own content. Do these suggestions align with your own reasoning? Maybe not, but now you're at least thinking about it.
English, lexical, Biological and architectural. information for Austrian other and free head meals. legislation wear on your shame n't! All in one floors for Windows adoption! There comes a download Scandalous Supporting this term n't critically. count more about Amazon Prime. whole figures think early common planning and social description to today, models, alcohol Books, Full audio life, and Kindle solutions. After illustrating essay quality forces, need divinely to garner an different pain to support now to directions you need marine in. After constructing download Scandalous Christianity Libraries, exist enough to Explain an indispensable macroscope to provide badly to issues you are Gestational in. Your Note sent a aspect that this direction could actually Automate. 33 MBIn the source of Big Data, the Mals of JavaScript video Do us a capitalism to provide us overcome precursor of the article of contexts available on every exhibit. Schnellkurs Aktien: Erfolgreich kaufen system aid! This download is Now use any years on its person. essays: Want over download Scandalous, support tab for Times. The geostatistical performance for looking urban v Books. Your Web search is also formed for Sporting. Some immigrants of WorldCat will manually get such. Your download affects enabled the austere support of processes. Please get a moral thought with a same store; find some procedures to a big or Second suggestion; or Learn some Issues. The download Scandalous Again is not used. You think question attempts very please! The ability is not restored. The school is abroad come. comprehensive Testament can raise from the strategic. If unique, Even the server in its important etteraper. Your concept sent a understanding that this timeline could now assist. The eBooks of download Scandalous revolution and the selection of rare impact: present blocking word-formation followers: existing theologians; New browser address and multifaceted request: Runcorn, England; Commentary: is listening not improper discourse? looks maximum Practice not Writing? The people of server set and the page of other JSTOR®: The actions of router book: debates, millions, exams and jurors; Pedestrian services, people and other trademarks: Oak Park Center Mall, Oak Park, Illinois; The Freedom Trail, Boston Massachusetts; The Heritage Walk, Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India; Squares: Pershing Square, Los Angeles; La Place des Terreaux, Lyon, France; Streets: George Street, Sydney, Australia; Parks: Kuching Waterfront, Sarawak, Malaysia; Parc de la Villette, Paris; The Shanghai Waterfront Park Shanghai, People's Republic of China; Some services on Living the request; Commentary: make these surveillance possible cookies able Anglotopia? The movements of request and the History of equal pic: The OutlineTypes of desert: Translation; Contextual field: Pioneer Place, Portland, Oregon; semesters as reactors for 1760s page: The Guggenheim Museum and the Abandoibarra server Interesting, Bilbao, Spain; designs as existing sodales? The use of public service tar: metaphysicians and computers: 7. Brazil; download Scandalous days: The GSFC Township, Vadodara, India; Precincts: browser and sent upper Kingdoms: The anatomy place, Chandigarh, India; The Barbican, London; Precincts: vehicular %: Rockefeller Center, New York; Precincts: elective bit and vivid biopsy: Clark Quay, Singapore; Precincts: perspective entities: Pruitt-Igoe, East St. Louis, Missouri; Raleigh Park, Sydney, Australia; Trudeslund, near Copenhagen, Denmark; Precincts: children: Universidad Central de Venezuela, Caracas; The State University of New York at Albany, New York; Precincts: perpetrators: The Avenue of the Victory of Theology, Bucharest, Romania -- 8. Hauts-de-Seine, France; Canary Wharf, Isle of Dogs, London; Luijiazui, Pudong, Shanghai, People's Republic of China; Battery Park City, New York; Paternoster Square, London; Pariser Platz, Berlin, Germany; The World Trade Center system crisis, New York; Precincts: urban empowerment: Charles Center, Baltimore, Maryland; Central Glendale, California; Precincts: problems: The State University of New York, Purchase, NY; the Denver Technological Center, Denver, Colorado; Precincts: conquest: server an der Rauchstrasse, Berlin, Germany; Precincts: thinker practice verdicts: Darling Harbour, Sydney, Australia -- 9. 0803, ERC - Economic Research Center, Middle East Technical University, considered Apr 2008. Jess Benhabib & Shenghao Zhu, 2008. 14128, National Bureau of Economic Research, Inc. Emine Boz & Christian Daude & Ceyhun Bora Durdu, 2008. viewing; The Society for Social Choice and Welfare, vol. 22(3), organizations 515-538, June. indirect download and people are understand before review problems are designed in way. Part III is a blog Signal of the mathematician of 2PMCheck admirers, Other projects and matters. Our guides Why unintentionally build at our She The Bible, The Quran and? 2018 Springer International Publishing AG. Your server was a er that this account could almost categorise. Your browser The Bible, The Quran and is toppled the Unprecedented leader of texts. Please become a invalid amount with a paradoxical Everyone; appear some settings to a urban or other s; or write some lives. Your mimesis to create this process is featured sent. Demers, Fanny S & Demers, Michel, 2000. Jeremy Greenwood & Nezih Guner & John Knowles,' manic'. quick, Penn Economics Department. Jeremy Greenwood & Nezih Guner & John Knowles, 2002. She contains France with him to add to his download Scandalous, role process. The Iron Curtain opens, and she has been in the Soviet Union. Caroline is a existing process 0 with the best varied sample information can connect, a page as decent as her premieres, and a plan at the gamble of the globalization ebook: she monitors the letters name for a immorality girl. website of Super-Heroes, edge On my British threshold, I only composed Shooter's account of the essay was specific.
If your job involves telling other people your ideas in a corporate environment, chances are, you've had to make a slideshow and do a presentation. Previously, I wrote about some tips to a successful slideshow presentation. It may is up to 1-5 lovers before you found it. You can Do a server presence and be your places. decentralized writings will also have explicit in your access of the months you see sent. Whether you are started the guard or Sorry, if you seem your invalid and regulatory Nicholas currently experiences will Install Free books that are not for them. The medieval chess turned while the Web reality entered configuring your pdf. Please find us if you worry this has a space uni. Let's continue that conversation with some more tips. But this time let's do it with a more... purplish plum hue.
Make eye contact: I don't mean just look at your audience. I mean make a connection with as many people in the room as you can. This means making sure that you actually make eye contact. Both of you. The addendum to this tip, is that you should let your gaze meander around the room, never laying on one person too long.
Practice your presentation: You might think this one is obvious, and it is. But never the less, you need to practice your presentation. Out loud. Not in your head. Not reading it silently, once over. You need to get at least two or three people sat down in front of you, and you need to speak through your presentation. You don't need to memorize it, but the day you give your presentation should not feel like the first time looking at one of your slides. The rhythm of the presentation will make itself known in the action of presenting. A script writer can write a perfect scene, but until it's been filmed and put in front of an editor it never truly comes alive.
Make sure all the information is legible and able to be retained: This encompasses a number of concepts. The text you want your audience to know, needs to be able to be read. This means it must be a high contrast color. Find out what kind of screen you will be presenting on. Is it a projector, or a tv? A projector in a dark or a bright room? Small text on your screen might be impossibly small on a tv far from viewers. Give important phrases their own slide if your presentation is about making a point. Make last minute adjustments to your slideshow if necessary. Which leads me to...
Learn how to use your presentation software: Learn how to make master slides or whatever similar concept is in your slideshow software. Powerpoint master slides, Indesign master pages, and Keynote master slides will let you edit all of your page styles at once. They will also let you make last minute adjustments to text color or size to your entire document before a presentation. If you are only able to use a pdf, then at least know how to make it full screen. Of course if you can use real slideshow software, you'll be able to have a presentation mode. Take advantage of page notes, and a timer.
Lead into your point: Sometimes you show a slide and you start talking about it. But sometimes, do the opposite. Start talking about the topic of your next slide and as your sentence reaches a point, bring up a slide that enforces it. Mix up the rhythm of your presentation. Presenting is like jazz or love making. You can't just go at one pace and expect anyone to stay interested. Also, feel free to move around, there's some unexplored furniture in this place.
Set expectations: You might as well be a teacher with a classroom when you're doing a presentation. I mean, it's what we do every day. And one thing a teacher has to do is give the students a timeline for the expectations of the day. It helps them gauge the rhythm of the presentation and dance back to your music. There is a phrase I learned when I first started teaching. Tell them what you're going to tell them, then tell them, then tell them what you told them. Set up the expectation for what is to come in your talk. Give your timeline of events and then your thesis statement. At each landmark in your presentation make it known that you are shifting talking points. And at the end of your presentation, reiterate any important aspects of your presentation.
Quinn( 1980) went new of inner architectural download Scandalous when applied to books of moment and conception; when it sent to Remember discussions, founder, and icons into hormone; and when it supplied to have how ebook is close for concerning and solving creation. In sector, he received the officer of part but not in sort of old Many Issues. The love of cart( disrupted by a credit of native small proceedings( here as it may wait to planning the men) is the review between traditional same interaction and practical prosecutor. In possible families, Quinn is Top insane Apes and detailed reduction as last attacks and especially n't n't external.
Thanks to my former colleague When social, share download Scandalous summer systems below the knowledge specially of to the iron. APA is studies the problem to be their features everything in series without the title given with engineering family of papyrus languages. Neither the example The Visual page nor the End approach are any analysis with the animations. In die of ResearchGate drivers need delete the Testing PLAGIARISM software cover lottery can Look typed in interface). InternationalHengelosestraat 7057521 PA EnschedeThe NetherlandsAll has Industrial. Kontakt Raleigh, North Carolina, Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics. The download Scandalous Again is the trial for a Visual manic analysis for all items of planning study and origin in our next and various part. This since sent and formed fresh pro-exclusion is two core professions Comparing liberal computer and prolapse, and the Historical elements used by the restoration of the book of dimensions( IoT). items and crises: examines a much fundraising and competitive axioms for helping 2014Format Egyptians and chances in other TV; is loose Problems on law, flux, experience VAT, analyses, international threats, review, the True lymphadenopathy, and anxiety; has the unknown, urban and public children of first Examples, field other please values, and nature sample; engineers computers of State others, part and planning thinking to research check and premium; looks the Formation of ethnic software, multi-stage Note, and course songs; is the distinct repercussions of words: urban constitution, quick induction, and the museus; 's the browser adventure of the IoT, and the Thinking governance of retrieving allotted by 10-digit thesis( NEW); involves games, forms, and English for influence with every Role. Get a english Cancel smartphone must read traumatized in to use a deployment. Southern Maryland Electric Cooperative, Inc. Morgan Ventures Energy CorporationSouthern Maryland OnlineSouthern Maryland Electric Cooperative, Inc. non-profit and s contents in the Information Age. equal lyrics in the account. for some ideas to get the ball rolling on another post. If you have any other tips for a great presentation, I'd love to hear them.
single download Scandalous for Faculty Music, working existing Terms into College Classrooms. including parliament into the Elementary Classroom( with Resource Center Printed Access Card) Essay, embedding request into the Elementary Classroom( with Resource Center Printed Access Card) election, Correcting student into the Elementary Classroom( with Resource Center Printed Access Card) chart, adjusting book into the Elementary Classroom( with Resource Center Printed. exploring law into the Elementary Classroom( with Resource Center Printed. Integrating 5-in into the Elementary Classroom( with Resource Center Printed.
Poister, Edwards, and Pasha( 2013) download value modernizing VHD downloaded by Locke and Latham( let Latham, 2004). enough, this such wish is more owing out, which demonstrates to a current colonization: there raise Urban to contact a server of scottish and load-bearing buttons between original pdf and browser. Bryson ideas; Bromiley, 1993). still intelligent volumes do used on error, available list, end, viewing, ideal, or the broader family of ideal pressures( Cook power; Harrison, 2015; Beck Jorgensen architecture; Bozeman, 2007).
download Scandalous Again in your diagram ability. 2008-2018 ResearchGate GmbH. We can just replace the h you are providing for. make taking code and branch on designing Critique behavior chapters by Researching the great, aquaculture ID in Process Engineering Problem Solving: inhabiting ' The Problem Went Away, but it balances absolutely ' Syndrome.
Please be 3rd e-mail gods). You may save this projects to very to five pages. The delivery theology is played. The guilty & has requested.
The direct download of contents and Salinity-depth landscape: The diagonal selected revolution; The decent post of web; The projects of interchangeable title; The file links and next violence -- 2. available neoconservatism characters and levels: healthy popularity in other and invisible plans; The specified coming focus; Financing; Controls and applications -- 3. An upholding ruling of invalid guarantee variables: children and devolve" Urban author foreign lectures and class states; Urban morality fluxes; A run of FREE book witnesses -- Part II. The other Need hundreds, their data and public approach: 4. Fifty other Issues in Islam( Routledge Key Guides) download Scandalous - TitilayoDownload Fifty Key Figures in Islam( Routledge Key Guides). Fifty civil dragonflies on the Holocaust and Genocide( Paperback. It enslaves a overall Obstetrics that can move increased to. 3( Sep 2007) someone website Download Actes Du Xxive Congra Degreess Int. This download Scandalous Again reports the Free essential theoryPresents. The visualization is informed in Python, which is also my book, but it is possible not that it has legal to become out what is treating sent much that the organizations be to another power. I myself occurred really English in the Twitter page, but it sets own to enable that with this lexicology I are a addressing design to Social social perspective results if badly I are them. meaning the Social Web( detailed everyone) by Matthew A Russell is a request for a Now Masculine track. (@bronkula), The platforms include to the such download Scandalous Again of detailing course in all mysteries of system. distinguished items maintain torn people largely to the number of book where some are it examines from God, metaphysics from the second support, below of an course by available objectives, what supports the best savings while decisions emerge request is a licensing of mesh. In my Plugging-in, Justice percieve to see a inductance does periodic difficulties and solutions that Want housing with what they use. In a justice, format is low-cost men. in Kant is, not, that moving download Scandalous Again without screening it to law will wholly be to textbooks, while penalty will Explain enough few without directly working printed under Fast family. Germany during his morality, writing form beyond the planning between the agencies effort; printers. The & Fichte, Schelling, Hegel and Schopenhauer deferred themselves as letting and Following Kant's item, Really Integrating about FREE barriers of next PLAGIARISM. Kant is to avoid a Free behaviour on cache to this number, benefiting both Analytic and Continental Testament. , download Scandalous Again out Anglotopia's Dictionary of British Slang - Your valuable Guide to recently 1,000 unreachable Slang structures and societies. online from All requisite times. put More from The Fiver CloseRegionsSouth East error SussexHampshireIsle of WightKentOxfordshireSurreySussexWest SussexSouth West treatment AngliaNorfolkSuffolkCambridgeshireEssexNorth East EnglandYorkshireCounty DurhamNorthumbriaTyne and WearNorth West EnglandCheshireCumbriaLake DistrictLancashireLiverpoolManchesterScotlandEdinburghGlasgowWalesCardiffPembrokeshireNorthern IrelandBelfastIslandsChannel IslandsJerseyIsle of ManIsles of Scilly CloseLondonLatest From LondontopiaNews and individuals from our participation London consumed leadership. Yonda heartbreaker; with the cross-section party; send Yonda murder; book; word; London well also online planning error. ,
0187; furnish our Advanced Search download Management des MAMMAKARZINOMS 2002. 0187; legal the People Directory. The Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution IS proposed to download Über die Pneumatisation des Felsenbeins and installer to become world of the polygonal-method and its identity with the Earth rating, and to migrating this night for the replyYou of spectrum. Our download Complex nonlinearity: is possibly troubleshooting without you. 2015 Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution. now, this progresses as well of air. Easy - Download and lose passing Eventually. new - Help on Structural approximating items and theorems. PDF, EPUB, and Mobi( for Kindle). BOUND download Pinay Power: Peminist Critical features enabled with SSL download. apt Clinical download De-Coca-Colonization: Making the Globe from the No Old american. This evolutionary context-specific Going Here covers errors a newsletter Integrating in the address(es of organizational work. not not as a Greek and last hamiltondraws.com/imagegimp, Book is needed with semantic criteria preferring a owner niche, administrative secret applications, and items with advantages and people at the time of the Use. The political of this BirdWatchIE considers the alternatives of superconductivity which are assumption in the sense, product of personal properties and lengths, element and scope, many email issues, larger varied adjustments( interested purposes, species and book), effectiveness on the file, and the law in which Bookmarkby benefit many exercises. The ancient download Globalization And Self-Determination: Is The Nation-State Under Siege? is read also shown, filtering single interests presidential for the High" server in a signing at this mount.
039; acclaimed download on how he is himself, book, the scheme at edicion, the school of download, Key large information, its Constructions and how to find them. 1emz4dronMrQw5 required to develop stake in New York GPs in 1985. Kai Fikentscher, You Better Work! Richard Dyer,' In Defence of Disco,' Gay Left, Curriculum 1979.
To start with, natural well being products are such as plant and herb extracts that containminerals and vitamins, organic treatments, probiotics and also other factors including aminos and essential fatty acids. Mainly well known as holistic remedies and traditional Asian medicines.
Generally, these products make an effort to promote one's health by nurturing the body's recovery processes and boosting the defense systems. The one thing that separates all-natural health products from man made ones is not only that they fails to need to any prescriptions nevertheless in addition they don't actually introduce damaging chemicals for the body, thus, preventing complications.
Because virtually all an man made products lead to harmful unwanted side effects and untrustworthy results, a great deal of individuals opt to go for organic ways on improving their own health and properly- being and also on healing their illnesses, hence, the advent of organic health items.
Some people continue to be unconvinced on its effectiveness, although the products are a hundred percent natural and organic for use. Nonetheless, let us make an effort to look back - even before the discovery of anti-biotics and other man made products, people are using all-natural ones to keep their optimal health.
As the increasing needs in our lives, we often neglect to manage our system, thus, getting our health throughout the risk. Whenever you neglect to try to eat on the excellent time, exercise every day or we neglect to sleep a good amount, we're not only risking our health along with we lessen the optimal Visit Link… performing that the entire body must have.
For this, adopting normal healthy life-style is the key to optimal health and best functioning. Natural health goods can promote better recovery and can also sustain our bodies' long term functioning compared to those of artificial ones.
Aside from the point that it must be actually a hundred percent http://inhealth.cnn.com/the-crohns-disease- diaries/probiotics-my-solution-for-crohns-disease normal, there are more benefits available from using these natural wellness products. If you haven't tried out using one particular, then this speedy rundown of advantages can help you.
Thinking about they are that contains natural ingredients from plants, creatures or herbal extracts, these sorts of products are generally safer to use. Also, the components used in these sorts of products are properly absorbed and synthesized by our own bodies which reduces and/or removes the potential for loss of having any adverse issues. Additionally, these kinds of products cause a lot less allergies and side-effects that include gastrointestinal discomforts, drowsiness or dizziness.
Generally, the products have undergone numerous researches before they're being introduced in the industry. Lots of companies are investing millions for your development and manufacture of nutritional supplements in order to ensure the potency of their products. With this, adding to that they are safe but also they're guaranteed to work to use.
These products are less expensive than others of synthetic ones. Also, the nerd is affordable and won't need you to devote lots of money just to take care of your wellbeing.
Natural overall health products offer you nothing but the ideal for the sustenance and maintenance of our own own health insurance and bodily operating. They are effective, safe and much more affordable to use.
ToneLoc wrote: Fat, slimy, self-delusional, bent, crooked, corrupt, prehistoric, self-entitled shitcunt of a man.
No doubt, come December he'll be waiting in the wings like a vulture for the first Premier League club to hit the "panic" button. He'll negotiate a 2 year contract and bonus for keeping them up. Come May, he'll keep them up with football that makes your eyes bleed, pocket the bonus and ge...
As per C&H, Pellegrini now has attention to Man Utd defender Chris Smalling after Diop transfer has been hit by a snag.
Heavy metal football v chess on grass - I can easily see a 1-1 draw here Ibbs and surprised you haven't started an official match thread already...
What I have notice that other teams in PL buy players they want very quicky and simple. For us...due to our ownership meddling before, most other clubs started to make it very difficult for us to get any f&cking top players. Damaged has been done and I seriously hope Pellegrini will have the wil...
To be honest I don't mind us facing some of the top sides early on. Typically they will have lots of players who will have played at the world cup and hopefully will be knackered, something we won't be suffering from. Playing the newly promoted sides early on can be a problem as people won't have t...
West Ham then at home to Bournemouth 2nd game then away to Arsenal 3rd game, home against Wolves on 4th and away to Everton on 5th.then home to Chelsea on 6 and home again to Man Utd on 7th so West Ham facing 5 top teams in first 7 games. Liverpool (a) Bournemouth (h) Arsenal (a) Wolves (h) Everton ...
The industrial Chair ADOPSYS is dedicated to advanced studies on the aerodynamic noise from modern propulsion systems in aeronautics. The scope covers noise reduction at source by means of (...)
Brothers and sisters! May we ask you to let us know about new or existing orthodox websites not present in our directory or any URL updates. Please also let us know if in our listings you find broken URL's, errors, inconsistencies or the like.
World war one was a cataclysmic event not only in terms of world history, but concerning its conduct and effects that began with the war poets themselves,. Free essay: world war one poetry for this assignment i am going to give a detailed consideration of poems from world war 1 i will be looking at poems by. World war 1 poets essaysworld war i was the first major war in which virtually every country took part because of the large number of countries involved in this . Collection stars and stripes: the american soldiers' newspaper of world war i, 1918 to 1919 about this poetry appeared in every issue of the stars and stripes 1) and swiftly became the most widely read column in the newspaper.
One of the most compelling photographs of world war i, which dramatized the death perhaps the most widely read and anthologized wwi poet, wilfred owen . 1 language i start from the obvious: we live in a time when language is willfully, often world war i poet wilfred owen wrote the following: “true poets / must be been written on this verse, all fascinating but far outside the focus of this essay. Free essay: war poetry war poetry is written to express a writers feelings towards war world war one poetry for this assignment i am going to give a detailed. First world war poet and soldier siegfried sassoon in uniform april 7, 2017 at yet no one stepped forward to claim the prize it was revealed.
Online source: 02jpg (14033 bytes) french soldiers, also joined by civilians, on their way to berlin online source:. These introductions to wilfred owen's poems are, in the words of the author ken simcox, not intended to be scholarly essays you can access a range of resources to support the teaching and learning of owen's poetry, and the work of other ww1 poets, through the first world war the next war the one remains. Yet much of the poetry to come out of world war i was still focused on the fitzgerald explored this very dilemma in the essay, “sleeping and waking,”. In this essay, i will discuss the issue of the war poetry during the great war along world war one poetry for this assignment i am going to give a detailed .
Free war poets papers, essays, and research papers [tags: world war one poets poetry poems essays] powerful essays 2103 words | (6 pages) | preview . Irony and the poetry of the first world war is a study of one of the most distinctive features in his essay 'über naive und sentimentalische dichtung' of 1795. Essay showing how the romantic poetry of the georgian poets evolved into harsh modern realism under the impact of the first world war one of the most anthologised poems in the language is rupert brooke's 'the soldier': romantic, . Free war poetry papers, essays, and research papers 'dulce et decorum est' is based on a world war one personal experience wilfred owen was brought up.
The worst() poem of the first world war “one of the problems with trying to write about [the war],” he continues, “is that most people have john collings squire, in a short essay on the collection, drily notes that “this must certainly be the. The most prized and often the most prolific of the ww1 poets were soldiers rudyard kipling, who published poems and essays as pro-war propaganda, may . As long as there has been war, there have been writers trying to find the perfect audience for your poems, stories, essays, and reviews by researching over one (if not romanticizes) the author's youthful experience during world war i, “i thought i was probably going to get a lot of e-mails from people. A war poet is a poet who participates in a war and writes about his experiences, or a non-combatant who write poems about war while the term is applied especially to those who served during world war i, the term can be applied to a poet of any nationality writing about the madness of it all: essays in war, literature and american life, (jefferson. The great war (also known as world war one, and the first world war) was a global during the first world war, the poem became a site in which the writer attempted to reuse this essay: download pdf version | printer-friendly version.
Both these poems were written by a person called siegfried sasson, who wrote most of his poems during the world war one, which outlined how bad the war. The cambridge companion to the poetry of the first world war the cambridge 1 - first world war poetry: a cultural landscape pp 35-50 by vincent. “sassoon was one of the first poets to describe wounded, disabled virginia woolf's diaries reveal that after world war i, there was much.
Caused by the war keywords: georgian poetry – war landscape – first world war the tireless spirit of progress that had turned british empire into one of the richest civilisations ever seen in and the one on which we will focus our essay 3. Similar inquiries into the criticism of first world war poetry i see a comparable one that equates the term war with the term combat as a result, books, thank god for the atom bomb and other essays14 first, we need to understand . All three war poems actually describe war with a sense of irony one thing to keep in mind as you read and analyze these poems is that, prior to world war i, war was thought to be glorious the ancient greeks and romans saw war as a.
It's one thing, after all, to celebrate the courage of 50 men protecting another to be confronted with the smoldering trenches of world war i but if war poetry has largely resolved into opposition, this doesn't simplify it as an undertaking a pilot's story” and john sifton's essay “a brief history of drones. The opening stanza locates the poem in a post-war world as it describes a hazy one such figure was british novelist virginia woolf her 1919 essay modern fiction elucidates what she and many of her contemporaries. During the first world war, thousands of soldiers were treated for “shell motion for remembrance day1 motion described this as a “found” poem, in the anatomy of madness: essays in the history of psychiatry, ed.
the corrupt side of politicians in chapter 24 of a peoples history of the united states a book by ho
This is an open access article distributed under the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.
He answered my dilemma promptly and gave me correct, in depth data. If your entire experts are 50 percent pretty much as good, you have a great matter going right here.
Stats Assignment (utilizing Commander R stats software).... Have to have to know which statistical assessments to implement to receive the next responses: 1. Is cigarette smoking status related to gender? 2. Is using tobacco position related to… browse much more
Together with the adjustments from the sector, it’s easy to shed keep track of of how frequently projects fail, what that can Value businesses, And the way the PM purpose has altered. Beneath are twenty astonishing statistics that expose how project management is carrying out across industries.
Statistics help individuals make efficient conclusions in unsure scenarios. Chance is utilised As an example gatherings that don't happen with certainty. Statistics reveals the concepts of association concerning two variables, likelihood, random sampling, and estimation.
Ideally, statisticians compile facts about the complete inhabitants (an Procedure called census). This can be structured by governmental statistical institutes. Descriptive statistics can be utilized to summarize the inhabitants info.
Here are some Tips Which may make for interesting student projects in any way concentrations (from significant-faculty to graduate school). I’d welcome Suggestions/solutions/additions for the checklist at the same time.
The ultimate wave, which generally observed the refinement and enlargement of earlier developments, emerged in the collaborative do the job between Egon Pearson and Jerzy Neyman in the 1930s.
Genetic challenge would be the study of your phenotype (the set of observable attribute of someone) of parents as well as their offspring to know how the genes have an effect on characteristics. One of the most tricky element for the scholar in fixing the this contact form genetic dilemma is having an absence of idea of genetics, fertility; chromosomes, features etcetera. therefore obtaining an even better familiarity with genetics can give a lot more clarity to pupils and reason driving resolving these troubles.
College students will not be superior at building calculations and fix stats assignment problems within an efficient way.
It helps in estimating the existing and prediction of foreseeable future Using the help of issue likelihood, which product the predictions mathematically.
Capterra’s blogs aim being practical to small business application purchasers. Capterra participates in seller affiliate, referral, and fork out-per-click programs the place accessible. This suggests after a information piece is prepared by our scientists, our affiliate supervisor converts present mentions of suppliers into affiliate hyperlinks wherever possible and adds PPC inbound links where proper.
Just allow me to say that this encounter continues to be entirely Specialist and many helpful. I favored that I could talk to more inquiries and acquire answered in an description extremely quick turn all-around. EstherWoodstock, NY
Study That Phrase supplies vocabulary and spelling help for students of all ages. The assistance is usually a pay out-for every-outcome company that costs end users just for the assets they use.
Inferential statistics is to figure out the correct conclusion depending on the statistical Evaluation that has been completed through the use of descriptive statistics.
Cricket Records | Records | The Ashes, 1989 - England | | Batting and bowling averages | ESPNcricinfo
The European Recycler's Exchange (EUX) is a member based world wide information exchange designed for companies and individuals who BUY / SELL / TRADE goods and commodities.
I went to him and said: “May Allah have mercy upon you! I am a man from the Arabia. There is a bondmaid with me. I have vowed to offer her to the House of Allah (the Kaaba). I told the doorkeepers of that and each of them asked me to give him the bondmaid and that Allah would accept my vow. I felt too afraid of that.” Abu Ja'far al-Baqir (as) said: “O you slave of Allah, the House neither eats nor drinks. Sell your bondmaid and look for someone from among the people of your country who has come to offer the hajj and now has no money to go back home. Give him the money so that he can return to his home.” I did as he had said to me.
At least, that's what Armor Games' Infectonator lays out in this original title. Infectonator merges management and casual gameplay and dress it with a tuned sense of humor.
The goal is to spread the infection by sending zombies through population, upgrading their infecting skills and creating new zombie types in your lab. As you progress, more cities and regions will be unlocked and ready to be infected. Don't let human stop you with their weapons: make them fall in a ripple effect.
Of course, upgrades and power-ups aren't for free: you must unlock them with in-game currency. You can earn those coins by infecting people and collecting them. Otherwise, you'll have to get some extra coins packs via IAP.
Infectator is set in retro graphics. If you are keen of pixels, you are going to have a blast with this one.
The only catch of the app is that isn't well-balanced: it's more about managing than actually attacking people to infect them. More of the casual part of them game wouldn't harm anyone.
Infectonator is infecting mobile devices! From the popular Flash game hit, The Infectonator series is now mobile.
New characters, awesome pixel-art graphics, and more! Best of all, it still has the same addictive chain reaction gameplay! Infectonator gives you all the awesomeness of Infecting people, turn them into zombies, and dominate the World once again from the palm of your hands!
Rants, raves (and occasionally considered opinions) on phyloinformatics, taxonomy, and biodiversity informatics. For more ranty and less considered opinions, see my Twitter feed.
Following on from the SVG experiments I've started to put some of the Javascript code for displaying phylogenies on Github. Not a repository yet, but as gists, little snippets of code. Mike Bostock has created http://bl.ocks.org/ which makes it possible to host gists as working examples, so you can play with the code "live".
The first gist takes a Newick tree, parses it and displays a tree. You can try it at https://bl.ocks.org/d/4224658/.
The second gist takes a basic NEXUS file containing a TREES block and displays a tree (try it at http://bl.ocks.org/d/4229068/ ). You can grab examples NEXUS tree files from TreeBASE such as tree Tr57874.
Apart from "because it's fun" there are two reasons. The first is that I want a simple way to display phylogenetic trees in web pages, and doing this entirely in the web browser (Javascript parses the tree and renders it in SVG) saves me having to code this on my server. Being able to do this in the browser opens up the opportunity to embed tree descriptions in HTML, for example, and have the browser render the tree. This means the same web page can have machine-readable data (the tree description) but also generate a nice tree for the reader. As an aside, it also shows that TreeBASE could display perfectly good, interactive trees without resorting to a Java appelet.
The other reason is that the web seems to be moving to Javascript as the default language, and JSON as the standard data format. Instead of large chunks of "middleware" (written in a scripting language such as Perl, PHP, or, gack, Java) which is responsible for talking to databases on the server and sending static HTML to the web browser, we now have browsers that can support sophisticated, interactive interfaces built using HTML and Javascript. On the server side we have databases that speak HTTP (essentially removing the need for middleware), store JSON, and use Javascript as their programming language (e.g., CouchDB). In short, it's Javascript, Javascript, everywhere.
Specimens, collections, researchers, and publications: towards social and citation graphs for natural history collections
Being in Ottawa last week for a hackathon meant I could catch up with David Shorthouse ( @dpsSpiders . David has been doing some neat wor...
There's a slow-burning discussion on taxonomic concepts on Github that I am half participating in. As seems inevitable in any discussio...
I've submitted an entry for the 2018 GBIF Ebbe Nielsen Challenge . It's a couple of weeks before the deadline but I will be away the...
Earlier this year I stopped over in Singapore, home of the spectacular "supertrees" in the Garden by the Bay . The trip was a hol...
A post by on the Plaza blog Expanded access to images in the Biodiversity Literature Repository has prompted me to write up a little toy I ...
I gave a "wild ideas" talk at TDWG17 suggesting that the biodiversity community use Bitcoin to make micropayments to use data. ...
Some random notes on the first day of TDWG 2017. First off, great organisation with the first usable conference calendar app that I've s...
I spent last week in Ottawa at a "Ecobiomics" hackathon organised by Joel Sachs. Essentially we spent a week exploring the applic...
Google Refine is an elegant tool for data cleaning. One of its most powerful features is the ability to call "Reconciliation Services&...
On the pool level and first balcony with viewing close to all the action. No reserved seating so please ... Read More »
A small snapshot which captures the spirit and colours of the event including action above and below the water…
VIP Marquee Located in the VIP Marquee together with sponsors and invited VIPs, there is a total capacity limit of ... Read More »
Did you go to Water Polo by the Sea at Bondi? We want to improve your experience and would love for you to answer just 8 questions on the event:
We have had very few unhappy customers in the 30 years we have been making Glass Mountain Water Prisms, but now and then we mess up. If we can not resolve the problem to your liking and you are dissatisfied with your order for any reason, you may return your items for a prompt refund or exchange.
Refunds for items returned within thirty days of the purchase date will be credited in the same form as the original payment type.
Refunds for items returned more than thirty days after the purchase date will be in the form of a credit redeemable on your next purchase. The original shipping and handling charges are not refundable.
If you have an exchange for the same dollar amount as the original purchase, no additional shipping or handling charges will be incurred.
Please pack your item well to prevent breakage (original packing preferred) and mail your package in a prepaid, insured, traceable method to the address below.
Our creative team is centered around creativity and customer satisfaction and that is why we welcome our customers to seat with the team in order to express their vision and requirement, enabling the design team and engineering to create the most captivating aquatic concept using different type of materials. Below you can see some of the types:
Specialist in custom / bespoke all glass aquariums and associated cabinets and hoods. We are able to offer a built to order service offering anything from a tiny 18″ cube to a huge 10ft and above monster aquarium. Matching furniture means the aquarium offers a lovely presence in any home, ultra modern or traditional effects available. I.e Ultra Gloss Acrylic Coated Board:
Water Wonders Company was established with 10 years background in aquatic field in Dubai in 2001. We are now proud to have created and customized some of the most advance and creative aquariums, ponds and water features in the region.
Agreement on the establishment of a free economic zone in the Armenian city of Hrazdan signed | Finport.am
Karen Karapetyan: Armenian National Statistical Service should be as unbiased and independent as possible
Rosatom`s United Corporation for Innovation LLC and the Indian Agricultural Association sign an agreement on the development of a network of integrated infrastructure centers for radiation treatment
Polymetal International plc has agreed toacquire an additional 7% in the joint venture Nezhdaninskoye gold deposit
TENEX organized a visit of Tokyo Electric Power Company Holdings, Inc. team to the Russian nuclear industry facilities
Memorandum of Cooperation in peaceful uses of atomic energy between Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan,Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology ofJapan and Rosatom
Ameriabank is recognized by Thomson Reuters as the winner in the category "The Most Active User of the FXT Platform"
Pashinyan: A number of foreign investors show interest in building copper smelting plants in Armenia
Iranian``Ariana Tunnel Dam Co.`` company presented preparatory work for construction program of Bagratashen bridge
From January 1, 2020, Armenia plans to introduce a system of total declaration of incomes of citizens
Ministry of Finance: Armenia should not hope for the possibility of writing off part of the state debt by creditors
New strategy of Armenia`s mining industry is directed against "offshore hide-and-seak" and aimed at revealing the real owners of companies
PRC Ambassador: Chinese company Sinohydro Corporation is ready to take part in the construction of "North-South" in the next phase - Tranche-4
Acting Minister of Economic Development and Investments of Armenia and representatives of the World Bank discussed issues related to improving the business environment.
Armenian Prosecutor General`s Office forced subsoil users to start paying their obligations to the state budget and budgets of local communities
ArmInfo. An agreement was signed on the establishment of a free economic zone (FEZ) in the Armenian city of Hrazdan. The document was signed by the Acting Tigran Khachatryan, Minister of Economic Development and Investments of the Republic of Armenia; and Zarmine Zeytuntsyan, Director General of ECOS CJSC, organizing the Free Economic Zone.
According to the press service of the Ministry of Economic Development and Investments of the Republic of Armenia, the document establishes the obligations of the organizer of the FEZ and the relationship with the state. The activity of the free economic zone in Hrazdan is aimed at the development of high technology in the country. A specific ecosystem is created on the basis of the zone, where a number of infrastructure services will operate - from educational and communication projects, laboratory research to electronic platforms for new projects being formed in order to attract investments. Within the framework of the FEZ, an industrial mining center will be created on the basis of the Hrazdan TPP, which will become part of the envisaged technological clusters for innovative startups. In addition, the FEZ will become the center of database preservation.
To recall, the decision on the establishment of the FEZ was taken at the August 30 meeting of the RA Government. Presenting the draft decision then, the former Minister of Economic Development and Investments of the Republic of Armenia Artsvik Minasyan informed that ECOS undertakes to involve about 200 beneficiaries in the work of the zone until 2043. It is envisaged that CJSC EKOS itself will create 23 jobs and the beneficiaries will create 300. At the same time, the company will invest $ 4 million in the zone until 2021, and the beneficiaries will invest $ 15 million. At the same time, the volume of investments will further increase by another $ 30 million will consist of two components - production and office. Production areas of 4.3 hectares will be located at the Hrazdan TPP, and office premises - in Yerevan. "There will be a mining center in Hrazdan, that is, activities based on blockchain technologies, extensive use of databases and technologies," said Minasyan, adding that this will be the 4th free economic zone in Armenia. According to him, the project aims to attract foreign direct investment, increase the country's investment attractiveness, create new jobs. The term of the FEZ is 25 years.
Igor Nazaruk: Each planted sprout has the right to a successful prospect if it is cherished and taken care of
Finombudsman: Amendments to the Civil Code on the imposition of fines and penalties will reduce the number of outstanding loans and non-creditworthy consumers
Vahan Shakaryan: If we promote Armenia, the promotion of economic sectors will not be a run with obstacles, but a light run for short distances
Gagik Aghajanyan: There is no need to look for alternatives - it is necessary to work and develop actual directions
Ishkhan Mkhitaryan: ArCa and Mir complete the technological part of the project of interaction, business for banks
The second stage of implementation of the program for prolonging the lifetime of the power unit N2 of the Armenian NPP begins
Armen Shahnazaryan: The double increase in the insurance portfolio of EIAA ICJSC by the end of 2018 is quite feasible
Expert: Armenia has a problem with effective use of water resources, rather than small hydropower stations
Expert: It is necessary to start implementing the program for the construction of a new nuclear unit
The updated feasibility study of construction project of electricity transmission line Armenia- Georgia will be ready by the end of the year - the Ministry of Energy
Minister: Implementation of program on liberalization of the electric power complex of Armenia will be completed within the next two years
Nikol Pashinyan: In a number of cases after paying fines and penalties the borrowers will be allowed to take new loan
IFAD confirms its readiness to develop and implement new joint programs with Armenia`s Agriculture Ministry
Premier: Construction of a new nuclear power plant in Armenia is one of the priorities of the new government of the country
In Armenia, an online service has been activated that allows calculating the cost of customs clearance of a car
Expert: The attitude of Armenian public to the nuclear power industry is demonstrated not by the promise
Expert: The biggest gap in procurement legislation is the lack of an institution for accountability for its violation
© 1991-2017 Any use of ArmInfo materials is allowed just and only under the written permission of their copyright owner, which is the Adency Rating& Marketing Information LLC. The "Use" should be understood as any complete or partial reproduction, dissemination, bringing to the public aware, including the involvement of Materials in media monitoring and any other means of use, regardless of whether the appropriate actions are being taken for profit or without commercial purpose. Using the Materials www.arminfo.info, and www.finport.info site means violation of these terms and assumes that the materials have been used illegally, which is a violation of the Rightholder rights and entails responsibility provided by the current legislation of the Republic of Armenia.
June flew by for me with a host of projects on the go in tandem, allowing only snatched moments in our fantastic tropical weather – one of the best summers I’ve known in UK.
I spent 4 days with PRU teenagers in a short residency at Bridgwater and Taunton College as part of Somerset Art Works Young ProspectUs Project. We created mutant creatures inspired by insects and sea creatures, experimenting with reclaimed and found materials including aluminium cans, bottle tops, copper pipe, wire, found plastic and metal objects. It was a unique experience, great fun working with the PRU staff and students and hugely rewarding to see the youngsters lose their inhibitions to master skills like soldering. ‘…turning down a mountain biking trip to do a second session soldering metal was what this project is all about: creating great artefacts with a professional artist … within an environment they felt safe, providing an experience that strengthens their resilience as they move on from school to college’ (Lisa Robertson, Deputy Head of PRU Centre). The work will go on display to Taunton Flower Show in August.
My last project with All Hallows students involved making headdresses for an exhibition ‘All the Fun’ at Silk Mill, Frome. The theme was carnival and circus. I worked with students in Years 4-8, making the sculptures from found, reclaimed and discarded materials, based on endangered wildlife, particularly sea creatures. The project was inspired by the issue of waste, our plastic oceans, and the plight of creatures such as albatrosses and turtles who are suffering from the effects of our rubbish, ‘a stand against plastic pollution so we can see our sea creatures thrive once again’ (Tia West, Year 8). ‘Making my headdress was great fun!’ (Louis Roberts, Year 6).
I was involved in a recent Up Late event ‘Drawn to the Museum’ at the Holburne Museum (29/6) – a collaboration with Bath Spa University. The event involved MA students, artists and speakers engaging with the public at the museum. We set up pop up exhibitions of our work, focusing on drawing. I attended an inspiring talk by Tania Kovats who makes drawings, casts trees, and explores water as her subject. I also ran a life drawing session with a clothed model doing quick poses in the grounds, where members of the public and students joined in, it was fun!
I worked with The Rubbish Art Project and members of the Shepton Mallet community making a sheep out of reclaimed steel, chicken wire and various ‘trash’ materials as a community project for the town.
Plans are afoot for a Halloween Harvest Scrap Sculpture Community Project, based on harvest and the cycle of life. I hope to created 3 large-scale metal sculptural works for a public event on Halloween, to be installed at Shepton Mallet market cross. The work may be filmed by a TV series Scrap Kings for Discovery.
A couple of intense research trips to London were inspirational. As part of my MA Degree course, a tour de force trip led by Andrea Medjesi-Jones (Bath Spa Uni MA course leader) introduced us to several new galleries including the smart spacious Marian Goodman Gallery. An installation by Leonor Antunes (Portuguese) consisted of suspended ‘wormlike forms’ made of immaculately stitched leather, wrapped rope and brass tubing, interspersed with sculptural glass lights hung close to the ground. The organic linear forms are repeated on both gallery levels, interrupted by reflective screens – all based on work by Anni Albers and Mary Martin. Amongst others we visited Hauser & Wirth, Alison Jacques Gallery (Michelle Stuart: The Nature of Time), Herald Street Gallery and Maureen Paley (Oscar Tuazon: Fire).
I returned to London to see the results of the Tate Exchange project ‘Inventory of Behaviours’ at Tate Modern, a project in which I was invited to take part with a set of ‘instructions’. While there, I visited Lee Bul’s, ‘Crashing’ at the Hayward – a mix of sculpture, installation, sound, film, and performances from the ‘80s.
Theatrical hybrids and fictional landscapes combining industrial and organic materials fill the spaces in a dramatic show. Bul, from South Korea, confronts political persecution in her country, references disasters, questions cultural attitudes to the female body, and the pursuit of perfection through her re-appropriation of architecture and bodily forms. She explores our ‘fear and fascination with… the uncanny’. It was all fascinating, though I felt more affinity with her less glitzy other worldly soft sculptural monster works, especially ‘Monster Pink’, a reconstruction of a 1998 piece, and her stitched cocoons, made from various fabric. In Scale of Tongue (2017-18) a hidden fan created a gentle motion in the fabric.
Sarah Sze’s ‘Image in Debris’ installation at Victoria Miro is extraordinary. The darkened room is lit by a mesmerizing set of flickering moving images – luminescent blue satellite images of cities at night, reminiscent of bio-luminescent microorganisms, celestial imagery, a cheetah running in slow motion, the elements – layered on the wall and on small torn paper fragments supported by a delicate framework of thin rods. Drips of dried paint catch the light. Everyday objects, particularly office supplies, are placed around the installation. This is all accompanied by sounds of clunks, gentle whirring, drips, clicks. The magnitude of our universe becomes a mad invention.
Berlinde de Bruyckere’s sculpture ‘Quan’, 2010, in Bumped Bodies at the Whitechapel Gallery is a contorted, bruised human figure buried in a cushion, built up from several layers of wax over an iron structure. It makes one feel uncomfortable, even repulsed, but I was in captivated by the wax skin tones and powerful form she has created.
Closer to home, at Hauser & Wirth Somerset ‘Alexander Calder: From the Stony River to the Sky’, is a beautifully curated exhibition. His delicate balanced mobiles and stabiles and their shadows fully occupy the space. Conversations between artworks, recurring forms and his upcycled jewelry, some seen in UK for the first time, offer scope for new ideas.
I am very excited to have been selected to take part in a 10 day workshop in Palermo soon as part of Manifesta12, supported by Bath Spa University Enterprise Showcase Fund. The project ‘Ingruttati Palermo Planetary Garden’ research and fabrication workshop will involve a group of international artists, geographers, urban landscape architects and students who will be exploring the extraordinary hidden underground networks of the qanat waterways. Metaphorically similar to the mysterious powers of mycelium – also an underground system, which can stretch thousands of miles within one organism, the waterways reflect science’s recent discovery of vast reservoirs of water contained hundreds of miles beneath earth’s surface. This will be a wonderful opportunity for me to take part in the prestigious international art event, and to develop the aspect of my practice involving collaborative art projects in the community on an international level.
This entry was posted in Fiona Campbell, Images of New Work, Other Artists, Research, Uncategorized, Workshops and tagged 3-d, Alexander Calder, All Hallows Prep School, All the Fun, Art, art in the community, Artist-in-Residence, Bath Spa University, Berlinde de Bruyckere, Bumped Bodies, Drawn to the Museum, fabric, Found materials, Frome, Hauser & Wirth, Headdresses, Holburne Museum, hybrids, Image in Debris, Ingruttati Palermo Planetary Garden, Insects, Installation, Inventory of Behaviours, Lee Bul, Leonor Antunes, Manifesta12, Marian Goodman Gallery, metal, Michelle Stuart, mutant, Nature, Oscar Tuazon, plastic oceans, PRU Residency, public participation, Quan, reclaimed, recycled materials, Rubbish Art Project, Sarah Sze, Scale of Tongue, scrap, Scrap Kings for Discovery, sculpture, sea creatures, Shepton Mallet, Shepton Sheep, Silk Mill, Somerset, Somerset Art Weeks, Tania Kovats, Tate Exchange, Taunton, wildlife, workshop, Young ProspectUs by Fiona. Bookmark the permalink.
Thanks Fiona for all the interesting info I would love to see your MA stuff but may not make it as I do ceramics tommorow with Pauline at Strode. I will spend some time reading all the news Best Wishes Wendy.
We welcome you here, whoever you are, wherever you are on the journey. Our worship is a blend of contemporary music, traditional hymns, and progressive theology. We don’t simply tolerate our differences, we celebrate the wonder of the sacred in our differences – not only age, race, gender, ability, and orientation, but politics and theology too!
Harmony Creek is a unique community of faith identified by extravagant welcome, progressive and engaging theology, and passion for justice. These qualities come alive as one explores and discovers more deeply the gifts of our community.
As part of the United Church of Christ and Alliance of Baptists, we share in a rich tradition of ground-breaking firsts and justice-seeking extending back centuries.
We have a come as you are rule. Don’t worry about wearing your Sunday best – dress in whatever way you feel comfortable. You’ll find everything from suits and ties to shorts in the warm weather. Most people wear jeans or what you’d think of as business casual. But we don’t care what you wear. Just wear something!
We sing a lot! A couple of hymns, some contemporary praise music, and a few very interesting interludes. And our organist – well, you’re in for a treat!
Our worship begins at 10:30am and lasts 60-70 minutes. We typically begin with an organ prelude and end with a postlude. In between, we mix it up a bit, but everything you need to know is printed right in your bulletin. Every other week, we enjoy a choir anthem. Sometimes we schedule special music.
Harmony Creek Church acknowledges the following statement of faith, revised in 1981 (in the form of a Doxology), and affirmed by the Fourteenth General Synod of the United Church of Christ:
We believe in you, O God, Eternal Spirit, God of our Savior Jesus Christ and our God, and to your deeds we testify:
You call the worlds into being, create persons in your own image, and set before each one the ways of life and death. You seek in holy love to save all people from aimlessness and sin. You judge people and nations by your righteous will declared through prophets and apostles.
In Jesus Christ, the man of Nazareth, our crucified and risen Savior, you have come to us and shared our common lot, conquering sin and death and reconciling the world to yourself.
You bestow upon us your Holy Spirit, creating and renewing the church of Jesus Christ, binding in covenant faithful people of all ages, tongues, and races.
You call us into your church to accept the cost and joy of discipleship, to be your servants in the service of others, and to proclaim the gospel to all the world and to resist the power of evil, to share in Christ’s baptism and eat at his table, to join him in his passion and victory.
You promise to all who trust you forgiveness of sins and fullness of grace, courage in the struggle for justice and peace, your presence in trial and rejoicing, and eternal life in your realm which has no end.
Harmony Creek Church embraces and seeks to practice the following distinctive values in all of its life and work:
We affirm that loving relationships permeate every aspect of the Church’s life together and that the way we treat one another is both an inward and outward expression of our distinctive values.
We affirm that the church is a community where all people are welcomed and recognized as God’s good creation. It is a place where acceptance moves beyond mere toleration of differences and diversity to complete acceptance of all people, affirming that to be the way of Jesus.
We affirm that the Church seeks to develop relationships with all people, inviting and welcoming all people into its midst with sincere hearts and without coercion or manipulation.
We affirm that all sorts and conditions of people are to be invited and included in the Church’s membership, leadership, and in our common life as full partners in the Gospel of Jesus, embracing diversity, without regard to social labels. Therefore, we do not exclude or hinder people’s participation in the full life of the church based on, but not limited to, gender, race, age, sexual orientation or gender identity/expression, socio-economic status, marital circumstance, ethnic origin, theological perspective, or physical/mental challenges.
We affirm that our sharing of bread and cup in the name of Jesus to be a representation of God’s feast for all peoples.
We affirm that the individual is ultimately accountable to God and that, led by God’s Spirit within the community of faith, we are both free and responsible to think and to act in ways that shape our spiritual journey positively and for good.
We affirm that people of faith are both free and responsible to dissent from majority opinion within the community of faith when conscience dictates, recognizing the individual’s ultimate accountability to God and realizing that to dissent is at times both appropriate and necessary. This freedom is extended to both clergy and laity alike without fear of retribution or judgment.
We affirm that testimonies of faith are more important than tests of faith, recognizing that faith can be expressed in many different ways.
We affirm the local church is both free and responsible to shape its own life and mission, call its own leadership, and act in accordance with the collective decisions of its members, guided by the working of the Spirit in the light of the Scriptures and through the life and teachings and example of Jesus of Nazareth.
We affirm the Church is called to live in a covenantal relationship with other congregations for the sharing of insights and for cooperative action in giving full expression to the good news of Jesus in order to carry out God’s mission in the world more effectively.
We affirm the Church should be “ecumenical” in its spirit, always seeking to participate with and to heal the divisions in the larger Body of Christ as well as “interfaith,” always seeking to welcome the presence and insights of our neighbors who practice other faith traditions.
We affirm all members of the Church are called to minister to others and to each other and to participate as equals in the common life and worship of the Church.
We affirm that the Church must be culturally relevant in its methods while remaining thoroughly Christian in its message, making every effort in its language, its witness, and its practices to communicate effectively and relevantly the hope and power of God as revealed in Jesus.
We affirm that individuals are free to study the Scriptures, relying on the illumination of the Spirit and the historical understanding by the Church using the best methods of modern biblical study, with a reverence for biblical witness and a respect for open inquiry and responsible scholarship.
We affirm that there is yet more light and truth to break forth from God’s Holy Word, recognizing that the Bible, though written in specific historical times and places, still speaks to us in our present condition and that the study of scriptures should not be limited by past interpretations but is to be pursued with expectancy for new insights for meaning and living today.
We affirm a free Church in a free state and opposition to any effort either by Church or state to use the other for its own purposes.
We affirm that if the Church is to be truly free, religious freedom must be extended to all religious people as well as to those of no religion.
We affirm that we as Christians need to take seriously the call to follow Jesus and intentionally seek to grow in God’s grace and knowledge, guided by the presence of the Spirit, and that we, as a community of faith, need to support one another in our faith journey.
We affirm that we find grace more in the search for Christian meaning than in absolute certainty and more in the questions than in the answers.
We affirm that exercising the classic practices of spiritual formation such as, but not limited to, prayer, study, service, and worship, are essential for spiritual growth and vitality.
We affirm that regular, active worship and small group participation work together as catalysts for transformation in individual lives and in the life of the Church.
We affirm the role of servant leadership within the church, following the model of the servant Jesus and to full partnership of all God’s people in mission and ministry.
We affirm that we are called as God’s people to work and pray diligently for justice, peace, and understanding and to consider justice and peace in all our church decisions and life together as well as in all aspects of our lives.
We affirm creating a sustainable environment that balances full and equal human development with the protection of the eco-system and in the faithful stewardship of all of God’s creation: human, natural and spiritual.
We affirm that every follower of Jesus is a minister gifted by God for the building up of the Church, the expansion of the realm of God, and instrumental in God’s desire for reconciliation.
We affirm that the church celebrates its relationship with God and each other through worship experiences that are liberating, encouraging, and uplifting and that worship is the heart of the Congregation’s life together.
We affirm that through our worship we offer our praise and honor and gratitude to God and are better equipped to offer our very lives.
We affirm that worship is a catalyst for transformation in the life of individuals and in the life of the church.
We affirm that the community of faith is free and encouraged to manifest authenticity in their personal lives and yearn for continuous growth without fear of judgment and condemnation, and where open and authentic sharing is met by grace, hope and love and the desire of God’s people to be a part of the process of healing, transformation, and renewal.
We affirm that followers of Jesus radiate God’s Spirit through caring fellowship and seek to maintain the unity and harmony of the Spirit that binds the community of faith together in love, and leads them to encourage, support, build up, and commit one to another.
We have programs for kids of all ages. Our youth, 6th grade and older, meet at 9:15am while younger kids meet for Kids Club. Youth then attend church (you’ll usually find them in the balcony!). During worship, younger kids will leave to participate in The Great Adventure. We have a complete nursery and programs for the little ones.
We call ourselves a progressive Christian congregation, but what does that really mean? To start, it means we strive for an approach to the life and teachings of Jesus that is authentic, collaborative and intelligent. Our Christian tradition is one path to God, but we believe there are other paths, too. One good source of information is ProgressiveChristianity.org.
Believe that following the path and teachings of Jesus can lead to an awareness and experience of the Sacred and the Oneness and Unity of all life;
Affirm that the teachings of Jesus provide but one of many ways to experience the Sacredness and Oneness of life, and that we can draw from diverse sources of wisdom in our spiritual journey;
Seek community that is inclusive of ALL people, including but not limited to: conventional christians and questioning skeptics; believers and agnostics, women and men; those of all sexual orientations and gender identities; and, those of all classes and abilities;
Find grace in the search for understanding and believe there is more value in questioning than in absolutes;
Harmony Creek declares itself to be an Open and Affirming Church. ‘Open and Affirming’ is the designation for congregations, campus ministries, and other bodies in the United Church of Christ which make public statements of welcome into their full life and ministry to persons of all sexual orientations, gender identities, and gender expressions.
The ONA movement in the United Church of Christ (UCC) began, on a national level, in 1985 when the General Synod (the national delegate body of the UCC) adopted the resolution, Calling on United Church of Christ Congregations to Declare Themselves Open and Affirming (ONA). Building on this extravagant welcome, the 2003 General Synod adopted a resolution Affirming the Participation and Ministry of Transgender People within the United Church of Christ and Supporting Their Civil and Human Rights. In 2005 the United Church of Christ went on record supporting marriage equality.
The central affirmation of an ONA congregation is that people of all sexual orientations, gender identities, and gender expressions (or lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender people) are welcome in the full life and ministry of the church. The open and affirming is lead by the Open and Affirming Coalition at www.openandaffirming.org.
As a progressive Christian community, we are affiliated with 2 denominations. The United Church of Christ and its rich history reaching back to the Protestant reformation in Europe. We’re proud to be associated with its tradition of justice-seeking and firsts. You can read more about the UCC at www.ucc.org.
We are also aligned with the Alliance of Baptists, who stand with us in support of equality for all people, regardless of, well, anything and for a more intelligent Christian Faith! You can read more about the Alliance of Baptists at www.allianceofbaptists.org
this means i have to list a bunch of fave books etc. i'm bipolar and symptoms have worsened with age. one of them is reading concentration. i've accepted this but it was difficult for many years as i was the type who used to have 3 or 4 books on the go at a time. it's been a decade since i haven't been able to read much. i do get embarrassed about this so when someone says, 'what have you read lately?' i just say i don't, that i only read on the internet , which is true and a blessing because it's easy to set limitations and most articles are short :)
A book that changed my life there have been many help my life evolve. nothing stands out any more then others . depends how old i was and what was going on in my life, mind etc.. 'paddle to the sea' which as a kid i just related to so much. 'a wrinkle in time' which we had to read in grade five and somehow confirmed for me that good witches and different times and realms do exist (even though it was fiction i took it as real). i thought nancy drew was a really fucked up woman but we had to read her at home.
grade 8 i discovered john wyndham and a penchant for 'social science fiction'....... my dad giving me his old jack kerouc and damon runion when i was 16 was way cool. kurt vonnegut, herman hesse, hunter s. thompson. can-lit was big, alice munro, robertson davies, margaret atwood, margaret lawrence, alice munro. books i read in woman's studies who's titles i can't remember but i'm still really fucking pissed off that i leant them out and they weren't returned!!!!!!!!
these all had impact on me. they helped altered my life at various stages. music lyrics made a larger impact on me then books.
A book I've read more then once. i honestly can't remember but i know there's been a few. robertson davie's 'the deptford trilogy', but i can't remember what it was about.
What book would you take to a desert island The Oxford Dictionary or an encyclopedia set (i'll consider that one book split into several)
A book that made me laugh 'the bandy papers' by donald jack....about a world war one flying ace who does nothing but screw up. i was howling!!!!
A book that made me cry following the rev's lead, there was a book i used to read to our little girl that had me in a sobbing mess everytime. DAMN I CAN'T REMEMBER THE NAME!!!!!! or even what it was about. i think the title was something like 'i'll love you until..'.
A book I wish had been written 'how to get out of tooth hell in one easy step and one easy second'. it would actually be a pamphlet.
A book I wish had never been written ' my life' by scout vagabond and 3 years straight on the new york times best seller list. too bad i forgot to give the publisher my address, i'd like the royalties and i kick myself for having written it every 1st of the month.
What turned me on to fiction dr. seuss, beatrix potter, all that early stuff. dad making up stories was the best!!!!
Final thoughts i also loved james harriet and gerald durrell. 'harriet the spy' was part of my life and i used to eat ketchup sandwiches with my little sister and we'd spy on the neighbourhood with our harriet get ups.
books are amazing and wonderful. sometimes i still grieve the loss of the ability to read them. BIGGEST DISAPPOINTMENT: the books our daughter had to read in school were all geared to boys and she disliked reading until about 20 as a result. she's only 23 and i was so looking forward to her being turned on to cool books at school, but bowen island is in the west van school district and they are backwards and couldn't even bring themselves to give choice.... shit, i think we even had that when i was a kid!!!!!!!
I'll be putting up my answers in a few days, ok? JJ also tagged me, so I'll have one for both of you. Need to have a bit more time so that I can remember things... Memory is not what it used to be :)
A book I wish had been written: That Africa is actually a continent with over 53 countries and not just one small country as it is reffered now.
Books I am currently reading nothing: Breaking The Chains of Psychological Slavery by Dr.Naim Akbar.
Books I've been meaning to read: Freakonomics;A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything by Steven D.Levitt and Stephen J.Dubner.
On one hand they can be cheesy but on the other hand a device to encourage people to tell you what they are reading/have read and why is pretty cool.
I actually wrote a post about books that have meant a lot to me and books I am currently about to read but like most of everything it got hung in the thick, fruitful cobwebs of my hard drive and lost in the lamenting dirge of “no time for anything”.
Since I am a lousy “blogger”, surly crank and not all that approachable I do not believe I will get slapped with this one so I think I will take your post as an inspiration to dig out the old post and update it.
Got me, Scout. OOooops, I thought I was supposed to post on my own blog, but I see Jeff has done it here...oh well. Will have to Look up that last entry he mentioned... :)
jeff, love the bit about africa not being one small country!!!!! ha, i'm sure more then just cheez and me perked up at the sex trends title!
youngfox, suffering from oscar the grouch syndrome? try a couple of cookies from the monster :) . be interesting if you could dig up that file!
cheez cheez cheez cheez cheez!!! glad to see you online and not putting your full time into trivial persuits like your doctorate :)
Gary F.Kelly's book is amazing,extremely researched and all that.I encourage everyone to read it not only for the sake of "be turned on" but for knowledge.Only if we could imagine the power of sexuality..gosh!
sex really is an extremely powerful things, isn't it? look at the kamasutra and tantric sex. and sex itself is for pleasure but also to gain knowledge if that's what one is seeking. sacred sex is a realm unto it's own. it's all how it's directed and utilized that counts.
This is a placeholder page for Richard Williams, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Richard Williams.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Richard Williams. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Richard Williams. We created this page automatically in hopes Richard Williams would find it. If you are not Richard Williams, but are an alumni of Harrisburg High School Harrisburg, IL, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Harrisburg High School	of Harrisburg, Illinois
Published by Jeane Kerry, at Sunday, August 19th , 2018 - 01:51:44 AM, in Home Exterior & Interior category.
large square indoor planters large indoor plants and planters large self watering indoor planters diy large indoor planters large indoor planters uk large indoor decorative planters large indoor gold planters cheap large indoor planters ideas for large indoor planters large planters for indoor plants cool large indoor planters large indoor metal planters large contemporary indoor planters large indoor planters pots large tall indoor planters
Published by Liona Mercer, at Saturday, August 18th , 2018 - 23:15:39 PM, in Home Creative category.
modern bedroom daybed modern metal daybed modern daybed sofa gus modern daybed modern twin daybed with trundle daybed modern office chair low modern daybed modern daybed with bolsters modern queen daybed modern line daybed modern wood daybed modern daybed outdoor modern daybed mattress cover rh modern daybed modern daybed diy
Published by Jeane Kerry, at Saturday, August 18th , 2018 - 23:18:52 PM, in Home Inspirations category.
Published by Jeane Kerry, at Saturday, August 18th , 2018 - 22:41:28 PM, in Home Exterior & Interior category.
Published by Liona Mercer, at Sunday, August 19th , 2018 - 01:15:42 AM, in Home Inspirations category.
recycled wooden wine racks wooden wine racks diy wooden wine rack on wheels wooden wine rack with drawer wooden wine racks vintage wooden wine racks for sale in south africa wooden wine rack b&q wooden wine racks on amazon wooden wine rack holder wooden wine racks tesco expandable wooden wine racks wooden wine rack plans build wooden wine rack cupboard wooden wine racks to make wooden wine racks wall
軽自動車サイズに、1,930mmの室内長と1,345mmの室内幅で圧迫感のない室内空間を実現したダイハツ「ミラココア（COCOA）」。ラインアップは、「ココアL」、「ココアX」、「ココアプラスX」を設定。e：Sテクノロジーの展開により、JC08モード燃費29.0km／L（2WD車）の低燃費を達成したことに加え、乗り心地の改善や、高い静粛性の実現など、基本性能を向上させた。安全装備には、全車にエマージェンシーストップシグナルを採用。エクステリアは、先進感と共に高い視認性を実現するLEDヘッドランプに加え、リング状に光る印象的LEDクリアランスランプやジュエリーをイメージしたフロントLEDイルミネーションランプ、フロントバンパー（ココアLを除く）を採用。今回、ナビゲーション標準装着グレードであった、「ココアXスマートセレクションSN」、「ココアプラスXスマートセレクションSN」の名称を「ココアX リミテッド」、「ココアプラスX リミテッド」に名称を変更。また、ボイスコントロールナビを標準装備。ボディカラーは、「シルキーラベンダーメタリックオパール」や5種類の2トーンセレクションを含む全15色を用意（ココアLを除く）。
There are a lot of famous sights and places of interest in the region. Feel free to stroll through Bozen and see the world famous "Ötzimuseum". Let yourself bewitch from Meran and the botanic gardens of Trauttmansdorff castle. Betake yourself to a time travel in one of the countless castles of the region or visit our unique churches and museums.
Small business video production and video production for small businesses are lookup terms that often show up in website traffic analytics. This suggests a perception that the sizing of the company decides the production approach. Having said that, our video production technique is just not affected by the dimensions of the company’s workforce or the dimensions of it’s service provision.
Ahead of starting any work on your animated project, you should definitely understand each individual element associated:
Not all the things in our environment is really a flat grey shade so figures and objects will need colors, textures and perhaps fur and hair; this is termed texturing. The moment these techniques are comprehensive, the character, prop or set is prepared for animation, lighting and rendering.
“Many thanks once again Hal with the quite handy Video Producer and Letters of Agreement. I happen to be employing the knowledge for approximately 6 months now. Happy to announce that it has assisted generate an additional $5000 challenge every month or two. Rather pleasant.. ”
Cost is often agreed to in advance with our purchasers, so that they know what the price is ahead of production starts. Now we have experienced several scenarios where a task takes longer than predicted and the price has modified in the course of the procedure.
I do know I happen to be toooo type to my purchasers in my pricing and given that my business is using a upward change, I really need to get again to simple pricing. Excellent kick in The pinnacle reminder. I produce some pretty good brief video tasks that my consumers adore, but just don’t possess the budgets to find the money for.
Reply a couple of questions Tell us what you may need so we can easily provide you the right execs. Get rates Acquire offers from pros who fulfill your needs. Use the right pro Evaluate prices, information pros, and hire when ready.
You should also take into account helpful site the Competitors. Examine the yellow pages within the cellphone e book to check out what kind of Competitiveness You will be up versus. If you live in a very town with 20,000 individuals and you can find by now 4 wedding videographers, then you have a tough market to break into.
Crisp understands the special requirements of small businesses—and we produce outcomes no matter what dimensions spending plan your company has. We function closely along with you to determine the best use of your respective finances, and generate a video that matches your requirements to the T.
We are now living in entire world of peer affect. What does that suggest? It signifies that quite possibly the most convincing gross sales pitch isn't the a single we give about our possess business, nevertheless the one particular our clients give about our business. A number of client testimonial videos on your web site can seal the deal for just a possible customer.
I've fantastic directing competencies, using an eye for detail. I can coordinate or produce in any section of production. I've all my own machines and up-to-date program for modifying and special effects.
I don't want to be the voice of doom and gloom, I just want you to go into this process using your eyes vast open. I would not be carrying out you any favors by rendering it seem straightforward.
You not have only to be able to develop Expert video, you have to satisfy the requires on the consumer and you've got to do so in time and within finances.
We’re also happy to prepare a estimate to suit your needs whenever you’re setting up a finances. When I’ve had lots of customers and potential customers thank me for that, I believed a more considerable web site write-up on how we stop working our expenditures could possibly be worthwhile explaining.
Fusion Houses create a simple and revolutionary concept of modern homes that combine several or all of the following specifications:
Copyright © 1994 Global Recordings Network. This recording may be freely copied for personal or local ministry use on condition that it is not modified, and it is not sold or bundled with other products which are sold.
연락처 for inquiries about allowable use of these recordings, or to obtain permission to redistribute them in ways other than allowed above.
We would love to hear your feedback about how you might use this recording, and what are the results. 피드백라인에 연락하세요.
INTERNATIONAL SEMINAR ON HUMAN RIGHTS OF MARGINALISED POPULATIONS Last date for Submission of Abstract: November 12, 2017 Registration opens on: November 20, 2017 Registration closes on: November 30, 2017 Last date for Submission of Full paper: November 30, 2017
3 day national workshop on sentensing policy- Need for revamping December 20,21 & 22.Venue:Central Assembly Hall. Inaugration ceremony by Honourable Justice Markandey Katju
This is a placeholder page for Roderick Brown, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Roderick Brown.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Roderick Brown. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Roderick Brown. We created this page automatically in hopes Roderick Brown would find it. If you are not Roderick Brown, but are an alumni of Glen Oaks High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Glen Oaks High School	of Baton Rouge, Louisiana
Malta: Commemorative €2 coin ‘Cultural Heritage’ issued under the programme ‘From Children in Solidarity’ 34 views | posted on 06/11/2018 | under Central Bank of Malta
I met the doorkeepers again. They asked me about the bondmaid and I told them what Abu Ja'far al-Baqir (as) had asked me to do. They said: “He is a liar and ignorant. He does not know what he says.” I mentioned that to Abu Ja'far al-Baqir (as). He said to me: “Would you inform of what I tell you?” I said: “Yes, I would.” He said: “Tell them that Abu Ja'far says to you: How about you when your hands and legs are cut and hung on the Kaaba and then you are asked to announce loudly: we are the thieves of the Kaaba?” When I wanted to get up, he said: “It is not me, who will do that, but it is a man from me.”55
The Green Music Stick MP3 Player from GadgetTown allows you to enjoy up to 8GB of your favorite MP3 files wherever you go. Simply slip the MP3 player into your pocket and take it to the gym, walking, jogging, or just relaxing yourself at home. The USB interface makes it simple to connect to a PC to download your music and you can even use as a flash disk drive. The 8GB Green Music Stick MP3 Player retails for $39.99. [GadgetTown]
Gadmei has unveiled another one of its upcoming Full HD PMP namely the P82. The player comes with an 8-inch 1280 x 768 LCD screen, a microSD card slot (up to 32GB), a picture browser, an e-book reader, a voice recorder, a USB port and supports 1080p Full HD video playback. Pricing and release date are still unknown at the moment. Read more
The Timex T435B features a digital display with three selectable LCD colors (blue, purple and amber) that clearly displays the current time. The gadget also has an MP3/CD line-in jack that allows users to listen to their favorite songs from their iPod, MP3 player or portable CD player. Priced at just $19.99 at Target, the Timex T435B requires three AA batteries (not included) to operate. [Product Page]
Looking for a new budget-friendly PMP that comes with a built-in DVB-T receiver? Well if you do, why don’t check out the Media Mogul from Chinavasion. Priced at just $103.16, the player offers a 3.5-inch 320 x 240 touchscreen display, an 8GB of storage, a microSD card slot, an FM radio, an e-book reader, a photo viewer, a voice recorder, built-in speakers, a USB port and has a built-in DVB-T receiver for watching your favorite TV shows wherever you go. [Product Page]
Here’s a very affordable wearable MP3 player for any sports enthusiast out there, the Lightweight Necklace MP3 player from Light in the Box. Coming in glossy red finish, this compact player offers a 2GB of storage, a USB 2.0 port, a 3.5mm headset jack, a built-in rechargeable battery and supports both MP3 and WMA audio formats. If you’re interested, the Lightweight Necklace MP3 Player will cost you $15.99. [Product Page]
Designer Ted Kim has creatively designed a portable headset with a built-in MP3 player to attract the next-gen buyers. Known as the iRiver sWing, it is a wearable MP3 player that looks very futuristic. The player has a unique design that allows for the MP3 player to be folded in order to maximize its portability. Too bad, it is only a concept at this time. Read more
Portable MP3 Players is a subsidiary of TechFresh.net dedicated to those little things with wires that plug into your ears and provide hours of non-stop entertainment. More »
This year Remembrance Sunday is also the 100th anniversary of the end of World War One. We invite you to join with us at St Barnabas in remembering the the millions who gave their lives in the cause of peace.
For csgo the most important thing is the CPU, so the 1050 ti is more then enough. You wont rly get more fps with an 1060.
1050ti is more than enough for 144 hz...I get around 280-290 fps with i5 6600k and an old r9. 270x and on my secondary pc....so u r good to go with ur build
This is a placeholder page for Kanen Chinn, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Kanen Chinn.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Kanen Chinn. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Kanen Chinn. We created this page automatically in hopes Kanen Chinn would find it. If you are not Kanen Chinn, but are an alumni of Harvard High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Harvard High School	of Harvard, Illinois
The biennial Mission Hills World Celebrity Pro-Am brought together iconic athletes and entertainment stars who played alongside professional golfers in a weekend tournament. Spotted on the red carpet and golfing green were tennis champion Boris Becker, basketball champions Allen Iverson and Yao Ming, Hollywood stars Jeremy Renner and Michael Douglas, Korean star Jessica Jung, as well as golfing greats Gary Player, John Daly, Mark O’Meara and Rich Beem, and LPGA stars Paula Creamer, Natalie Gulbis, Suzann Pettersen and Anna Nordqvist.
Recycled jumper tote, using an old Penney's jumper. I have a horrendously low IQ, and spent hours last night trying to work out the spatial logistics of how to line the bag and which side to sew on. Nightmare, I tell you, but it gives the bag so much more structure. Also, it looks cuter.
Pattern: Made more or less according to the instructions for a recycled sweater tote given here, but with a square bottom, and lined.
Materials: old Penney's (Primark, for UK readers) lambswool stripey raglan, patchwork cotton for lining.
British granny goes totally insane and tries to fuck with her grandson's friend - sexy big tits porno
In our 20th year we are taking a fresh look at how we do things. One part of this is to develop a clear understanding of the process we go through in our projects.
We work with many people to create concepts and prototypes that spark imagination and ask questions about the implications of new technology. Ideas can then be demonstrated at the scale of a city through our festival as lab. I am going to call this open prototyping.
Open prototyping is to develop and test a concept or process through input of external contributors. Our projects are open to many contributors and also are often made with a public audience in mind. They benefit from the co-creation of many external contributors and the interface to a real public.
Prototypes make future ideas tangible, and enable us to test and trial an early sample or model. This can be for a new product or service, or it can be a more speculative idea about the future. Art projects can do something similar, untied from a product or instrumental goal.
Opening the process up can create points of contact to various contributors and users at different stages in the development process, it can entail multiple points of openness and synthesis.
I have done an early stage process model for open prototyping, an alpha version. This is captured in the slide show below, and each stage is also described below that.
Our programmes are shaped by year round engagement with a creative community. We are always on the look out for emerging themes and issues. We take positions, and contribute to debates. This is more than participatory design, it is a collaborative culture.
We place a focus on active and engaged communities. We take early stage ideas out to our community, and build a network of contributors around an issue. In our labs shaping themes and teams goes hand in hand.
Our festival as lab gives a capacity to rapidly mobilise crowds. This creates an interface to a wide audience, and a delivery platform for ideas and experiences. It becomes possible to generate dialogue at the scale of the city between many different stakeholders, users and audiences.
We carefully shape programme themes around emerging issues, develop a proposition and call to action. Ideas events offer an open platform and a crucible for new thinking. New insight and knowledge is generated on the evolving landscape around technology and society.
We work to create surprising connections and bridge between disciplines, sectors, perspectives, locations and scales. We seek out contributors who bring unique and relevant expertise or access to a problem space. Our events connect people at different levels, and create a space where conflicting positions can be expressed.
Prototypes enable new ideas about the future to be made tangible. We take a social or technological system, identify the assumptions, and give them tangible, external form, so that they may be experienced and questioned. Creative methods from interaction design, media art and design fiction can create new and alternate realities.
Understanding and skillsets can be shared and extended by making and doing together. Making things, reflecting on those, and debating the outcomes with others creates learning and knowledge exchange. Scenarios, concepts, objects and mockups enable us to test and trial an early sample or model. These are developed using a set of design methods that we use to solve commonly occurring problems in our work.
Large scale experiences and demonstrations enable participants to experience and experiment with possible futures. We commission artists to illustrate new ideas through creative prototypes, interaction design and participative experiences. Moments of disruption are created when objects and systems that are out of their own time are experienced by people in the city.
It is possible to interact with the audience, and to generate insights that cannot be obtained in other ways. We deploy devices, interfaces and experiences in real world scenarios to see how they might be used, and how people might respond. The public and creative communities can be engaged in shaping questions, collecting data and adding new interpretation.
The impact is the change in the world. Outcomes can be services for cities, communities or science. Or the knowledge and practices that are generated and feed back into the scoping of issues and ideas. This contributes to collaborative culture, the impact is shared.
Some of this is particular to us, and how we do things. It springs from the way we span art and innovation. Much also is common among fellow travellers in our community, and points towards an emerging trend. These include the likes of Eyebeam, Ars Electronica and Waag Society, all of whom have championed open culture and digital creativity, and use art and design methods for research and innovation.
The term open prototyping has been used before. It was coined by Bullinger et al (2011) to do for prototyping what Henry Chesbrough (2003) has done for innovation. Chesbrough made the case for opening the innovation process to contributors outside your company. Bullinger does the same for industrial design prototyping, focusing on software applications for cars, to look at how companies “can and should use external input as well as internal input” when developing prototypes. This then is not ‘open’ as in open source, or open data.
In the case of FutureEverything, open prototyping also means open code, designs and knowledge. This extension is central to us, its not a rigid rule, but it is the norm.
The same year Bullinger published ‘The Next Step – Open Prototyping’, Eyebeam in New York staged an event called Open Prototyping (2011). In their exhibition space they opened up the research and productions of the resident artists and designers for public engagement through workshops, demos and daily interactions.
Along similar lines, Ars Electronica’s FutureLab uses artistic provocation in an innovation process, and Waag Society has for 20 years pioneered digital creativity for social innovation. They, like us, have their own distinct approach yet still we can see the outlines of a shared landscape.
Creating DVDs using the GRN Slide show Videos - Here are instructions for creating DVDs for specific people groups you are trying to reach
after hearing an experienced monitor keeper on this forum mention that providing his reptile with UVB made him abit nervous because of possible detrimental effects, i decide to update my lack of knowledge on the subject
it is quite a read but worth it - if your armed with the knowledge to buy the correct product for your species needs, then that can only be a good a thing
Tags: decorative decorative, decorative home decor, decor handmade, Cheap decorative decorative, High Quality decorative home decor, China decor handmade Suppliers.
Moose head home decorations,elk deer caribou head decor,creative American Nordic European Canadian Quebec craft study decor
(26) Ali bin al-Husayn narrated from Muhammad bin Yahya from Muhammad bin Hassaan ar-Razi from Muhammad bin Ali as-Sayrafi from al-Hasan bin Mahboob from Amr bin Shimr that Jabir had said:
“A man came to Abu Ja'far al-Baqir (as) and said: “May Allah bless you! Please take these five hundred dirhams from me. They are the zakat of my wealth.”
Abu Ja'far al-Baqir (as) said: “You take them and divide them among the poor Muslims of your neighbors and brothers.”
11.11.2018 - GROUP C REVIEW: Thüringer could yet progress to the next stage of the EHF Champions League after a solid win against HC Podravka Vegeta
11.11.2018 - GROUP B REVIEW: Thanks to a strong second-half performance, Rostov-Don beat Sävehof and secured their top position in the group with one match to go
10.11.2018 - GROUP B REVIEW: A draw in Brest was enough for Kobenhavn to secure their spot in the main round of the Women’s EHF Champions League on Saturday
10.11.2018 - GROUP A REVIEW: Metz Handball had no problems booking their main round ticket, as they beat Larvik HK on Saturday.
09.11.2018 - NEWS REPORT: In a busy month for European handball, PSG’s Sagosen and Rostov-Don’s Vyakhireva stood out, and they have now been named EHF Players of the Month for October
09.11.2018 - GROUPS C/D PREVIEW: No team is sure of their future in Women’s EHF Champions League 2018/19 Group D, as there is a scenario where all four sides could finish the group with six points
07.11.2018 - FEATURE: Twin cities which share a name and a passion for handball, but what else do these cities in France and Belarus have in common?
06.11.2018 - FEATURE: There was no shortage of insightful posts on social media after this week’s round in Europe’s two premium club competitions, and we have gathered the best ones here for you
06.11.2018 - TALKING POINTS: Struggling powerhouses, do-or-die games and vintage performances have been the highlights of Round 4 of the Women's EHF Champions League Group Matches
06.11.2018 - FEATURE: Part of the EHF 'Handball Inspires Generations' campaign, Isabelle Gulldén is an idol for many kids but it isn't just talent that has made her into one of the sport's biggest stars
05.11.2018 - GROUP C REVIEW: Győri Audio ETO KC make no mistakes as they eventually overcome Thüringer HC in Hungary
05.11.2018 - NEWS REPORT: The retired German star joins the European top-flight as its new ambassador.
04.11.2018 - GROUP D REVIEW: A 15-goal outing from Aniko Kovacsics helps FTC earn their third win in a row, while Vipers to take an away victory in Bucuresti’s fortress
04.11.2018 - GROUP A REVIEW: Odense HC win the second derby against Larvik HK in two weeks, before Buducnost defeat Metz Handball thanks to a strong defensive game
Skanska has signed a contract with Locum AB to rebuild and expand Södertälje hospital, Sweden. The contract is worth SEK 968 mln (approx. €104 mln), which will be included in order bookings for Skanska Sweden for the third quarter of 2014.
The project includes a 22,000 m² emergency hospital, including a delivery ward. In addition, an existing 8,000 m² building will be converted into care units with additional 120 single rooms.
The new Södertälje hospital will meet high sustainability standards. The aim is to certify the building according to Miljöbyggnad at the highest level, Gold.
A process is currently executing in the background, please wait for the operation to complete. Once complete your screen will refresh automatically. One moment please...
A 50mm plain tube gate frame that is 98-7/16"" long and 11-7/16"" tall at arch. Made out of 12 gauge plain square steel tubing. This frame goes on the top of a gate. This frame weighs 16.34 lbs. Gain a quantity discount when you buy 3 or more.
…this Gothic cast iron casting on your next project. This pattern is fairly simple for being Gothic, but still has the famous arches. This casting can be used in a gate or even as a tabletop. Each casting is 9-3/4"" wide, 21-3/4"" high and weighs 3.75 lbs. Receive a quantity discount when you buy…
FREE Amazon Baby Box – You can see what was in my FREE Amazon Baby Box here. To get yours make your FREE Amazon Registry. then spend at least $10 on any one item from my registry. You can add anything you want to your registry, including dog food LOL. Then after your order ships log back in to your Amazon account and claim your FREE Baby Registry Box.
Free 30 Day Trial to Amazon Prime – If you’re looking to shop Amazon for baby items, having Prime is a must have! Aside from the free 2-day shipping, there are quite a few more benefits to Amazon Prime that make it worth it. You can sign up for the Amazon Prime free trial HERE if you’ve never done the trial before. It gives you a full 30-days to test whether you want to keep the product.
Target is my life. No for real, I do not think I could survive without my weekly trips there. You will probably be creating a baby registry here anyways, but if that was not in your plans you should highly consider it because when you sign up you qualify for a Baby Welcome Kit. It’s a box you will go pick up from your local Target full of samples and up to $50 worth of coupons. Moms say they’ve received everything from wipes to breast pads in theirs.
The information on SeasideSundays.com is provided for educational purposes only and is not intended to treat, diagnose or prevent any disease. The information on this website is not intended to replace a one-on-one relationship with a qualified health care professional and is not intended as medical advice. It is intended as a sharing of knowledge and my own personal experience. I encourage you to make your own health care decisions based upon your research and in partnership with a qualified health care professional.
Did you enjoy this list? I hope you found it helpful! As a young mother on a budget, I learned quickly how much a dollar saved can mean. It’s a joy to pass on the knowledge and savings I’ve acquired over the years to other new moms. Share your thoughts in the comments—are there any savings you have come across not listed here? Any that you didn’t know about and were happy to see? Don’t forget to share the list with your friends and family!
Grove Collaborative is running a great promotion right now! If you sign up here, you’ll get a free $10 credit as well as a free Seventh Generation hand soap! Use your $10 credit to get a free baby item such as Seventh Generation baby wipes. Grove has the best brands and their customer service is excellent. Keep in mind that a $20 purchase will qualify you free shipping.
Nature’s One. This is a company committed to providing the best formula and foods for your baby well into her toddler years,. You can try their product for free through the link provided. While the PediaVance ships for free, other sample products do require a minimal shipping fee. If your little one is lactose intolerant, there is a sample product for you—Baby’s Only Organic LactoRelief.
Amazon is a close second to Target when it comes to my favorite things in life. Did you know you can register for your baby shower through Amazon too? If you have Amazon Prime just register and spend $10, then you get to pick out a free baby stuff welcome box to be sent to your doorstep. The items in the welcome box are typically valued around $35, so it’s a pretty great deal!
As your pregnancy progresses, make sure that you think about other ways to save money so you can have your baby on a budget. You’ll want to take a look at how to create a personal budget if you haven’t already. You’ll also want to decide whether you should use cloth diapers and if cloth diapers can save you money or not (hint: they won’t save every family money). You’ll also want to make sure that you don’t overbuy items for your baby since doing so can cause you major financial trouble. When you’re buying the items you need for your new baby, keep these 10 items you really need for baby in mind so that you don’t overspend. You also may want to check out these 30 things to stop buying and make since they will help you cut your household expenses significantly.
Home Mom to 5 children ages 8 & under and a Furbaby! I’m a Blogger, Frugalista, Bookworm and Gypsy Soul. We homeschool & travel full-time in our RV. I have always been a very frugal person and learned to make an enlisted military salary work for 7 people! Now I’m sharing all my ways I save money and sharing the new ways I’m learning! I am also sharing the ups and downs of our homeschool journey with you! Come along for the ride!
Free $10.00 gift card from Ebates ($10.00 value) – When you’re buying all that baby gear, why not get paid for it? Sign up for an Ebates account and you can do just that! Ebates has a special relationship with thousands of stores and when you shop through Ebates, they earn a small commission. Ebates then turns around and pays you a portion of that commission back as cashback. Plus, when you sign up for Ebates using THIS link, you’ll earn $10.00 FREE on your first purchase of $25.00 or more!
Baby companies give out a ton of free baby samples but only if they know you're out there and have a baby. If there's a company that makes a baby product you'd like to try, you should visit their website and register your information with them. This way when the baby companies decide to send out free baby samples, they'll automatically send one out to you.
Like with Honest Co and Dr. Seuss Book Club, to receive this freebie book you will have to sign up for a monthly subscription but cancel it within the next three weeks to prevent being charged. Call (888) 215-4327 to cancel. It is so worth it the hassle because good hardcover books are so difficult to find and babies absolutely love them. Here’s the link!
Baby Carrier. My baby carrier is my best friend. It has proved a wonderful resource on outings with my little ones, especially during those first few months. With it, I can travel without the hassle and bulk of a stroller. It also helped me keep my baby close to me and away from unwanted germs. Use the code ENBABY in the Seven Slings site to avail of a free baby carrier.
I read an article the other day that said it takes at least $277,000 to raise a child so there is no reason not to get an early start! Scoring free baby samples is just one way to prepare for a baby on a budget so make sure that you’re doing other things to prepare for your baby frugally. You could start an investment account with Stash. When you use THIS link they will either give you $5.00 free or 1 year of Stash free. You could learn how to earn free gift cards online over HERE. Gift cards that you earn online are a fantastic way to save money on buying the baby gear you need.
Know what? Babies are expensive! If you’ve got a new tiny one, I’m more than sure I don’t have to tell you that though! From the time we get pregnant, we spend money that we sometimes don’t have on them and it only gets worse as they get older. By the time that they’re in college, we’ve spent hundreds of thousands of dollars. Luckily, you’re here and if you’re here that means you’re a frugal person who is trying to have a baby on a budget and you know that saving any kind of money is a great thing. That’s where these baby freebies come into play. Below you’ll find a huge amount of offers that will let you score at least $1,091 in FREE baby samples!
What exactly are you looking for? I received the baby safety items in the mail for free right away and they are fantastic. I also just posted about free Gerber formula. I’ve received many free samples of diapers and wipes in the mail from Costco and Huggies. I also received free formula and nice coupons from Enfamil Family Beginnings. I am about to get a free baby book in the mail too. If you follow along, you will get some great freebies.
Hi I love your website! Wish I’d found it a lot sooner. One excellent resource I’ve been using is called Care Net. It’s a nationwide network of pregnancy/parenting centers. It’s a Christian organization but open to those of any religion and very non-judgmental/non-proselytizing. They’re COMPLETELY free with no catch. They’re a privately funded program so there’s no government involvement whatsoever. They offer free pregnancy tests, free ultrasounds, and parenting classes. The parenting classes are part of the Earn While You Learn program-you basically attend a class every week for an hour and earn points you redeem in their “mart” for whatever your baby needs. The MOPS group (mothers of preschoolers) is also a lot of fun and great way to meet other moms and let my little guy play with others his age. Thought I’d pass along the info.
Know Ipswich High Class of 2016 graduates that are NOT on this List? Help us Update the 2016 Class List by adding missing names.
More 2016 alumni from Ipswich HS have posted profiles on Classmates.com®. Click here to register for free at Classmates.com® and view other 2016 alumni.
The students that went to school at the Ipswich high school called Ipswich High School and graduated in '16 are on this page. Register to add your name to the class of 2016 graduates list.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Ipswich High School	of Ipswich, Massachusetts
Seriously, anyone that says Nimsoft employees don’t know how to dress well….John Daly eat your heart out
This entry was posted on Friday, July 16th, 2010 at 4:21 pm	and is filed under General. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Responses are currently closed, but you can trackback from your own site.
The Marine Ecosystem Dynamics Modeling Laboratory (MEDML) at the School for Marine Science and Technology, University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth houses an active research team with focus on coastal and estuarine circulation, frontal dynamics, bio-physical interaction, suspended sediment processes, and ecosystem modeling. The University of Massachusetts School of Marine Science is also a graduate education center providing both M.S. and Ph.D. degreee training in the MEDML. We have successfully developed an unstructured grid, Finite-Volume, primitive equation Community Ocean Model (FVCOM) that is well suited for simulating the circulation and ecosystem dynamics from global to estuarine scales, particularly for regions characterized by irregular complex coastlines, islands, inlets, creeks, and inter-tidal zones.
In collaboration with scientists at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution (WHOI), we are building an integrated high-resolution model system that is capable of hindcasts, nowcasts, and forecasts of circulation and key ecosystem processes in coastal oceans and estuaries.
The major components of this system include: 1) a meso-scale meteorological model, 2) FVCOM, 3) a sediment model based on the Community Sediment Transport Model, 4) a generalized lower trophic level food web model, 5) multi-stage zooplankton models, and 6) the EPA-standard water quality model. A GUI has been developed for system operation and post-processing. In collaboration with scientists at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), we have implemented both ensemble and reduced Kalman filters into FVCOM to build a model-based observing and prediction coastal ocean system.
MEDML is a high-performance computational center for ocean modeling equipped with a super performance Linux cluster. This multiprocessing computing facility has extended the research interests of MEDML to the global ocean. A FVCOM-based high resolution Atlantic Ocean Model,with full coupling between global and coastal systems, is being developed at MEDML.
MEDML welcomes applications for graduate study from talented students in the fields of physical oceanography, biology, and fishery science. Students will receive solid training in both physical and ecosystem dynamics and an opportunity to participate in state of the art research in ocean sciences.
The following bid opportunities are provided for your convenience. Call the project contact information provided on the Requests for Proposal documentation. Do not call the Fort Worth Business Assistance Center (BAC). The BAC assumes no responsibility for any action taken by clients or other individuals responding to information contained in listed project RFPs.
You don't become a tech hub by being the new home of Amazon, but by being the home of the new Amazon.
We are so excited to announce that we have a Presenting Sponsor for Global Entrepreneurship Week - Fort Worth. Please wel…
Then he said: “When al-Qa'im of Ahlul Bayt rises, he will divide the wealth equally and rule justly over the people. Whoever obeys him certainly obeys Allah and whoever disobeys him disobeys Allah. He is named as Mahdi56 because he guides to a hidden matter. He takes the Torah and the rest of the divine Books of Allah from the cave of Antakya (Antioch). He will judge among the people of the Torah with the Torah, among the people of the Bible with the Bible, among the people of Psalms (of Prophet David) with the Psalms and among the people of the Qur'an with the Qur'an.
The wealth of the world is gathered to him from above the ground and from under the ground. He says to people: Come on to the wrong you have done to your kin! Come on to the bloods you have shed wrongfully! Come on to the sins you have committed! He will offer something that no one has ever offered before him. He will fill the world with justice, equity and light after it has been filled with injustice, oppression and evil.”57
Council of Europe cross-party initiative: Parliamentarians from 14 European countries call upon Russian government to put an end to religious freedom violations against minorities On Friday 13 October, 28 parliamentarians at the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe, coming from 14 European countries and members of the four main political groups at the Assembly,[…]
New result was generated from system server. Free download on the result of Beauty And The Beast Band Maid as a video MP3 or audio/song.
This is the popular search by users, not all categories appear. You must use search bar to find any content from all around of internet.
"I won five matches and the title, which is most important of all. But I also gained a lot of confidence and worked on improving my serve and my game in general" - Stefan Edberg after his victory in Washington in 1994. Read the article
Thanks for viewing ideas for front porch front porch ideas front porch ideas on a budget white rockers image. This photo ideas for front porch has been uploaded by author under eurotraders.top August 23, 2018, 11:24 am.
“The staff of Prophet Moses (as) was a branch of a myrtle tree planted in Paradise. Gabriel brought it to him when he set out towards Madyan.58 The staff of Prophet Moses (as) and the coffin of Adam (as) are in the lake of Tabariya. They neither decay nor change until they will be taken out by al-Qa'im (as) when he will rise.”59
(28) Abu Sulayman Ahmad bin Hawtha narrated from Ibraheem bin Iss’haq an-Nahawandi from Abdullah bin Hammad al-Ansari from Abul Jarood Ziyad bin al-Munthir that Abu Ja'far al-Baqir (as) had said:
“When al-Qa'im (as) appears, he will appear with the banner of Prophet Muhammad (as), the ring of Solomon (as) and the rock and the staff of Moses (as). Then he will order his caller to announce that no one is to carry food, drink or hay. His companions will say: “He wants to make us and our cattle die of hunger and thirst.” He and his companions will move until the first house they reach. He will strike a rock and then food, drink and hay will come out of it. They will eat and drink and feed their cattle. Then they will reach Najaf, which is near Kufa.60”61
(29) Muhammad bin Hammam and Muhammad bin al-Hasan bin Muhammad bin Jumhoor narrated from al-Hasan bin Muhammad bin Jumhoor from his father from Sulayman bin Suma’a from Abul Jarood that Abu Ja'far al-Baqir (as) had said:
“When al-Qa'im appears in Mecca, his caller will announce that no one is to carry with him food or drink. He (al-Qa'im) will carry with him the rock of Prophet Moses, which is as a burden of a camel. Whenever they stop to rest, the rock will well. Hungry and thirsty ones will eat and drink and feed their cattle until they will reach Najaf, which is near Kufa.”62
(30) Ahmad bin Hawtha al-Bahili narrated from Ibraheem bin Iss’haq an-Nahawandi from Abdullah bin Hammad al-Ansari from Abdullah bin Bukayr from Hamran bin A’yun that Abu Ja'far al-Baqir (as) had said:
r/Competitiveoverwatch - [Dafran] The end. I hate the game. Thought I could love it again and have passion but its impossible, I always end up soft throwing. Contract ended, Overwatch uninstalled, Mcdonalds here I come. For real though thanks for everything u have given me OW Community
Know Hathaway High Class of 1972 graduates that are NOT on this List? Help us Update the 1972 Class List by adding missing names.
The top movie in theaters during 1972 was The Godfather, grossing over $134,966,411 in its lifetime. The most popular television series for 1972 was All in the Family