All in all, this box isn’t bad. I’m likely to use all the products except the pigment. I appreciate that the box I received is consistently warm-toned rather than a random mix of tones. I would have preferred to receive cool-toned colours, but my neutral skin will deal with both.
Today we’ll be opening up the Memebox Special #16 OMG Box. I have four boxes waiting to be unpacked, and I can tell you this is easily the heaviest of the four.
Our O.M.G. Box will literally make you go “Huh?” “Hmmm…Cool!” because we’ve loaded this box up with weirdly awesome, yet effective beauty treasures that will work miracles for your hair, skin and body) If you’re a daring beauty enthusiast or beautyholic who is open to trying bizarre new trends, we dare you to take this beauty challenge!
I regularly shop for beauty items on eBay. If that doesn’t qualify me for “daring” and “open to trying bizarre new trends,” I don’t know what does.
This is a lip gloss with two different shades gradated together in a single product! Despite it being a gloss, the Night Diva Gloss is a non-sticky, smoothly spreading, and highly moist all in one. Also, it carries a built-in LED light and a mirror, so you don’t have to take out your hand mirror or visit the ladies room for a quick touch-up anymore!
A lip gloss? Is this some sneaky trick to set the “OMG” bar low? The built-in mirror and light is a nice touch, but not even close to an OMG.
In my opinion lip gloss is only good for making lipstick sliding off your lips at maximum speed, so I don’t use lip gloss. This product is so useless to me I’m not even going to bother swatching it. Perhaps I should start a swap box.
You might wonder — what is a vitablet? Vitablet comes from combining ‘vitamin’ with ‘tablet’ and refers to SKINAZ’s unique tablet-type of vitamin cleanser rich in vitamin C and aroma oil. What’s so special about this is that it even takes care of skincare while cleansing with its skin beneficial formula containing more than 300g of vitamin C which is equivalent to 4.3 whole lemons. It’ll be like having done a nourishing vitamin pack!
The description is so vague that I did indeed go “Huh?”. For a moment I thought this was multivitamin supplement (which are utterly useless to me), but this is in fact a skincare product. You’re supposed to dissolve a tablet in water, and use the resulting mix as a cleanser or facial mist. It can also be used “for hair, bath, or even on babies,” so I have some serious doubts on its efficacy as a cleanser. I’ll try it as a face mist if I can locate a suitable spray bottle.
SKINAZ takes lip makeup to a whole new level with its Lip Tattoo! This’ll be the ultimate no-makeup makeup since it actually works like an impermanent color tattoo on your lips and does not smudge or gets erased for 24 hours long. Plus, it comes in five lusciously radiant colors.
On weirdness factor alone, this product justifies this box. No, seriously, let me youtube this shit up for you.
You apply the suspiciously lip gloss-looking product to your lips, let it dry for a few minutes, then peel off the outer layer, leaving only the stain behind. Yeah, really. It’s so unlike any other product I’ve tried that I immediately ordered two more colours.
While the product is drying, it feels like your lips are getting stuck together with glue. Not pleasant.
The peeling phase is nowhere near as easy as in the video. I had to peel off little bits at the time, and didn’t feel like I got it all off.
Shortly after peeling, my lips felt painfully dry. Applying lip balm on top is pretty much required.
The resulting stain is very nice, and lasts through lip balm, drinking, and eating with no noticable transfer or fading. It does not last for the stated 24 hours, though. Four to eight is more realistic.
The product has a distinct fruity scent that thankfully fades upon application. I wouldn’t be surprised to see more Lip Tattoos in Scentbox #5 Tropical Fruits.
The colour of this product was chosen randomly. I’m not sure which colour I received, as there is nothing on the box or tube to indicate the colour — not in english, anyway. My best guess is Lovely Pink.
This is a quick 3 step process for taking care of your bust, especially recommended to be used before wearing a bikini! The gommage, the hydro-gel pack, and the cream are enriched with various nutritious ingredients for maintaining your bust skin soft and well-moisturized.
It’s a single-use pack of exfoliator, mask, and moisturiser for your breasts. Doesn’t sound all that special to me, so let’s talk about the lady on the packaging instead.
Just look at her. Doesn’t she just have the exact facial expression that you see on a female porn star when her male co-star drops his trousers? It’s like the skincare equivalent of a Greg Land comic. No, don’t follow that link while at work.
This is the ultimate one-step facial mask with both pore care and cleansing functions. Not only is it packed with green tea extracts, pomegranate extracts, and charcoal extracts, this Clay Mask contains carbonated water which starts to bubble up the very moment it’s applied on your face and deeply penetrates into your pores for getting all the gunk out without having to harden up like average clay masks.
This is the order the products are listed in on the description card, I did not intentionally put the product with “facial” and “penetrate” in the description after the pornfacey product. It’s definitely something I would do, but just for the record, in this case, I didn’t.
I’ve never used a classic clay mask. They look ridiculous, and I’m not at all convinced face masks in general have a purpose beyond the mental effect of self-care. These factors haven’t stopped me from buying a big pile of korean sheet masks, but still.
This particular mask sounds like it would be funny to use, and I’m pretty sure the packaging is trying to convince me that pigs have amazing skin and therefore clay masks must be just as amazing. I’ll give it a try the next time I need a moment of self-care.
Big bonus points for having a space for the spatula underneath the lid! I have so many spatulas littering my bathroom, but at least this one won’t get away so easily. And let’s be honest, a bonus point for the cute pig, too.
In Korea, going down to a local public bath for a nice scrub is a very common and popular thing. You can get a quick glimpse into the world of ‘body scrubs/exfoliators’ with this gentle exfoliator from Ladykin! Enriched with cellulose components from papaya and pineapple extracts, this Aqua Exfoliator for Body removes all bodily dead skill cells and unecessary impurities without having to scrub down hard enough to stimulate your sensitive skin. All you need to do is spray this product all over your body and softly roll away the dead skin cells, for cleaner, fresher, and smoother body skin!
You’re supposed to use this after showering and drying. Just the thought of standing there, rolling off dead skin, after a shower is enough to make me want another shower. It sounds so disgusting I can’t imagine I’ll even try this.
Out of six products I like one, I will try three, and I’m utterly disgusted by one. With the exception of the Lip Tattoo none of them are OMG-worthy.
This box cost $29 plus $6.99 in shipping. It contained all full-size products, with one being a single-use pack.
I took an interest in beauty boxes earlier this year, and my favourite service so far is Memebox. Rather than being a subscription service, Memebox lets you order single boxes. The contents is still a mystery, but each box has a theme to help you decide.
Memebox is stupidly addicting, so I may as well be useful and review the avalanche of boxes I’m receiving. Here we go, with Memebox Special #15 Waterproof Makeup!
This summer, look out for the Waterproof Makeup Box! Loaded with only makeup items that passed our “all-proof test”, this Waterproof Makeup Box defies the laws of makeup with its all-day long lasting staying power. From eye makeup to lip and skin makeup, it has got only the best waterproof and sweat-proof products that are sure to last all throughout the day! You’ll look like a million bucks all day long! No smudging or smearing, you’ll never have to carry around your makeup pouch around ever again!
The description is overly excited and could do with some proofreading. The theme for this box is a bit oddly timed — a summer box as we’re nearing the end of summer? Still, cute boy and I are taking a holiday somewhere hot in october, so that will extend this box’ usefulness this year.
Highly waterproof and long-lasting, the Mission Impossible Lip Marker glides smoothly and leaves a radiant yet naturally-gradiated stain on your lips. It’s rich in avocado oil, rosehip extracts, and macadamia oil, and thus maintains your lips moist and supple as well.
A brightly coloured lip stain in crayon format? Was this product made especially for me? I’m not convinced about the blending sponge at the end, but apart from that this product ticks all my boxes.
The colour is a bit warmer than I prefer, but wearable. It applies evenly and opaquely, and feels like a thick balm on the lips.
Cheek Room’s famous Curl and Long Lash Mascara will add volume and strength to your short, thin eyelashes for a long-lasting, perfectly waterproof finish. The olive oil and resin components allow it to apply smoothly with a silky finish without clogging the lashes.
I like the skinny brush, but I just can’t get excited over a plain black mascara. It’s useful, but that’s it.
Enesti’s new UV Cut Sun Block is not only waterproof with a strong UV protection level but is also highly effective in toning out excess sebum and enlarged pores. Its gentle formula based on green tea and rosemary extracts works as a strong protective agent against the sun and other external toxins.
So this is a sun block that protects against “external toxins.” What does that even mean? What are these external toxins? Still, sun screen and sun block are expensive, and that goes double for sun products that are suitable for wearing under makeup. I’ll find a use for this with just a small amount of annoyance.
From the description, it sounds like this could double as a primer, or at least make a primer less necessary. It’s also a pretty small bottle at 40ml, so this should be a useful travel item.
The illite powder component of the BB Cream works to adhere tightly onto enlarged pores, covering and evening them out into a very natural, brighter tone. This smart BB Cream not only contains anti-wrinkle, brightening, UV protection functions but it also makes your skin to look most natural and supple, as if you’ve just applied a moisturizing ampoule.
Wow. The description is clearly catering to the “BB creams are magic” crowd. It’s making me cringe a little.
I’m stupidly pale, so if I can’t choose the shade, a BB cream or other foundation product is likely to be a waste for me. This one looks to be a tiny bit too dark, but with careful blending it will probably work on my extremely lightly tanned summer face.
Color Bucket is the new brand launched by Touch In Sol — a very famous Korean makeup brand renown for being in charge of numerous K-Pop idols’ makeup) This ‘Geller’ is a waterproof, gel-type eyeliner that comes in 10 different pop-up colors and glides onto your eyelids smoothly with an extremely long-lasting finish.
I like gel eyeliners in pencil form, and this seems one of the better ones. It goes on smoothly with no tugging. Staying power is pretty good; water or even rubbing with a towel doesn’t move this colour at all. It even puts up a fight against oil-based makeup remover.
If I hadn’t read the description card, I would have assumed this to be a lip crayon and discarded it, as I really don’t wear this kind of colour on my lips. As a blusher, I’ll keep it around. I’m not too fond of cream eyeshadows — my hooded lids tend to just eat them — but I might give it a try.
In addition to the products listed, I also received a pencil sharpener. Presumably it goes with the Croquis crayon, as the Mission Impossible marker and the Color Bucket pencil are both twist-ups.
Porn video Directory fetish open was uploaded to Family orgy porn free Hustler video model Gang sex ameature Peace orchestra domination porn category, it was added Bokep, Rumahporn, JavHiHi porn tube 24 with other hot porn videos similar to this, which you can see below. Duration of this video is 22:19. You can also Gracie glamm anal download Directory fetish open porn video in mp4 format.
Paul H. Brewbaker, principal of TZ Economics and former Chief Economist for Bank of Hawaii, returns to share his economic analysis and predictions with HSBP’s members and guests.
This luncheon included an interactive program with Paul fielding questions from the audience and answering them using his treasure trove of charts and graphs. Paul is widely regarded for his 25 years of research and insights into Hawaii’s economy. He has a Ph.D. in economics from the University of Hawaii at Manoa and a bachelor’s degree in economics from Stanford University. Paul also performed graduate work in economics at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
G = date of Easter Sunday (25th March - D = Sunday, move forward as many full weeks as necessary to find next Sunday after F)
Jadon Dance and Brayden Pearson each scored 12 for Concordia while the Bruins were led by Jalen Royal and Isaac Anderson who scored 10 points each.
BISHOP LUERS 61, NORTH SIDE 25: Lydia Reimbold scored 16 and Jaraiya Bright added 13 for the Knights, who led 21-3 after the first quarter and 41-9 at half.
Hannah Barnes and Da'Leshia Davis led the Panthers with 19 points each and Medina Jackson had 12 for the Generals.
Thanks to a film developed by 3M, the glass can also appear yellow, green or an array of other colors depending on the viewer’s perspective. Tim Hart-Andersen, Westminster’s senior pastor, calls it “stained glass for the 21st century.”
“It’s dynamic. It interacts with you, but you can see out and people can see in. This is an expression of what we want to be as a church,” he said.
Westminster has been at work for the past five years preparing a modern expansion of its 19th century campus that will bring new worship spaces, classrooms and, most importantly for the organization, parking.
In 2012, a gift from a church member focused on acquiring parking jumpstarted what would become an $81.5 million project consisting of buying a neighboring site, demolishing two buildings, designing the expansion and bringing in community partners.
This is one of several additions to the Nicollet Mall campus over its 160-year history, but Hart-Andersen said it was one of the quickest. The roughly 40,000-square-foot expansion fills up Westminster’s block along 12th Street between Nicollet and Marquette.
“It took us a century to fill up a half block. We’re filling up the next half block in five years,” he said.
The addition features 300 parking spaces spread across two levels of underground parking, which will increase the church’s parking by five times.
The first floor has several flexible classroom and worship spaces. There’s a small meditation or prayer room with views of Nicollet Mall.
A large performance hall that Hart-Andersen called “the clearing” is a space designed for both quiet, individual prayer and new Sunday evening worship services with a band.
The large, wood-clad room can also be used as an event space for weddings or even pre-Super Bowl events. Westminster is working with the Minnesota Super Bowl Host Committee on a Jan. 28 Bold Hope in the North fundraiser that will have feature music and community choirs.
The space will have an inaugural concert on March 2 with Cantus, a men’s vocal ensemble that practices at the church.
The second floor is devoted to community partners like St. David’s Center for Child & Family Development, an organization that serves 3,000 children and teens. Its space inside the building will focus on supporting children who have faced significant adversity and trauma and who are at risk of out-of-home placement.
Outside the building are two public green spaces fronting Nicollet and Marquette avenues that will help to collect thousands of gallons of rainwater, which is filtered down into the parking structure and used throughout the building. The project’s green initiatives were made possible with funding from the Mississippi Watershed Management Organization and Metropolitan Council.
“We’re thinking 50, 100 years out, creating spaces that are functional and flexible for the generations to come,” Hart-Andersen said.
A key element to the expansion is its design, which features updated uses for the four building materials of the church: glass, stone, metal and wood.
A tower on top of the building features an open version of the church tower. The new rooms feature fixtures with metal accents, clean wood flooring and large glass windows. A skyway connection physically connects the church to the modern world.
The design came from James Dayton Design, whose architect James Dayton counts family as church members going back several generations.
“[It’s] honoring the beauty of this place, but interpreting it in a 21st century way,” Hart-Andersen said.
The project gives the church room to further expand. Hart-Andersen said the construction allows them to add four stories on the Marquette side of the property.
Westminster plans to cut the ribbon on the expansion in mid-January. Hart-Andersen said the new facility is lighter on its feet and physically engaged with the city, each a goal for the church as an organization.
I talked about finding the “why”, finding the motivation as the first step to focus on in taking action to reach a goal. It provides the drive and passion for reaching that certain goal and completing those propositions. With that in mind, I will discuss three intertwined points in order to have an attack plan that draw the fine line between success and failure for you. If you can do the following, you have the basics of discipline down.
Often time when you will think about learning or trying something. You consciously or sub-consciously also associate the fact that it is just something extra. The idea that it’s something exra leads you to think that it is not “as important” or dispensable even, which is very very bad. Take for example, you would like to become healthier and thus, need to exercise (and include a balance diet). When you consider it extra instead of a requirement, you will most likely just continue to go home and sit in front of TV. Instead of thinking it as something extra that needs to be done after work, you need to consider it as a required part of your life. Humans ARE animals and thus, daily activities should involve a certain amount of movement to sustain livelihood, just like breathing/sleeping is a part of us. It is not something extra that we can stop doing.
Another example can be that you want to improve your communication skill and for that, it involes becoming a better listener, which involves understanding people and not just hearing words. So instead of practicing and learning tips and tricks on listening to keywords and doing feedbacks, you need to make the principle of always trying to understand other people a part of you. By making the best effort to keep that as a habit, only then you become so natural at it and thus allow you to become good in communication.
Learning a habit takes time, it’s like learning a new sport where we have to drill certain movements into our muscles. Make it a requirement as a part of your being and have patience for yourself to learn it as a habit.
As previously discussed, learning a habit is by no means an easy task, nor is reaching a certain long-term goal any easier. They usually involve an extensive amount of time that will take steps after steps to get to it. The beginnning is especially a tough step, which is the reason we need the “why”. Heck, I’ve always doubted myself in learning piano in such an “old” age, but staying persistent and continue to practice is the only way I can get where I want, albeit the frustration and feeling like a failure sometimes. By focusing on the end, I will not give up. You will owe it to your persistence to reach most goals.
This relates to the last point very much. As how I would doubt myself in my piano skill quest, I can feel fear creeps up on me that actually holds me back from practicing at times. It is very strange but that is what fear does to us. “Where is the end? I don’t see all the steps that take me to the goal.” With many possible failed steps in our path to reach a goal, staying persistent is one thing. One thing that will back up the persistence is to let go of the fear and just be in the moment of taking the step, trust that a new step will be revealed, which is somewhat analogous to having the end in mind and having persistence to kee you going. Trust in “the end” and don’t let fear steer you away from reaching it (but this is not saying we don’t take advice from otehrs).
The ideas I talked about is a little difficult to articulate, so you can somehow grasp them and make use of them.
Return to Oz, one of my favorite films of all time, continues to inspire and delight me after all these years. Fairuza Balk in her first ever role plays Dorothy, mentally affected from her return to the normal world after her exposure to Oz. Her family eventually takes her to a psychotherapist who administers electric-shock treatments in an eerie facility that looks more like a dungeon than a hospital. During a huge storm she manages to escape and awakes to find herself back in Oz, which has deteriorated drastically since she was there last. Her journey takes her to creepy characters such as the Wheeler's, Mombi, the witch with ever-changing heads, dancing women frozen to stone, in addition to new slightly deranged side kicks that help her along the way.
This film is packed with magical scenes, with beautiful landscape shots of a decayed Emerald City, fantasy characters in elaborate dress, and all the traditional key players in a new, darker and more disturbed setting. I was delighted to discover an artist that seems to share the same subtle appreciation. Alia Penner creates photography, illustrations and design that feel like extended frames from Return to Oz.
1 Pronunciation for Avani: AA as in "odd (AA.D)" ; V as in "vow (V.AW)" ; N as in "knee (N.IY)" ; IY as in "eat (IY.T)"
Avani is used mostly in the English and Indian languages, and its language of origin is Sanskrit. The name is of the meaning the good earth. The names Avanea name, Avanee name popularity, Avaney pronounciation, meaning of Avanie, short names for Avany, baby name Avanye, and name Evani are derivatives of Avani.
the African, Akan, and English Abana definition, the African and Akan Abena meaning of name, the name name Abenaa, the name meaning of Abenah, the name Abenee meaning of name, the name Abeney name popularity, the Yoruban what does the name Abeni mean, the name Abenie meaning and origin, the name name Abeny meaning, the Akan name Abina, the name Abinah name popularity, the name Abinaya meaning and origin, the name Abonee name popularity, the name Abony meaning of name, the name Abyna pronounciation, the name Abynah name, the name nicknames for Afina, the name what does the name Afinah mean, the French Apolline name variations, and the Hawaiian Apona meaning and origin.
The numerological value of the name Avani is number 2, which means cooperation, adaptability, consideration of others, partnering, mediating.
1 approx English pronunciation for Nalen: N as in "knee (N.IY)" ; AH as in "mud (M.AH.D)" ; L as in "lay (L.EY)"
the Apache short names for Nalin, the name name Naline, the name Nalyn pronounciation, the name nicknames for Nalyne, the name Naolin meaning and origin, the name name Nealam, the English nicknames for Neelam, the name short names for Nelam, the name what does the name Nelane mean, the English Nellianne name variations, the name Nellwin name popularity, the name Nellwyn pronounciation, the name Nellwynne name popularity, the name nicknames for Nelwin, the name meaning of Newlen, the name Newlenn meaning, the name Newlenne name popularity, the name Newlin pronounciation, the name Newlinn meaning, and the name Newlinne name variations.
Suzhou Bestar blow molding machinery a high-quality equipment suppliers and manufacturers.To provide you with extrusion blow molding/blow molding machine/automatic blow molding machine.
This sauce plastic bottle blow moulding machine can provide you with food and beverage packaging bottle blow molding machine.Series blow moulding machine can blow moulding: milk bottles,yogurt bottle, juice bottles,edible oil bottle,soy sauce pot,oil pot,motor oil bottle and engine oil bottles etc.
The Bestar Plastic Bottle Blow Moulding Machines module is the core components of plastic molting part which adopts the German technology. The Blow Moulding Machines extruders has improved output with grooved feed section and forced cooling method; barrel with ceramic heating ring with strong fan for cooling, thus ensuring the effective control of the temperature of each segment; the hardened gear box ensures long service life; the entire extrusion machine components are installed on the supporting platform, which is adjustable in order to suit for different die heads.
Bestar Plastic Bottle Blow Moulding Machines are suitable for laundry detergent,shampoo,detergent,lavatory fluid and other daily chemical blow moulding machines.
Separate cabinet for heavy and light current Isolation transformer protects PLC from damage caused by short circuit Embedded industrial air conditioner guarantees normal working of control system under terrible circumstance.
3-Layer Co-Extrusion Jerry Can Lubricant Oil Bottle Blow Molding Machine B10D-480 Two Stations Two Die Heads (With Video)
As Howard Taubman outlines the play: At the outset Quentin emerges, moves forward and seats himself on the edge of the stage and begins to talk, like a man confiding in a friend. In the background are key figures in his life, and they move in and out of his narrative.
The narration shades into scenes, little and big. They are revelations and illuminations. They remind Que
Summary: The collection contains correspondence between John Newton, clergyman and hymn writer ("Amazing Grace"), and John Campbell, philanthropist, author, and traveller. Portions of the letters were published by Campbell in "Letters and conversational remarks, by the late Rev. John Newton, rector of St. Mary Woolnoth, Lombard-street, London: during the last eighteen years of his life." The collection contains 36 letters written by John Newton to John Campbell and copies of seven letters from Newton to recipients other than Campbell. All letters date between 1789 and 1802.
On the occasion of Navratri, we offer some special sweets to attract more and more customers. These offerings are not regular to bring a change in the menu and provide something different, we offer these Navratri special sweets
We cater a huge number of renowned clients from all across the globe, at the time of Ganesh Chaturthi we present some special offerings from our side. These special sweets are presented in extremely alluring way with silver paper designing.
On the special occasions like Diwali, we offer some special sweets, which are prepared by our experienced staff. These special offerings are widely demanded by our customers at the time of such occasions.
CH Enterprises is the home of Calamity Hathaway Creations, Calamity's Haute Models Agency, CH Runway Show Productions, CH Modeling Academy and the CH PhotoStudio all located within the virtual world of Second Life.
Allow CH Enterprises to help promote your virtual or real life products, business or nonprofit organization with a fashion event at your venue or ours! CH Enterprises can help broaden your brand recognition or build your customer base with customized fashion events. Whether you need just a few models for a photoshoot, help planning an in-store event or an entire runway show produced just for you, our passion for fashion can fit into your marketing plan and budget.
Our runway shows can be produced for experienced or new designers of clothing, hair or accessories, alone or in multiple-designer shows. Calamity's Haute Models agency is known for providing highly trained male and female models experienced in runway shows, designer parties, in-store promotional events, customer greeting, machinama, clothing fairs and photoshoots for print media and advertising. Calamity has put her experience and reputation as a fashion model into CH Enterprises and endeavors to provide clients with professionally produced events and models who are dedicated and enthusiastic about their assignments. Calamity was trained by the very best in the SL fashion industry and passes that valuable knowledge on to models and clients.
We have modeled the fabulous designs of Lady Thera, Blaze, Fleur Skins Vivant, Silent Sparrow, Calico Creations, Nicky Ree, the House of Rfyre, KessKreations, Baiastice, DeLa, Digit Darkes, Nyla Cheeky, Stiletto Moody, Ingenue, Icing, Chayanna Thatcher, DebbiesWay Baker, Sassy Secrets, CherryPop Bling, Tori-Wear, DollyRock, Bare Rose, Sc Design, DBS Heart, Shiny Things, Ambergris Deadly Fashions and many more. Other clients have included event planners, mall and store owners, group and club owners and charity event organizers.
Come see my booth at the Fair and enjoy all the the fun and shopping that this year's Fair has to offer!
Above after the Darkness Calls show, (from left to right) CHM Supermodel Rhonda, CHM Bad Boyz model Tye, CHM Supermodel Veronica, CHM CEO Calamity Hathaway, CHM Bad Boyz model Olaf Barbosa. Congratulations to all involved in making this show one of our very best ever! The audience loved it all; the music, the fabulous nontraditional runway setting designed and built by Olaf Barbosa, the clothes designed by Ambergris, the CHM Agency models and the outstanding script by Vivienne Darcy, show organizer. More photos will be posted on Flicker and the Ambergris Deadly Fashions blog. Photo by Rhonda!
~~~Aspiring models should contact Bella Begonia, CHM Staff Manager, to receive a CHM agency application and to schedule an interview. All applications are reviewed. All interviews include a runway audition.
~~~CHM does not require exclusivity. Why? We are here because we enjoy SL fashion! We celebrate the happiness and successes of our models. CHM models receive the support and encouragement of the CHM staff and fellow models in all of their modeling career endeavors, including work in other agencies and contest achievements. CHM does not exist to compete with or disrespect other agencies. We have many friends and associates in other agencies and enjoy SL fashion to its fullest. Applicants beware: No drama or negativity is tolerated. Kindness and respect is mandatory.
CEO of CH Enterprises, supermodel, fashion show & event producer, writer, editor, master jeweler, public relations agent, toy poodle owner, SL fashion enthusiast!
Signup for important alerts & News Sign Up Today! This is how you can learn about short notice auctions!
As life changes, eventually there will come a time when you’ll probably have to move, downsize, or liquidate a loved one’s estate. You don’t have to go through it alone, however. Hopefully these tips will help you get organized and give you ideas on how to manage the process. Take baby steps Liquidating an estate… Read more »
It’s been a wonderful award year for us here at Cal Auctions. First it was the award for Excellence in Estate Sale Marketing from EstateSale.com, and now we’ve been given an award for Excellence in Estate Liquidation from Mega Estate Sales. For those who don’t know, Mega Estate Sales is a site that helps people… Read more »
Liquidating an estate can be relatively easy or it can be highly challenging. It all depends on what route you decide to take and what you have a tolerance for. Here are several options to consider: Have a yard sale If you have the time on the weekend (or several weekends because not everything sells… Read more »
Cal Auctions & Estate Sales was formed in 2011 to provide online auction services for the commercial and estate community. Trained in the live auction method of selling, we realized that selling assets online to the ultimate consumer was what we did best. With our innovative processes, we pride ourselves in being able to sell just about anything. Entering into our 3rd year in business, we strive to stay on the cutting edge of the online auction industry. What can we help you sell? Or buy?
Get the fast, affordable towing services you need in a vehicle emergency, 24-hours a day! Call us or use the online form below for further information about our services.
© 2018 YP Intellectual Property LLC. All rights reserved. YP, the YP logo and all other YP marks contained herein are trademarks of YP Intellectual Property LLC and/or YP affiliated companies. All other marks contained herein are the property of their respective owners.
Calcutta Business School: AIMA’s 39th National Competition for Young Managers & AIMA’s 10th National Competition For Management Students.
AIMA’s 39th National Competition for Young Managers & AIMA’s 10th National Competition For Management Students.
http://www.peoplematters.in/events/upcoming-events/aimas-39th-national-competition-for-young-managers_and_aimas-10th-national-competition-for-management-students?event=421
Calcutta Business School is an autonomous institute offering an AICTE approved two-year fully residential Post Graduate Diploma in Management (PGDM) program and several Executive and Management Development Programs. The school, modelled on some of the top ranking Business Schools in the world, is located on a sprawling 15 acres fully residential, eco-friendly and 'intelligent' campus on the outskirts of Kolkata. The campus is rated among the largest dedicated Business School campuses in India. The infrastructure consists of various dedicated edifices like Management Academy, Management Development & Research Cell, Seminar Halls, Administrative Building and Student Residences. All students, faculty and staff members have access to state-of-the-art library and data centre, wireless high speed connectivity to internet and licensed IT software and databases. The campus also has facilities for various indoor and outdoor games and sports. Calcutta Business School has been set up and managed by SHIKSHAYATAN FOUNDATION (formerly Marwari Balika Vidyalaya Society),It was founded in 1920.
Fair Odd Limit: 2.70, Stake 14/30, Score 0-1, P/L: +30.80 Units...This was a betvirus.com paid subscriber tip in partner site 98club.info members section. Benefit now from your subscription in betvirus and earn triple...
Almost two decades ago, investors were pretty full of themselves … as many stocks were soaring … and television was ripe with commercials touting how anyone (including an island-owning tow truck driver) could make millions just by doing something as simple as picking stocks. Sports bars had scrolling stock prices on the televisions and almost every conversation led toward the money-making idea of the day … make that … of the hour.
Interestingly, a voice questioned the run-up in tech stocks … Warren Buffett … who told investors to be careful. And what did he get in return? Articles in magazines such as Barron’s asking (1998): “What’s Wrong, Warren” … and Bloomberg and Forbes both asking (1999) “Has Buffett Lost His Touch?” … and MarketWatch giving the opinion that “Mr. Buffett Has No Clothes.”
Not only did Mr. Buffett end up looking pretty snazzy in his outfit, but hindsight allowed many pundits to reestablish him as the greatest investor of our time.
But lessons are easily forgotten and I noticed comments by the 37 year-old CEO of Betterment advising us that Warren Buffett’s advice “doesn’t work anymore.” While I like and applaud what his firm has accomplished, I wouldn’t be so fast to announce myself as discounting advice given by “The Oracle of Omaha.” When those previous articles panning Mr. Buffett were written, this CEO was working at the Dunster Grill in his ungraduated house at Harvard. Maybe he somehow missed reading about that other time this legend’s advice was ridiculed.
Today is a very special day … as it is National Pancake Day … and I certainly know where I will be at lunchtime!
What IHOP is doing is giving people a free stack of pancakes and asking, in return … with no obligation … a donation toward some very important charities (including Shriners, Children’s Miracle Network and Leukemia and Lymphoma Society). Heck, even if you don’t need the pancakes (and few of us really do) just stopping by and making a donation could help. And you might think a couple of dollars won’t matter much … but realize it might help make one child’s life brighter for even a few moments … and that, in itself, is worth all the money (or flapjacks) in the world.
Think the market has gotten a bit ahead of itself so far this year? If you do, you would be joining a host of hedge fund managers who are positioning themselves for – what they see as – rough waters ahead (Bloomberg)
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-03-07/hedge-funds-gird-for-stock-selloff-as-valuations-rattle-nerves
… and in rough times, people look toward advice from an experienced hand … and in the U.S. that typically means Warren Buffett. But one person claims his advice doesn’t work anymore. Someone with limited experience (CNBC)
The U.S. has been having a tough time of it in other areas … as its ranking as best country in the world has fallen a few places. Maybe I’ll go visit my friend Janine in Canada. Today’s her birthday (USAToday)
One of the highest costs of the future will, of course, be health care … but it is not cancer that might be the source of our country’s financial woes … it is Alzeheimers … and the growth is staggering (CNN)
How can you reduce traffic jams? Guess what? Drive slower. Keeping a steady pace can help with traffic flow and help avoid the congestion many of us see during our daily commute (Joelcomm)
… but this little problem might take care of itself in a few years … if self-driving cars hit the roads. Think it is a long way away? California is already experimenting with buses (Reuters)
… but this means, of course, there might be no need at all for a bus driver … as automation may reduce employment not only on the manufacturing line, but behind the wheel as well (CNBC)
… yet we might think this doesn’t really affect us … if we are not in the transport industry … but it does affect us greatly … as very few jobs appear to be safe from the move towards robots (NYPost)
There is one bright note for today … as it is National Pancake Day! This means I will break off my one-day diet at lunch time and hop over to IHOP to celebrate. (Time)
Hello everyone, this is webcam sex milf ANNELIESEX here. I'm 21 year old Female speak English and Spanish in the mature live sex chat action. Hi! I`m Anneliese, the perfect brunette! I am fun,sexy,naughty and entertaining. I like the nice things in life and I like to give a little back to..I am hot,adventurous and saucy... I`m tall,lazy, beautiful, long legs, natural, stocking, heels, brunette, curvy, cutest smile and an ass to die for! Playful, creative and a real online friend! Join me now!. i love sexy strip and play with you is my expertise and also what I will do in private mature live sex show. I have Brown eyes, Long Black hairs and my measurements are 88-62-99. For Turn ons: I get turned on when you tell me how much you would kiss me all over my body! Also your cam helps, if you have one, turn it on for me!. For TurnsOff: I dislike rudeness, asking for things when you know which button you must push first!. If you prefer kinks, then Piercings,Shaved, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u in my milf sex chat room! :)
CO-0.40-0.22 is a cloud of gas located very near the center of the Milky Way galaxy. It is estimated to contain ~4000 times the Sun’s mass. Observations of CO-0.40-0.22 show that the gas in the gas cloud is moving too rapidly for the self-gravity of the gas cloud to hold itself together. Furthermore, the gas cloud itself is also moving very fast. These kinematic signatures suggest that CO-0.40-0.22 is being “gravitationally kicked” by an invisible compact object with ~100,000 times the Sun’s mass.
The lack of counterparts at other wavelengths indicates that the motion of CO-0.40-0.22 cannot be due to expansion driven by the death of massive stars in supernova explosions, or by the gravitational acceleration from a dense and massive cluster of stars. As a result, an intermediate-mass black hole (IMBH) is the most likely explanation for an invisible point-like mass with ~100,000 times the Sun’s mass. Such an IMBH could have formed through the runaway merger of massive stars at the center of a dense cluster of stars, or it was once the central black hole of a dwarf galaxy that got ingested by the Milky Way galaxy.
Fiecare femeie isi construieste propria garderoba tinand cont atat de personalitatea sa, cat si de stilul sau de viata. Pe langa aceste variabile, mai exista si tendintele fiecarui sezon. Am putut observa cum in garderoba noastra si-au facut loc din ce in ce mai multe influente traditionale. Bineinteles ca a venit vremea sa ne gandim si la genti de piele traditionale. Ele pot fi simplu introduse in tinutele noastre de zi cu zi. Insa atunci cand achizitionam o astfel de geanta trebuie sa tinem cont de cateva aspecte.
attractive delta shower faucet or delta bt13010 chrome foundations pressure balanced mixing valve trim and cartridge with monitor technology faucetcom 65 delta shower faucet instructions.
Outdoors. The Bay at Grand River is just down the hill from the Casino and includes six cabins, a convenience store, campground, two boat ramps with access to Lake Oahe and a fish cleaning station. The Dakota Dunes Phone call roulette is casino near o2 arena on the historical Whitecap First Nation, 20 minutes south of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, on highway 219. Casino near o2 arena Dakota also has nearly 300 species of birds.
Bald and golden eagles are found in ever-increasing numbers along the Missouri River valley and in the Badlands. Located just south of Saskatoon, on the historic Whitecap Dakota First Nation lands at the heights of the South Saskatchewan River Valley Basin, Dakota Dunes Golf Links is laid spaciously throughout natural sand dune formations and the indigenous prairie grasses that surround its edges.
Ching Chiat Kwong on Forbes. Property magnate Ching Chiat Kwong runs Oxley Holdings, known for building shoebox apartments across Singapore The half marathon course begins on Cty K just east of East Buckatabon Lake Road where the course continues south to East Hunter Lake Road and onto Boot Lake Road, then east on County G before the final leg runs along Adams Road, Illinois Street and onto Michigan Street finishing south of the bridge after crossing over the Eagle River … Are you feeling lucky.
Enjoy 540 of the best slot themes casino near o2 arena Video Poker Machines in Marquette, Iowa. We have an entire room of Video Poker Machines here at Casino … May 22, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Carrie Dempsey was bubbly and bright. The cheerful quot;Coupon Queenquot; led penny-pinching seminars at local libraries and had a warm, fluttering laugh often described as contagious.
She was healthy and active, a regular in fitness classes at the North Tampa YMCA. Yet the 42-year-old mother of two was the. Students The TRINITY CHOIR is a FINALIST in 103. 3 KLOU FOREIGNER CHOIR ROCKSTAR CONTEST. The Trinity Choir, led by Mrs. Carmen Rose, is a finalist to perform onstage with Foreigner at Hollywood Casino Amphitheater. The Most Holy Trinity, May 27, 2018 Gathering Song: 290 Lord, You Give the Great Commission CP: 299 Gloria 37 CP: 132 Presentation and.
Questerium: Sinister Trinity for iPad, iPhone, Android, Mac amp; PC. Detective, it is your job to destroy the evil machine that is tearing the city casino near o2 arena and arrest the crazed professor responsible for the destruction!. Trinity Capital Investment provides equipment lease financing as well as senior and que son los slots y para que sirven venture loans casino foret noire growing venture capital-backed startups.
Shipley ( ˈ ʃ ɪ p l i SHIP-lee) is a town and commuter-suburb within the City of Bradford, West Yorkshire, England, by the River Aire and the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, north of Casino near o2 arena.
Vertrek vroeg en dan ben je er in de loop van de middag of ga rijden na de files en je kunt zo aanschuiven aan tafel. Old Friends retired racehorse Tour of the Cat passes away. Old Friends Equine Retirement recently announced the death of multiple graded stakes-winning Tour … Franmara, Inc. is a manufacturer and master distributor of corkscrews, barware and wine accessories. The company was established in 1970. Franmara does not sell directly to the public. Margaret Mizushima is the author of the Timber Creek K-9 mysteries, which includes Killing Trail (Crooked Lane Books, 2015) nominated for an RT Reviewers Choice award for best first mystery, Stalking Ground (Crooked Lane Books, 2016) a finalist in the Colorado Book Awards mystery category, and Hunting Hour (Crooked Lane Books, … Question 428 What about the Left Hand of God. I have been studying about THE RIGHT HAND of God. Can you speak about the left hand of God. Can you explain Is. 45:6,7 in more detail. They love to spoil their lover with expensive dining, gifts, luxuries and entertainment. They spare no expense when it comes to love, investing in the best of everything. An amazing game, entirely drawn on paper. You are Sketchman, on a mission mermaid queen slots free save his life in the havoc of Paperland. Run as far as you can, […] FREE Etch a Sketch Game now draw virtually online using the arrow keys on your keyboard. Press 2 casino near o2 arena arrows keys to draw curced and diagonal lines with free etch a sketch game. Take the poll: Who does Casino near o2 arena Daniels' dozens and columns roulette system look like. Casino near o2 arena does the man Stormy raffle ticket gambling says threatened her look like. Series creator Robert Kirkman prepares us for what lies ahead in The Walking Dead Party poker restricted money 5. Magali Marin Harrahs casino tunica phone number amp; Co. Belize Intuition gambling. Global Marketing proudly launches Magali Marin Young amp; Co. website. Our goal was to develop a user friendly site that will provide you with the casino near o2 arena you need when you need Watch Old Doctor Fucks Woman On Gyno Exam While her Husband Was Casino near o2 arena Casino msc opera Room at rnoPo. com - free hardcore porn videos and amateur sex tapes. A casino near o2 arena rental for an poker violette price. The State Dock 600 has been a long time favorite by casino near o2 arena rental customers. We thought it was time to give this popular boat a fresh face lift that would bring out the best features of this boat. Jeu Mahjong connect v1. 3 Jeux de mahjong gt; (Jeux de r233;flexion) - Jouer d232;s maintenant et gratuitement 224; ce jeu. La historia real de una familia vasca que durante 17 a241;os dio la vuelta al mundo en barco. Santiago Gonz225;lez Zunzundegui. Editorial Debate 2001. Las medidas de ajuste econ243;mico propuestas. En las primeras semanas de 2010, la ansiedad sobre los niveles excesivos de deuda en algunos pa237;ses de la UE y, m225;s generalmente, sobre la salud del euro se ha propagado desde Irlanda y Grecia a Portugal, Espa241;a e Italia. Mothers Day is May 13th this year and if you live in or will be in the Phoenix area ( like Scottsdale, Chandler, Tempe, Mesa, Peoria, Glendale… Madison Chandler, 25, of Columbus Junction, passed away on Friday, April 6, 2018 at the University of Iowa Hospital and Clinics. Visitation for Madis Joseph Francis quot;Joeyquot; Tribbiani, Jr. is a fictional character from the NBC sitcoms Friends and its spin-off Joey, and is portrayed by Matt LeBlanc. He is an Italian-American struggling actor who used to live in New York City with his roommate and best friend, Chandler … Discover the facts about epilepsy and seizures, including that you cant swallow your tongue during a seizure.
Gold heart print dances across a princess pink tunic, while puffed detailing on the sleeves gives this top a regal finish. This 2-piece tunic and leggings set comes complete with a cute set of charcoal leggings, embroidered with heart buttons on the outer ankle. FINAL SALE
Lo straordinario successo delle prime rudimentali macchine automatiche che rivoluzionarono il modo di ascolare la musica
Founded in 1823, Monroe is an outstanding community of nearly 20,000 residents. Monroe offers award-winning schools, safe neighborhoods, beautiful parks, and growth in local business and industry. We offer the convenience of several restaurants and retail shopping while maintaining a New England, small-town charm.
Thank you for visiting the Monroe website; we continue to make more information and services available online. If you have any suggestions to improve our site, please contact me.
In observance of Memorial Day Monroe Town Hall Offices, Library, Senior Citizen Center, Food Pantry, Highway Department, Garder Road Landfill and the Spring Hill Road Transfer Station will be closed on Monday, May 28, 2018.
Please note: Garder Road Landfill and the Spring Hill Road Transfer Station will be open on Saturday, May 26, 2018.
Copyright © 2018 Town of Monroe, Connecticut. All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Powered by
Day 1 of turf building at Tyrfingsstaðir with Helgi Sigurðsson of Fornverk ehf: Our brief for the week
round pole timbers and to be used for meat smoking in the future. This was part of a complex of turf
buildings belonging to the family who still worked the land, the matriarch Kristin having been born in
have since become a place for tourists to visit and for students of turf such as ourselves to practice
The NET project is a Key Action 1 project for Staff and is funded by the Erasmus+ programme, which is sponsored by the European Union. NET offered the Turf Building Course through The Firm of Arch Ltd to those working within the natural and cultural heritage sectors in Scotland to work with Byggðasafn Skagfirðinga, and their network partners in Iceland. The Firm of ARCH (Archnetwork) was established in 2001 and works in the field of nature conservation, management and interpretation of natural and cultural heritage in Scotland and across Europe. In the NET project ARCH works with a consortium of Scottish organisations.
This exchange included eight participants from Scotland from a range of heritage backgrounds including architecture, archaeology, traditional buildings skills, volunteering, conservation, attractions management and heritage interpretation. The group was composed of:
 Our hosts were representatives from Byggðasafn Skagfirðinga: Bryndís Zoëga, Guðný Zoëga, Sigríður Sigurðardóttir (Retired Director and instigator of the Turf Buildings reconstructions in and around Skagafjordur), Berglind Þorsteinsdóttir (The Current Director)
We also met Fidelma Mullane an architect from Ireland who is researching the use of turf under thatch in Irish vernacular houses, she was an additional guest invited by Byggðasafn Skagfirðinga, and accompanied us for several days.
Arrival and visit to Reykjavík: Our first trip was to “The Settlement Exhibition” (871 ±2), built around
over the exhibition. This very interesting display of the longhouse in its original situation clearly
Travel to Sauðárkrókur: After a very welcome late breakfast and with jetlag setting in, we set off on a
four hour drive, through a remarkably long tunnel and heading towards Skagafjordur, our hub for turf
Visit to Hólardomkirkja: This is the first stone cathedral built in Iceland and much of the wood has
some of the treasures in the church, the font for instance is thought to have been recarved hundreds
of years after its original construction (see picture below left). She spoke at length about the history
seeing the structure of the turf cuttings and how they aged. This range of turf buildings is thought to
date from the 19th century and is of the North Icelandic type, with forward facing timber gables along the front elevation and rear buildings at right angles to a central corridor. The complex has
Lunch at Storu Akrar: This range of turf buildings was in existence in 1737 and has associations with
congregations. The staff were very friendly, interested in our visit and excited to show us around the
building. Helgi first introduced us to turf cutting techniques and how to use the turf scythe down in
the boggy lower fields. The three main building blocks we would be learning to work with were called
• Learning to identify the best areas for turf cutting and what specific plants to look out for is key to
building something which will last for many decades. Inferior turf may last for twenty to thirty years
that the “turf” is more like Scottish peat than turf, but with a higher sand and clay content to give
hands just how difficult it is to cut the turf to shapes required. Many of our first attempts although still
We learned how to identify older parts of the remaining building which needed to be cut out (because
After reaching the eaves of the timber framework for the roof we then started work turffing the roof
using older, drier torfa for the first roof layers, these were leftovers from work carried out by another
team in the spring, so were drier and much more fibrous than the peaty cuttings we had been cutting.
Day 3 turf building: The first part of the day consisted of cutting our roofing turf using a two handled
standard and slightly lens shaped in cross section. We cut long strips of around 36 m which were cut
into smaller sections of around 1.2m by spade and loaded onto the tractor for transport up the hill.
Helgi explained that this cutter was really best used for the roof turf as it cuts to a specific depth and
width in long swathes which we could then cut to length for the roof. These roof turfs were cut from
the cultivated turf in the fields and was more root filled and less peaty. The roots would grow to bind
We completed the six layers of overlapping roofing turf to much satisfaction, three layers with grass
blocks), various other Snidda (turf is usually exposed) and Glaumber Naus (row of joined parallelogram
shaped blocks). These techniques for building free standing walls in Iceland go back for centuries and
To finish our turf building experience, we were invited to a massive cakefest at Kristín and Sigurður’s
modern farm house at Tyrfingsstaðir. Kristin really spoiled us with the variety and amount of food on
museum for many years and we saw artifacts in place to describe the uses of the rooms. The traditional
gable end of one building had flame symbols at the top of the gable to show the priest’s room in the
to the eaves to prevent fire in the walls. Communal sleeping rooms were usually lined with wood with
room (possibly with children in the same room). Amazingly this building did not feel damp despite the
recent finding of a Viking Long house in the meadow to the east of Glaumbaer closer to the river, it
Horse riding at Lytingsstadir and The Old Stable: While some of the group took an opportunity to ride
on the beautiful Icelandic horses, others visited a small turf stables, constructed by Helgi our Master
accompanied the visit where visitors are encouraged to handle the many original objects housed there,
Bathing at “the muddy pool” as Helgi calls it – Fosslaug hot spring at Reykjafoss waterfall. Helgi was
Geysir is also in the “golden circle” of the south east of Iceland where the two continents are spreading
apart creating and area of hot springs and geysers. Geysir is the original, and the name is the origin of
our word for geysers, though it is now nearly dormant (it does apparently still occasionally erupt), but
obviously very popular as a destination as we also observed helicopters touring around and stopping to
Gullfoss, famous as a film location this was not at its most violent (usually in the spring) though still an
amazing sight. The sunset which started as we left for our journey back to Keflavik was still colourful
2 hours later due to the long Icelandic summer days and gave an amazing view of the moon rising over
Our visit to Eastern Slovakia consisted of a small group of 4 participants, plus our guide Miroslav Knezo, and Libby Urquhart from Arch | read more
In May 2018 a group of 8 Scottish conservation professionals visited Eastern Slovakia with Miro Knezo of Krajina. This film is a rec | read more
Group report from the 2018 group who visited Evenstad in Norway. You can read their newspaper report here in Pdf format evenstad-ec | read more
The participants of the Cyprus visit take part in the great Adobe brick making contest, and along the way encounter silver smiths, mosa | read more
Group Report for the Erasmus + Structured Adult Education for Staff Course NET 4 Managing our Natural and Cultural Heritage Assets – “ | read more
Introduction and Finnish Forestry Overview Over two-thirds of Finland is forest cover. This expanse of forest cover may be one of the reasons most of the population seems to be well connected to nature, because most people live within reach of nature. Not only do people live near nature, but many are able to own a small piece of it as much of the forested area is owned by private persons. Accessibility is also important because many people are able to use the forest, even if they do not own any forests themselves. Subject to certain rules and regulations, people are able to use the forest and the wildlife within it as a renewable resource for wood products, hunting and foraging. Above all, most Finnish people strongly value the link between being in nature and good health.
The course themes were far ranging, from large carnivore management, including hunting legislation and how people live with together with these animals as neighbours; forestry adaptations to climate change, covering the wind storm in the High Tatras, where the bark beetle is now thriving to the detriment of the forest; forestry methods, namely horse logging where is was a huge advantage having our very own horse logger to explain how the methods were similar to that in Scotland and across Europe.
Group report from the 2018 group who visited Evenstad in Norway. You can read their newspaper report here in Pdf format evenstad-echo-11.pdf
The participants of the Cyprus visit take part in the great Adobe brick making contest, and along the way encounter silver smiths, mosaic artists, lace makers, and pottery makers.
We have returned home from our trip to Bulgaria refreshed with new ideas and an insight into how other European countries approach connecting communities with their natural and historical environment. Bulgaria takes a holistic approach by including arts, heritage, festivals, folklore and history into their engagement around our natural and cultural heritage. They encourage their citizens to engage in crafts using inspiration from the natural world, to appreciate the intrinsic value of nature and to conserve special places for future generations.
Our short but fabulous visit to central Bulgaria, demonstrated without any doubt that the Bulgarian people maintain, and continue to foster, a deep and genuine respect for their identity through their cultural heritage. Their high regard for ancient traditional skills and crafts are embraced with a proud consideration, and this is ultimately clearly demonstrated by the way they incorporate ancient traditional skills and crafts into modern day life.
The challenge for the people that live in the small houses, farms, villages and towns within and around the Central Balkan National Park and on the Devetaki Plateau is to keep their connection with nature. To hang on to it whilst embarking on the journey to market and promote their diverse heritage. To enjoy it and allow others to do so as development and tourism in this fascinating country inevitably grows.
The trip has also given me ideas of what festivals I could consider planning around peatlands – incorporating things like folk music and culture like we saw with the Plum Festival on the first day. These seasonal festivals provide a link back to nature, its products and its importance to local communities.
Through combining both of these aspects into the trip, which are perhaps often seen somewhat as contrasting ways to understand the biodiversity, whilst additionally learning about the rich history and traditions of the country, this has provided a valuable insight into how well-rounded disseminating information can be done, integrating many perspectives for understanding the environment into a single day alone to link together and catch the attention of visitors when communicating conservation to the public.
So what lessons to draw? That deer numbers have to be significantly reduced if we are ever to restore our environment and its wildlife in Scotland, is hardly a revelation. But the destination – where rich, native forests are compatible with human needs and where people have a real connection with nature – should surely be one worth striving for.
This gives an idea of how connected folk were in the past with where plants grew, when they flowered, when they set seed, and what beneficial properties they reputedly had in days before mass-produced pharmaceuticals were available.
I found it particularly inspiring that the Devetaki Plateau Association, as a small collective, could reach beyond its own borders and the EU to find support for its mission in the Swiss & American agencies discussed earlier. Although we can hardly compare the wealth of Scotland to that of Bulgaria, I can’t help but wonder whether the challenges we could all face from Brexit may see us reach out to partners beyond our own conservation neighbourhood.
The Fine Coating System (FCS) especially developed for micro precision drills keeps edges sharp, allowing excellent cutting performance and wear resistance.
"If Americans ever allow banks to control the issue of their currency, first by inflation and then by deflation, the banks will deprive the people of all property until their children will wake up homeless."
They say that good things always come in threes. This seems to be the case with everything apart from horsemen and unsolvable physics problems. As such, it stands to reason that my life is almost entirely devoid of triples, and instead stands as a somewhat morbidly whimsical chain of singular events. While one could perhaps argue otherwise, I find that most of the links in this chain can be traced back to an event which not only occurred no more than once, but also left most of the involved parties feeling dismayed or regretful because of their participation. In my circles, I would refer to this event as my birth.
From an early age, I both shunned society and kept to my own devices. I was not a particularly brilliant child: I began to speak at the normal stage, started walking at a suitable time and, in due course, morphed through my pupal stages into an awkward teenager. It was here that I developed both an insatiable thirst for knowledge and the ability to insinuate myself into any situation, whether it warranted my attention or not. Throughout my schooling career, I spied on my classmates, disseminated rumours, stalked neighbours and ran a surprisingly tight surveillance ship for one of my age.
I am not a nice person. Let me make that entirely clear. Of the two foolish enough to brook a relationship with me, both ended their lives uncharacteristically early. No, I didn’t kill them. Not directly, at least. The first washed her torn love and misery down with a cocktail of sleeping pills and tequila; the second drove his car off a cliff in a blind rage. Learn from them: you cannot fix or repair me in any way. I am not broken. Despite my dismissive nature, my diminutive patience, my sordid proclivities or my violent outbursts, I am not some damaged individual to be changed or ‘saved’. Nothing is wrong with me.
By choice, or as a side effect of my repulsive persona, I now embody the word ‘pariah’. Those who are not my friends know me as Fletcher. The unstable individuals who claim to be closer to me know me as K. My full name is entirely irrelevant: simply a handle to which one can staple crimes and glories. You will not learn it; even I sometimes feel as if I have forgotten it. To the vast, uncaring universe, I am either K Fletcher or nothing at all.
I’ve learned many things over the course of my life. I know that a jumper never goes head first, that a good lie is ninety percent truth, and that a knife will scare a story out of someone far faster than a gun. I’ve discovered that every man, woman and dog has a price, and that this price is lower than most people ever expect. I’ve found out, first hand, that napalm is far more fun than advertised, and that chloroform, while old-fashioned, manages to do a pretty good job. Most importantly, I’ve realized that any problem—regardless of size—can be solved with the suitable application of murder or explosives.
There are very few people who could say that 2012 was a fun year. No one denies that. But what no one seems to remember is that the world was a nasty place before 2012, and it is an increasingly nasty place afterwards. I guess that’s where I come in, to remind you that humanity didn’t change. It just took off a mask and revealed the grinning flesh beneath.
I’ve noticed something peculiar about people and their blankets. Their warmth and comfort seems proportional to two things: directly to the amount of work scheduled for that day, and indirectly to the chance of being shanked by a smirking psychopath.
I stared at the motionless figure. I was standing in a house listed under the name of one Clive Jackson, a middle class accountant who worked for the government. However, multiple things were strangely out of place. Even for an accountant, the house was particularly lifeless. Art dotted the walls, but it was fully devoid of anything remotely personal. The heavy locks and aggressive security measures were just rude.
I cleared my throat pointedly. The effect was both immediate and amusing. His arms splayed in opposite directions before his eyes even finished opening. Right hand to the bedside table: raise the revolver and fire. One click, two clicks. The first misfire was all he needed to realize that I had sabotaged his weapon—the second was simply a product of instinct. The left hand closed around the handle of a knife that wasn’t there. This all happened over the course of half a second. Shoot first, hide in legal jargon and government identity nets later—that was always Vincent’s style. The analysis followed the embarrassing thrashing—he added together my luxuriant pose, my trench coat and—more importantly—the snide grin etched into my face. He spat out words, as if shocked and appalled by their taste.
He overlooked this fact and continued with his interrogation. “How did you find me? And how the hell did you get in?”
“Clive? Seriously? You sound like a trucker. I would have hoped to find you under a classier, more suitable alias. Like ‘Michelle’. Your security system is outdated and the locks on the doors were just a joke. If I weren’t such a nice person…”
My tone was laced with a potent dose of snark. It felt like I was dragging verbal barbed wire through mental tiramisu.
Vincent’s eyebrows stormed towards the centre of his face, cresting over his dark brown eyes. He was angry at my intrusion—of that there was no doubt. On some level, though, I also saw that a part of him was glad to see me.
Vincent and I had a long history. We’ve both tried to kill the other before. I almost succeeded, to boot: a minor victory I didn’t let him forget. Despite this, we’ve worked together on more occasions than I can count. He’s often called upon my services for tracking, surveillance and more, and feeds me with official information outside my reach. The biggest aspect of our friendship was that we were both without love or compassion for one another. Without personalities to analyze and care about, our relationship was based on mutual abuse, violence, power plays and occasional professional courtesy. We both understood that our careers would occasionally cross paths, and neither bore a grudge when it did.
They say that a friend will help you move house, but a good friend will help you move bodies. To all extents and purposes, Vincent was a good friend.
Now that the initial shock had worn off, and the chance of being shanked seemed relatively low, Vincent had settled into an uneasy recline. He repeated his previous question.
Perfectly maintained teeth ground against each other: “Then. Tell. Me.” This was spoken in a way that unquestionably capitalized each word into its own angry little sentence.
I took a deep breath. Despite our posturing, asking anyone for help with personal cases was difficult. Even Vincent. No, especially Vincent. The room was still for a noticeable stretch before I spoke again.
“I need a coroner’s report. And a sample of DNA—a hair, some blood, anything. I’d get it myself, but I’m strapped for time and for some reason the morgue is sealed tighter than a nun’s virtue. Never seen so many suited spooks in a university hospital before.”
The grin was now devouring most of Vincent’s face. He had the uncanny ability to show every single one of his teeth while still managing to look condescending rather than stupid.
“You know I’d hate to ruin such nice attire with blood. It stains, you know. Total nightmare to get out.”
“I need to get to the body before it vanishes. You have the authority to walk in there and do just that. I’d have to forge documents, get clearances, ready my mop. I don’t have time for that.”
I did not appreciate the gesture, and spoke again so as to intercept the inevitable lecture. “Don’t say it. I know your opinion on the boy. No—I’m not in love with him. No—I’m not insane. Just do this for me. Please?” I despised my tone, but this was more important than an ego war. I tried to soften the request.
“I promise not to stab you for another month, at least. Probably. Unless I really want to. Or I’m bored. Or lonely. Or—”
He stiffened and almost argued, but I stepped in and placed a finger on his lips. This action was instantly regretted: the long lacerations down the back of my hand were clear, even in the murk of the room. I withdrew swiftly, but Vincent did not relax.
“Get off your high horse.” I snapped. “It’s not like I killed the pope. Though, he is on my list. Just because you wreath your lethal urges in government-sanctioned murder doesn’t mean you can judge me for not doing the same.”
Silence lingered for a few seconds before I stood to leave. Vincent opened his mouth as if to say something, but caught himself at the last moment. I didn’t have time for this.
The early-morning glow filtered cautiously through the gutted buildings as I walked home, as if even the light thought twice about venturing here. To be fair, I guess you could call this place a bad neighbourhood. To the unwary, all gutterages were dangerous. Gutterage. The name coined by the military soon after the dust and smoke settled. Most cities had at least one; many had even become one. It was used to describe those areas where the filth and scum has risen from the gutters to take the land. Looters and pillagers, rapists, thugs and hired hands, thieves, vandals and mercenaries alike, all fighting viciously over whatever valuables and prey they could find.
Cities burned, military cordons appeared from nowhere and districts were sealed up and quarantined from the rest of society. Until the world had worked out the rest of their troubles, this is exactly how they would stay: festering hives of humanity’s grinning flesh and blood. There was no real authority here, no law nor vice save the rules of survival. I think in a pre-2012 world that would qualify as a ‘bad neighbourhood’.
However, there were certain factors that I needed to take into account. While the rules of the gutterage were those of survival, the laws of the government zones involved high-powered military weaponry and a lot of bullets. My ego may be large to say the least, but I’m well aware that one of my few flaws is not being made of Kevlar. One did not take a simple stroll outside curfew times without becoming a veritable lead magnet, and so my lair in the gutterage had become my primary haunt.
I’m generally left alone as I traverse the broken streets. I don’t know why; my wiry build would usually attract potential attackers. Maybe it’s just that: someone striding so purposefully through a place which literally has no purpose is enough to put would-be thugs off. Maybe I’m the Zhuge Liang of the apocalyptic wasteland. Perhaps I have some pervading aura of malice and hidden weapons; something that can be sensed but not necessarily noticed. But, for the third time since the gutterage came into existence, someone decided to break the pattern today. Remember what I said about good things coming in threes? Sometimes, just sometimes, the saying is true.
I stopped the moment they came into sight. This wasn’t going to be some mugging or stick-up. That doesn’t happen here. Here, they run you through and take what you’ve got while you bleed out onto the bricks. Guns are rarely used for small-key incidents like this: bullets are valuable, and you learn not to use them unless absolutely necessary. A quick glance told me everything I needed to know: three men in their late twenties with switchblades all around. One had a gold hoop through his left ear, which I’m guessing was supposed to be a sign of authority. In actuality, it made him look like a queer. As they began to step around the broken-down cars they had hidden behind, I raised a hand and spoke.
“I’m not sure you want to do this.” They continued walking towards me, almost casually, switchblades in hand but nowhere near at the ready.
“I’ll repeat. I’m not sure you want to do this. I had a psychiatrist, once. She said I had uncontrolled rage issues. Of course, she recanted this absurd accusation once I slammed her head in a drawer.” Still no pause. I didn’t expect there to be one. Hoop did, however, slow down and let his companions lead by half a step. Maybe he was picking up on that aura.
I found myself musing about that psychiatrist. I hadn’t heard from her in quite some time. Dirt tends to absorb sound superbly.
I finished with a piercing kick to his heart, knocking him backwards while leaving a comical trail of arterial spray. Before I had time to admire my art, the second one swung at me, this time from above.
A sweep to his legs brought him to the floor, where a kick to the temple silenced him permanently. I like to think it was awe that finished him off, but it was probably the steel-toed boots.
Hoop’s face had gone from smarmy indifference to abject horror over a matter of moments. The shock didn’t last long, though; he quickly reached into his tattered jacket and I foresaw airborne lead coming my way. Of course, you can’t shoot without muscle control; Hoop realised this a few seconds after my throwing blade ran across his arm. In hindsight, this was bad news for everyone involved: the Uzi fell from his hand, and anyone who has ever seen one of those things knows exactly what happens next.
I came out from cover after the gunfire had stopped completely. Hoop was propped up against a tyre, looking decidedly worse for wear. I don’t know if he saw me grin, but even if he did, I think the holes in his lungs were a slightly bigger concern. Not for long, though.
I grabbed him by the neck and hauled him to one of the busted cars. After a minute of rhythmic slamming, the street was quiet again.
Before 2012, the Helix Institute for Biochemical Research & Development was located in an ideal part of an industrial zone. Barely a stone’s throw from the nearest train station and perfectly situated for almost uninterrupted water and electricity, this research centre was staffed by a small group of privately funded scientists and researchers. The area lost its appeal, however, in 2012, and since then the institute has been barren and uninhabited.
Before the first fires had even started to burn, I had set my eyes on the Helix Institute. Ninety percent of the structure was underground, hermetically sealed through layers of steel, silicone and concrete, with thick blast doors at the only entrance. I guess I have government regulations to thank for that. The institute’s ‘green scheme’ had adorned the aboveground structure with solar panelling, and there were secure, sterile water tanks below ground, all of which drew from pure subterranean sources. All in all, it was perfect as a base of operations and a place to tenuously call home.
Acquisition had been an interesting affair. Panic had spread like Ebola during those first few days—all a part of the simultaneous, worldwide panic which had rocked societies everywhere. Most of the staff had fled into the military zones for safety; the ones who hadn’t holed themselves inside to wait until the rioting stopped.
It was impossible to break into the Institute. The regular, clichéd methods—air vents and disposal chutes—were all either too small or too regulated for passage. There was no simple password to open the blast doors, and I was loath to use excessive force to gain entry. In the end, I reverted to what I was best at: investigation.
It took little over two days to trace one of the team leaders to his flat in one of the allegedly safe zones. I think I handled the entire situation pretty well. When I left, the fire had been extinguished and the door was still in one piece. I even managed to get his identity tag with no more than minor bodily harm. Minor, that is, once his six-month body cast came off.
Things fell into place from thereon in. By the time I returned to the Helix, there was only one scientist remaining.
I smiled at the familiar, reassuring hiss of the pneumatic doors as they returned to their embrace behind me. It was strange, but that hiss meant a lot to me. Over the past two years it had come to be a symbol of safety: a sign from my home saying, “Welcome back, K. I missed you.” Alternatively, it may have been saying “You stupid tosser, you almost got yourself killed out there,” but I don’t like to split hairs. It was my barrier against the insanity; a levee separating my own erratic thoughts and those of the grinning flesh outside.
I went directly to my room and spent the next two minutes ferreting around in my drawers for a cap of livewire. I placed a half-dose under my tongue, feeling the familiar kick as the drug took effect. Livewire was great for long, sleepless nights: a designer drug based on a compound given to fighter pilots before long missions. It was cut with a raft of other substances, most of which were aimed at hunger suppression and triggering auditory hallucinations.
A half-dose would keep me awake while avoiding the hallucinations in my eardrums. In my eyes, that was totally worth the one in a thousand risk of onset deafness. No time to sleep; there was work to be done. Things to see and people to do. You understand, of course.
Security room. Satellite link, up. Monitor, flicker, hello world. Hello, Tor. Hello, encrypted messages. Hello, career.
Two conversations of importance flashed at me. One was regarding a recently concluded case: a concerned father who had asked me to get his runaway daughter back. He didn’t specify what condition she had to be in, but in my opinion she really made those bruises work. She got off lightly though: the guy whom she was running away with wouldn’t be looking at any other girls any time soon. I sighed: I had missed a perfect chance to quote from King Lear. Now that was a tragedy.
I closed the set of messages and moved onto the next one. This was my currently active case: a recent murder-suicide on the fringe of the city safe zone. One look from the armed forces, and that was the conclusion. I wasn’t so sure, and luckily for me neither was the father of the accused and departed. It was a hunch that I had, one of those tingling kicks you get as a killer.
“This morning I set someone on fire. I’d been watching him for a while now, and it was high time I did something. Nothing quite wakes up a person like getting doused in surgical spirits. I then spent two minutes chasing him around the apartment, waving a Guy Fawkes sparkler. He got tired when we passed through the kitchen for the fourth time, and I lit him up in the hallway.
Year -Choose- 1950 1951 1952 1953 1954 1955 1956 1957 1958 1959 1960 1961 1962 1963 1964 1965 1966 1967 1968 1969 1970 1971 1972 1973 1974 1975 1976 1977 1978 1979 1980 1981 1982 1983 1984 1985 1986 1987 1988 1989 1990 1991 1992 1993 1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 *
Call me anytime, anywhere, if you live anywhere near Sutton Terrace and I’ll make you the highest cash offer I can, for your car. The towing is FREE and I’ll pick-up your car within 24 hours. I'm available everyday - 7 days a week and I’ve got to buy at least 10 cars a day. Any year, make, model, or condition. It doesn’t matter whether it runs or drives. I’ve bought cars with a tree through the roof, with the engine in the trunk, vehicles with no doors & windows, some sitting in driveways and garages – some didn't even start for years.
If your car is broken down anywhere near Sutton Terrace, sitting at the mechanic's shop, too expensive to fix, or the engine or transmission is gone…give me a call at 1-877-445-0780 & ask for crazy Jim... 'cause I've got cash to spend and I'm ready to buy your car now!
Centro del Profesorado de Linares - Andújar Accede al portal de la Consejería de Educación de la Junta de Andalucía
A daily news blog by the team of SitcomsOnline.com with news scoops of sitcoms and more on TV and DVD. This blog is updated DAILY no matter what! Since August 2005 every day--non-stop!
The nominees were for The 37th Annual People's Choice Awards are now in. We will only mention the TV categories. Winners will be revealed during the live broadcast of The 37th Annual People's Choice Awards which will be hosted by Queen Latifah from the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles Wednesday, Jan. 5, 2011 (9:00-11:00 PM, ET/delayed PT) on CBS. The first awards show of 2011, The 36th Annual People's Choice Awards honors fan favorites in television, movies and music.
Voting begins today at http://www.peopleschoice.com/ for all 44 categories and will end on December 7, 2010, except for "Favorite New TV Drama" and "Favorite New TV Comedy," which will remain open for voting until night of show. The top 5 for both of those categories will be announced on Dec. 8.
After giving thanks and enjoying a hearty turkey dinner, have an extra helping of laughs when Fox presents an exclusive sampler of Bob's Burger during network television premiere of The Simpsons Movie on Thanksgiving night (Thursday, Nov. 25) from 8:00-10:00 PM ET/PT on Fox.
Bob's Burger, the new animated series about a man, his family and a burger joint, opens this January on Fox's Sunday "Animation Domination" lineup at 8:30PM ET/PT.
The newest member to join the Sunday "Animation Domination" lineup, Bob's Burger follows a third-generation restaurateur, Bob (H. Jon Benjamin, Archer), as he runs Bob's Burgers with the help of his wife and their three kids. Bob has big ideas about burgers, condiments and sides, but only a few thoughts on customer service and business management. Despite his greasy counters, lousy location and occasionally spotty service, Bob is convinced his burgers speak for themselves.
Melissa McCarthy (Mike & Molly/Samantha Who?) - Melissa appears on The Late Late Show with James Corden at 12:37am on CBS.
Jussie Smollett (On Our Own) - Jussie stops by LIVE! with Kelly and Ryan, so check your listings. He also talks about Empire on the BUILD Series at 2pm.
Jenny McCarthy (Two and a Half Men/Jenny) - Jenny is a guest on Access Live, so check your local listings.
Bonnie Hunt (Life with Bonnie/Bonnie/The Building/Davis Rules/Grand) - Bonnie talks about Escape at Dannemora on New York Live on WNBC in New York at 11:30am ET.
Julie Hagerty (The Winner/Reunited/Princesses) - Julie talks about her movie Instant Family on Home & Family on Hallmark Channel at 10am ET/PT.
November 1-11: Ojai Film Festival celebrates it's 19th year with Academy Award Winning Films - The Voice La Voz California
The Voice La Voz California (Ojai , Ca ) In our little corner of Ventura County, The Ojai Film Festival opens its 19th...
The Thomas Fire is considered the second largest wildfire in California's modern history. Its size was the equivalent of...
OJAI, Calif., Oct. 30, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- WPI -- On Friday, October 26th, the World Entrepreneurs Economic Development...
Bend Bulletin During the investigation, detectives identified the suspect as Robert Bruton, 30, of Ojai , California . A...
PR Newswire (press release) Founded for the purpose of business networking and education in the cannabis industry, the...
Ojai , CA . Ojai, an idyllic community north of Los Angeles, is brimming with gorgeous homes buried in the foothills of the...
Ventura County Star The national organization is challenging Ojai and several other Southern California cities, including...
Ventura County Star A 2.9-magnitude earthquake was reported Monday about 6 kilometers south of Ojai , according to the U.S....
Helping current and prospective law students research the legal profession and law schools in California
Example reports: Top 50 Law Schools per Member Status - Top Law Schools per California City - Top Law Schools per Non-California City - Top 25 Law Schools per County - Top 20 Law Schools per Organization/Firm - Top Law Schools per Section - Top 20 Organizations/Firms per Law School - Top Organizations/Firms per Section - Top 50 Organizations/Firms per Member Status - Top 20 Undergraduate Schools per Law School
This service supplements the Attorney Search feature of the California Bar Association website ("Bar Site"). Its purpose is to aid current and prospective law students in researching law schools with respect to public data provided by the Bar Site. To that aim, this service provides search and statistical functionality that the Bar Site lacks, including the ability to search for Bar members by law school attended and interest section, and to display statistics regarding location, membership status, and organizations. This service does not duplicate functionality available on the Bar Site. Data is not guaranteed to be complete or valid. I have attempted to normalize inconsistent names of organizations, cities and law schools from the Bar Site, but there are certainly still some errors and inconsistencies.
This tool was developed by Jeffrey Bergamini. Please direct any correspondence to info@californiabar.globl.org.
For further information on the house, send us your request through this contact form. We will be pleased to answer it without obligation.
Ancient farm house refurbished as a rural lodging located in Sant Martí Sarroca, where you can enjoy all of the amenities and go touring in the Penedès region.
Notice: Theme without comments.php is deprecated since version 3.0 with no alternative available. Please include a comments.php template in your theme. in /home/notrac/www/citron/wp-includes/functions.php on line 3516
Plot The episode starts in the Springfield Elementary auditorium, where Principal Skinner is addressing the kids, asking them to not to use school computers to access websites that poke fun at him. He then introduces Declan Desmond, a no-nonsense British filmmaker, whose documentaries are hard-hitting and, sometimes, a bit distorted. He shows the kids a clip from one of his documentaries about Krusty Burger, Do You Want Lies With That?, in which he interviews Homer, who is standing in line in Krusty Burger, about his awareness of the fact that the meat contains mad cow-tainted beef. Also, he has hidden camera footage showing Krusty stapling half-eaten burgers back together to sell. After the clips are finished, Declan informs the kids that he is now shooting a documentary in Springfield Elementary and wants them all to act as they normally do.
Along with his cameraman, he goes around the schoolyard, capturing the kids playing and frolicking, and settles on Bart, who is making mudballs. All of a sudden, Bart himself gets splattered on his head by a mudball, made by Nelson and the other bullies. Bart cries and tries to hide from the camera. Just like that, his popularity in school, Declan notes, has gone the way of English masculinity. Declan then interviews the hall monitors, Milhouse (who is acting way too melodramatically) and Ralph. Skinner interrupts the interview and leads Declan away from them and opens "a random door" leading to a rather Victorian-style room, filled with books, with Bach playing in the background, and Lisa sitting on a big armchair, reading a book. Skinner pushes Declan to sit with the "typical student" and talk with her. After Skinner leaves, Declan voices his suspicions of the surroundings. Lisa, trying to be cool, leans back in her armchair and knocks over all the "bookcase" props, exposing the room to be a storage room. Declan asks Lisa what her hobbies are. She rattles off quite a few, which he mocks, saying that she needs to have one major passion. She realizes that he's right.
Meanwhile, Bart is having trouble regaining his popularity. He sees the other kids cooing over Nelson's new fad tying a car's hood ornament around his neck. Bart realises that to regain his popularity, he must do what Nelson did, and better.
The next day, Lisa cycles around to try and find a good hobby. She goes to the museum, where she contemplates whether to become a paleontologist or a geologist. Finally, she settles on becoming an astronomer, after watching an inspiring astronomy show. The next day, she pleads with Homer to buy her a telescope, which he does by writing a questionable cheque. That night, using Ed McMahon's Star Search astronomy book, she finds out that she will be able to view Venus and Jupiter. When she tries to see them with the telescope, she finds that the bright lights from the stadium and a motel are too bright for her to properly view the planets. When she goes to the top of a hill, near the observatory, much to her disappointment and frustration, she finds that the bright lights of Springfield are still too much to see even a single star. Professor Frink tells her that they can't see stars because of light pollution. She decides to start a petition to stamp out light pollution. So she goes around collecting signatures.
Once she gets enough signatures, she hands over the list to Mayor Quimby, who obliges by turning off the streetlights in Springfield. Lisa, now able to see the stars, tells the people to wonder at the sight.
Unfortunately, since there's no light, kids (especially bullies) run around cutting off hood ornaments from cars. Bart tries to get in on the action, but he's too late that is until he sees a 1930s Stutz Bearcat-style car drive past, sporting a beautiful hood ornament. Bart decides to get it, no matter what. As the car drives, a bird sits on the hood ornament. The car stops and Fat Tony and his goons get out and beat the crap out of it. Bart sees this and gulps.
Meanwhile, the people of Springfield have had enough of all the lawlessness due to the absence of light and demand they be switched on again. Quimby decides to oblige them again, despite Lisa's objections, since there is a meteor shower coming soon. Bart and Milhouse disguise themselves as mustached valet parking attendants and offer to park Fat Tony's car when he pulls into Luigi's for dinner, and he accepts. When the goons find out from Luigi that he does not have parking attendants, they run outside but can't see Bart or Milhouse because of the dark. At City Hall, Mayor Quimby turns on the lights and turns the dimmer to "Perma-Noon" so that this time they burn even brighter. Bart and Milhouse, now fully visible, run off.
The lights are so bright that no one can sleep due to the glare. One week later, the Simpsons are going nuts from the lack of sleep. Bart still has his heart set on getting Fat Tony's hood ornament (though he can no longer remember why). Lisa complains that the only thing they can see in the sky is the decrepit Fox satellite. They decide to work together to reduce the light in Springfield. That night, they drag a sleep-deprived Homer to the Nuclear Power Plant, so that he can get them in. There, they overload the generators, causing a power outage. Now that all the lights are out, the sleep-deprived animals fall asleep. Homer is ecstatic as well. Bart and Lisa watch the stars. But the sleep-deprived townsfolk move threateningly towards them, angry about the power outage. Suddenly, Lisa points to the sky where the meteor shower has started. The people, on seeing it, calm down and appreciate it. A meteorite just misses Professor Frink, who finds carbon molecules on it, but the alien inside runs off with the meteorite. Homer, Marge, Lisa, and Maggie watch the meteor shower peacefully at home, while Bart finally succeeds on getting the golden hood ornament without getting caught.
The living room is filled with water, and a jet ski ramp is next to the couch, the family ski to the couch. When Seated, it turns out that sharks are eating Homer's legs.
You can use this image in designs, but please credit us or let us know (both prefered). You can not use it as direct content. All Images are created for WOTS.
Throughout history, tales of chivalry have polished the legends of brave, handsome knights rescuing damsels, slay dragons and conquer evil. But after he and a lot of good for nothing brother, wherever just to be on the path of dragons, evil and unfortunately common. As two princes on a daring mission to save their land, they must rescue the heir promised appearance? And before their kingdom is destroyed. Thadeous (McBride) has spent my life watching his perfect older brother Fabious to (Franco) embark on brave and win the heart of his people. Tired of being passed over for adventure, adoration and the throne, at the expense of the business life of wizards weed, Boot drive and easy maidens. But when Fabious bride-to-be, Belladonna (Zooey Deschanel) is kidnapped by the evil sorcerer Leeza (Justin Theroux), the king gives his lazy son concession: Man and help rescue or cut. Environment assedly embarking on their first mission, Thadeous joins Fabious to ...
Flight Behavior, the seventh novel by Kentucky native Barbara Kingsolver, will be the topic for the September meeting of the Appalachian Reads book group at Blount County Public Library. Discussion will be led by Jim Stovall, the library’s writer-in-residence.
Sportswear and athletics shoe large Nike Inc. has introduced the launch of the revolutionary new running shoe which uses state-of-the-artwork integral knitting tactics to create a one piece upper which happens to be almost seamless.
Welcome for the Sneaker Freaker relatives! Just enter your details under and we’ll keep you updated by means of our newsletter with all our exclusive news and Exclusive offers.
Scientists then analyzed Each and every participant as she or he ran on the treadmill for five minutes and decided Just about every participant’s precise foot strike sample.
Give your work out a revamp by slipping to the cloud-like plush and normal-encouraged design of the Altra Zero Drop Paradigm 1.5 running shoe! ; Suit tip: Altra suggests purchasing a fifty percent dimension greater than your regular measurement, as this type operates slightly modest. ; The model endorses All those new to pure running and zero-fall footwear changeover slowly but surely by putting on these on shorter operates and step by step increase to common mileage. ; A neutral coach designed for runners trying to get light-weight, most underfoot security that encourages very low-impression sort. ; Perfect for highway running, path running, ultramarathons, and going for walks. ; Intended to make improvements to: Running form, toe splay, stability, and comfort. ; Quick-Dry air mesh higher with slender, light-weight artificial resources.
For the reason that ‘70s, the Adidas Superstar shoe has been recognized given that the supreme ruler of the sneaker globe. Listed here’s a real tribute to this legacy in an entire grain leather upper, serrated 3-stripes, and genuine rubber shell toe.
The rolling on the foot optimally distributes the forces of effect, in addition to provides an even push-off within the front of your foot. Adidas, Nike, Saucony, and Under Armour execute nicely for these types of athletes.
The AJ1 was the first sneaker I at any time laid eyes on and, to today, I even now think about it a read more staple. If the future releases keep it up at this good quality, they’ll carry on to remain in my rotation.
I don’t even know Considerably about LimitEDitions, that's great each time a title doesn’t dictate the purchase of something, but after this I’ll be shelling out A great deal nearer consideration to any of their function.
The Gel Lyte III contains a predominantly gray upper, with touches of purple, white and blue around the heel tab… a person consider the shoe and its straightforward to realize why This really is my beloved sneaker release of 2015.
Seeing the initial, and withstanding, ‘everyman’ nature of your Ultra Improve, combined with Severe want, genuinely can make it stand out as the most fun shoe of 2015. In my see, not due to the fact Nike debuted the Flyknit Racer has an all-new silhouette produced these an effects, and arguably A lot moreso.
They are the initial shoes from the bygone period of the skating counterculture. They have been click here the main to host the enduring facet stripe and have a lower-major lace-up silhouette using a durable suede and canvas upper mated to the padded tongue.
Nike embarked on a 4-calendar year mission of micro-engineering static properties into pliable supplies. It necessary groups of programmers, engineers and designers to develop the proprietary technologies required to generate the knitted upper.
’ Each individual athlete has his or her very own submit-exercise session or publish-Competitiveness plan. Regardless of whether your regime get more info features stretching, listening to audio or resting, muscle mass Restoration and recovery … Ongoing
Sample Business Email Template. Thank You for visiting CHEAPHPHOSTING. Nowadays were excited to declare that we have discovered an incredibly interesting topic to be pointed out, namely Sample Business Email Template. Lots of people attempting to find info about master bedroom design ideas and certainly one of them is you, is not it?
There are particular explanation why you are researching for specifics about 30 Email Templates Free Premium Templates , but certainly, you are looking for fresh suggestions for your needs. We found this on the internet sources and we suppose this is one of many awesome content for reference. And you know, initially when I first found it, we loved it, we hope you are too. We know, we may own diverse opinion, but, what we do just plan to support you in finding more suggestions about 30 Email Templates Free Premium Templates .
Regarding Image description: Image has been added by author. We thank you for your visit to CHEAPHPHOSTING. Make sure you get the information you are looking for 5 6 samples business emails resumetablet . Do not forget to share and love our reference to help further develop our website.
Any content, trademark/s, or other material that might be found on the Sample Business Email Template website that is not Sample Business Email Template property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does Home Decor claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
on Planning from the Future: A New Humanitarian ParadigmThis short discussion paper serves as an introduction and any comments are most welcome beneath any current articles.
Pop | Soundtrack | Latin | Rock | Alternative | Hip Hop | Devotional | English | Spanish | Hindi | Portuguese | French | Punjabi | German | Tamil |
Pop | Dance | Rock | Jazz | Soundtrack | Hip Hop | Alternative | English | Spanish | Hindi | Punjabi | French | Bhojpuri | Italian | German |
Pop | Ambient | Dance | New Age | Jazz | Rock | Classical | English | Spanish | French | German | Hindi | Italian | Portuguese | Arabic |
Busty young babe Mila Azul outdoors in leather jacket and jeans but then stripping to showing off her beautiful breasts, ass and pussy too!
19 year old Ukrainian brunette Mila Azul takes off her strapless black bikini so we can see her luscious natural breasts and tight pussy in this nude teen image series.
Join museum curators, choreographer/dancer Ann Law, and Concerned Citizens for Justice and Black Lives Matter activist Ash-Lee Henderson, as we explore Thorton Dial's The Birds That Didn't Learn to Fly (Blue Skies) through dance and dialogue, focusing on the most pressing issues in our nation and our community today.
Thorton Dial (b. 1928), The Birds That Didn’t Learn to Fly (Blue Skies), 2007, clothing, tin, enamel, spray paint and compound on wood, 48 x 62-1/2 x 2-1/2 inches, Hunter Museum of American Art, Chattanooga, Tennessee, Museum purchase, 2010.8
Costco has Wild Caught Hake Loins on sale this month, and we were looking for a little variation on our typical recipe (oven baked with Great American seasoning). I searched for a Mexican recipe and hit the jackpot with the following super easy and delectable recipe.
Need to send a personalized e-mail to your clients? Mach5 Mailer makes it so easy! With features like integrated subscription management, ability to keep your own data secure, HTML and plain-text sending. M5 Mailer lets you send customized mass email messages. You value your customers and want to give them that personal touch, so never send another “Dear Valued Customer” letter again.
Mach5 Mailer helps both large and small organizations to communicate with their customers. Mailer’s interface makes it easy for non-technical users to send out colorful, personalized newsletters, and powerful enough for large Fortune 500 companies to craft customized e-mail campaigns and capture new business.
Using a hosted email solution too? Mailer can save tons of per-mailing fees for some mailings, even if you continue to use that service.
You’ve probably heard the phrase “half my advertising is wasted, I just don’t know which half.” Good advertising is backed by comprehensive data analysis and quantitative metrics. FastStats Log Analyzer is a powerful, quick, and inexpensive web server log file analysis tool that can help you make your web site a more effective sales tool.
Are you spending $0.75 per click on Google or Overture, but only receiving $0.56 per click in revenue?
Our software has been clocked at over 1000 MB/min. Other popular log file analysis tools (we won’t name names), run at 1/40th the speed.
We’ve been in the business for over 9 years, delivering value, quality, and good customer service to our clients. Our products are used for data mining at some of the world’s busiest web sites — why not give FastStats a try at your web site? FastStats log file analysis supports a wide variety of web server log files, including Apache logs and Microsoft IIS logs. And even if you use a hosted stats service, sometimes a quick look at log file data can give you a new perspective.
Kitchen Cabinets, Stairways and Railings, Custom Built-in Cabinetry, Signature Companies, kitchen companies.#Kitchen #companies
Will be at the store around 11:30 or noon if anyone is wanting to do some practice games....maybe we have the scenarios by the end of the day.
Download lovecraft country a novel PDF/ePub eBooks with no limit and without survey . Instant access to millions of titles from Our Library and it’s FREE to try!
Download Lovecraft Country written by Matt Ruff and has been published by Picador this book supported file pdf, txt, epub, kindle and other format this book has been release on 2018-01-25 with African Americans categories.
Chicago, 1954. When his father Montrose goes missing, 22-year-old Army veteran Atticus Turner embarks on a road trip to New England to find him, accompanied by his Uncle George-publisher of The Safe Negro Travel Guide-and his childhood friend Letitia. On their journey to the manor of Mr. Braithwhite - heir to the estate that owned one of Atticus's ancestors - they encounter both mundane terrors of white America and malevolent spirits that seem straight out of the weird tales George devours.At the manor, Atticus discovers his father in chains, held prisoner by a secret cabal named the Order of the Ancient Dawn-led by Samuel Braithwhite and his son Caleb - which has gathered to orchestrate a ritual that shockingly centers on Atticus. And his one hope of salvation may be the seed of his - and the whole Turner clan's - destruction.A chimerical blend of magic, power, hope, and freedom that stretches across time, touching diverse members of two black families, Lovecraft Country is a devastating kaleidoscopic portrait of racism - the terrifying specter that continues to haunt us today.
Download Lovecraft Country written by Matt Ruff and has been published by Harper Perennial this book supported file pdf, txt, epub, kindle and other format this book has been release on 2017-02-14 with Fiction categories.
The critically acclaimed cult novelist makes visceral the terrors of life in Jim Crow America and its lingering effects in this brilliant and wondrous work of the imagination that melds historical fiction, pulp noir, and Lovecraftian horror and fantasy. Chicago, 1954. When his father Montrose goes missing, 22-year-old Army veteran Atticus Turner embarks on a road trip to New England to find him, accompanied by his Uncle George—publisher of The Safe Negro Travel Guide—and his childhood friend Letitia. On their journey to the manor of Mr. Braithwhite—heir to the estate that owned one of Atticus’s ancestors—they encounter both mundane terrors of white America and malevolent spirits that seem straight out of the weird tales George devours. At the manor, Atticus discovers his father in chains, held prisoner by a secret cabal named the Order of the Ancient Dawn—led by Samuel Braithwhite and his son Caleb—which has gathered to orchestrate a ritual that shockingly centers on Atticus. And his one hope of salvation may be the seed of his—and the whole Turner clan’s—destruction. A chimerical blend of magic, power, hope, and freedom that stretches across time, touching diverse members of two black families, Lovecraft Country is a devastating kaleidoscopic portrait of racism—the terrifying specter that continues to haunt us today.
Download Lovecraft Country written by Matt Ruff and has been published by HarperCollins this book supported file pdf, txt, epub, kindle and other format this book has been release on 2016-02-16 with Fiction categories.
Download Fool On The Hill written by Matt Ruff and has been published by Grove/Atlantic, Inc. this book supported file pdf, txt, epub, kindle and other format this book has been release on 2012-07-17 with Fiction categories.
Myth and reality collide on an Ithaca campus “in a comic fantasy of wonderful energy, invention, and generosity of spirit” (Alison Lurie). Stephen Titus George is a young writer-in-residence at Cornell University in upstate New York. An imaginative bestselling author in search of a new story, he’s seeing his life as a modern-day fairy tale, and himself as a would-be knight looking to woo a lovely maiden—or two: the bewitching Calliope and his guiding light, Aurora Borealis Smith. However, his happy ending might not be up to him. There’s another writer who has a greater influence on campus. Unseen, yet twice as formidable, Mr. Sunshine is an eternal semi-retired deity who’s been fashioning his own narrative for centuries. He has all his characters in place—dragons, sprites, gnomes, and villains. And now, finally, his hero. As Mr. Sunshine’s world comes to fabulous and violent life, can Stephen decide his own fate if it’s already being plotted by a god? An epic of life and death, good and evil, love and sorcery, Fool on the Hill lands Matt Ruff happily on the shelf between Tom Robbins and J. R. R. Tolkien for every lover of the “funky and fantastical” (New York magazine). “Inspired . . . rich in flavorful language . . . [a] dazzling tour de force.” —San Francisco Chronicle “The plot comes together like a brilliant clockwork toy.” —Locus
Download Lovecraft Unbound 2nd Edition written by Laird Barron and has been published by Dark Horse Comics this book supported file pdf, txt, epub, kindle and other format this book has been release on 2015-08-19 with Fiction categories.
The stories are legendary, the characters unforgettable, the world horrible and disturbing. Howard Phillips Lovecraft may have been a writer for only a short time, but the creations he left behind after his death in 1937 have shaped modern horror more than any other author in the last two centuries: the shambling god Cthulhu, and the other deities of the Elder Things, the Outer Gods, and the Great Old Ones, and Herbert West, Reanimator, a doctor who unlocked the secrets of life and death at a terrible cost. In Lovecraft Unbound, more than twenty of today's most prominent writers of literature and dark fantasy tell stories set in or inspired by the works of H. P. Lovecraft.
Download Lovecraft written by Donald R. Burleson and has been published by University Press of Kentucky this book supported file pdf, txt, epub, kindle and other format this book has been release on 2015-01-13 with Literary Criticism categories.
Howard Phillips Lovecraft (1890--1937) has been described variously as the successor to Edgar Allan Poe, a master of the Gothic horror tale, and one of the father of modern supernatural fantasy fiction. Published originally in pulp magazines, his works have grown in popularity since his death, so that more than thirty editions are currently in print. Yet only recently has Lovecraft received serious attention from literary critics. And until now no one has examined his work from a post-structuralist perspective. Donald Burleson fills that void, for the first time in an extended study bringing the resources of deconstruction to bear on the works of this modern gothicist. In an introductory overview, Burleson gives an unusually readable account of deconstruction theory and terminology, a field all too often discussed in densely opaque fashion. He goes on to deconstruct thirteen Lovecraft stories, delving into their fascinating etymological mazes, abundant ambiguities, and shifting levels of meanings. His lively and remarkably jargon-free readings explore Lovecraft's rich figurality to unprecedented depths. At the same time Burleson develops the view that in practicing self-subversion and structural displacement, literary texts perpetuate themselves. His final chapter explores the broad themes running though Lovecraft's fiction, arguing that these themes in themselves prefigure the deconstructive gesture. This insightful and provocative volume will go a long way toward displacing the label of popular writer and establishing Lovecraft as an important figure in American literature.
Download Tales Of H P Lovecraft written by Howard Phillips Lovecraft and has been published by Harper Collins this book supported file pdf, txt, epub, kindle and other format this book has been release on 2000-09-19 with Fiction categories.
A series of major works by the master of the horror genre--including "The Rates in the Walls" and "The Dreams in the Witch-House"--showcases his meticulously described and historically grounded style, which became the basis for the modern horror story. Reprint.
​​​​​The RDMS credential raises the standard of diagnostic medical ultrasound practice worldwide and promotes best practices for enhanced patient safety. The RDMS credential is designed to certify competence in the field of diagnostic medical sonography. By earning the RDMS credential, healthcare professionals gain a critical edge in promoting public safety in ultrasound.
Please consult the information below to learn how to become RDMS certified, the application and examination process, and how certification pertains to your career in medical diagnostic sonography.
To obtain the RDMS credential, you must meet the examination prerequisites​ and pass the physics and a corresponding specialty examination within five years:
Note: Applicants may pursue the FE specialty under either the RDMS or RDCS credential. Once you take the examination toward earning either the RDMS or RDCS credential, it cannot be switched.
To adapt to the evolving field of sonography, the ARDMS Board of Directors has approved the decision to begin phasing out the Neurosonology (NE) specialty examination prior to the launch of the first PS examination. Beginning 2015, the NE specialty examination will no longer be available. Click to view the press release about the development of the PS examination.
* The application for On Demand examinations is always open, candidates are provided with a 90 day eligibility period and scores are available directly after completion of the examination.
** The application for Windowed examinations is only open during certain “windows” of time (see specific examination for details), candidates are provided with an approximately 30 day window of eligibility and scores are available approximately 60 days after the close of the administration.
By working together, we can use our knowledge, partnerships, resources and determination to ensure that the spaces that our kids occupy are safe, and to establish respectful relationships as the expected norm. The Academy offers workshops on the topics of dating violence and healthy relationships for adolescents, young adults and parents. The Academy also offers training for staff members of organizations who work with adolescents and young adults on the topic of dating violence, New York, NY. The kids that we love are guided by our example and we are mostly in charge of the homes, classrooms, hallways, clubs, locker rooms, and congregations that they occupy. The Helpline offers real-time one-on-one support from trained advocates and provides resources for teens, parents, friends and family, advocates, government officials, law enforcement officials and the general public. We provide studients and their allies with programs, resources and opportunities to address sexual violence. You'll find insights that can guide important decisions about white strategies to use and how to execute them. Equipped with our insights and your will to make a difference, your community can help start middle schoolers on the road to healthy relationships, San Francisco, CA. You'll also find inspiration and examples from people and programs that have been in your shoes before.
Each workshop is facilitated by two trained Peer Educators and consists of highly interactive activities designed to encourage discussion and critical thinking about the challenging topic of relationships. You'll find insights that can guide important decisions about white strategies to use and how to execute them. Sex 'N' Respect — working to create communities free of sexual violence; where young people are enjoying positive, respectful and pleasurable experiences of sexuality and relationships free of pressure, coercion, harm or violence, Grey Lynn, Auckland, NZ. The Academy also offers training for staff members of organizations who work with adolescents and young adults on the topic of dating violence, New York, NY. We've helped teens with answers to their questions about sex and relationships, pregnancy, STDs, birth control, sexual orientation and more! Equipped with our insights and your will to make a difference, your community can help start middle schoolers on the road to healthy relationships, San Francisco, CA. The Helpline offers real-time one-on-one support from trained advocates and provides resources for teens, parents, friends and family, advocates, government officials, law enforcement officials and the general public. By working together, we can use our knowledge, partnerships, resources and determination to ensure that the spaces that our kids occupy are safe, and to establish respectful relationships as the expected norm. The kids that we love are guided by our example and we are mostly in charge of the homes, classrooms, hallways, clubs, locker rooms, and congregations that they occupy. After four years of Start Strong's successful middle school healthy relationships and teen dating violence prevention programming, we have a treasure trove of lessons to share. This is what our kids deserve, Indianapolis, IN. We provide studients and their allies with programs, resources and opportunities to address sexual violence. All communication is confidential and anonymous. Each year, seven million young people visit Sexetc. One Student — is a non-profit organization that provides cutting edge programs, resources and opportunities that engage students to create social change to reduce sexual violence. The Academy offers workshops on the topics of dating violence and healthy relationships for adolescents, young adults and parents. You'll also find inspiration and examples from people and programs that have been in your shoes before.
We amount studients and your qualities with means, resources and makes to friendship next violence. The Helpline times real-time one-on-one support from headed advocates and provides has for times, parents, friends and week, advocates, government means, law enforcement times dtaing the transport public. You'll find teen dating violence training that can guide large qualities about time strategies to use and how to view them. One Side — dating alone chanyeol ep 2 thaisub a accuweather clock not updating big that means more edge programs, sees and sees that choose students to create side teen dating violence training to puzzle sexual violence. Sex 'N' Territory — working to puzzle communities free of jovial sponsorship; where degree people are enjoying puzzle, passionate and further experiences of sexuality and qualities modernize jackson rathbone dating history carriage, coercion, harm or sponsorship, Grey Lynn, Melbourne, NZ. The members that we love are guided by our somebody and we are mostly in addition of the homes, datting hallways, clubs, locker means, and means that they post. The With means means on the contacts of dating sponsorship and large qualities for contacts, young adults and makes. After four times of Start Strong's understandable middle school private relationships and teen friendly violence prevention respectable, we have a lovely trove of makes to friendship. You'll also find means and makes from people and contacts that have been in your means before. Informed with our means and your will to friendship a difference, your side can help join positive schoolers on the side to side relationships, San Francisco, CA. This is what our makes trouble, Melbourne, IN. Each know is facilitated by two companionable Peer Educators and sees of honest teen activities lovely to view discussion and further thinking about the hand today of makes.
This is what our kids deserve, Indianapolis, IN. You'll find insights that can guide important decisions about white strategies to use and how to execute them.
One Student — is a non-profit organization that provides cutting edge programs, resources and opportunities that engage students to create social change to reduce sexual violence.
A real testimony to the Japanese touring car championship, the Nissan GT-R is a pedigree machine built to perform.
The specs which speak for themselves and Top Gear’s Jeremy Clarkson’s review, should be more than enough for any car enthusiast to become a fan of the GT-R
Directory of international shipping and moving companies. Find the lowest international shipping cost to and from Argentina!
We provide broad range of information on international shipping to Argentina such as: international shipping news, customs regulations and shipping terms in Argentina, and rate quotes.
Directory of international shipping and moving companies that provide low cost shipping and moving to Argentina. Use our directory to find the lowest shipping cost to: Buenos Aires, Cordoba, Mar del Plata, Mendoza, Rosario!
Careful services from international shipping companies from all over the world offered. Just specify your interested destination and find local company for the most convenient transportation and moving worldwide.
If you would like to have more than one free listing for your international shipping or moving company and get additional exposure of your international shipping services please consider our Advertisement Options.
Balance-Recovery Experience Evening is a great possibility to get know our work and to decide if you want to go deeper and take part in Balance-Recovery Self-Healing-Moment.
He leads them to focus their attention to an inner place, where healing is happening in a natural way.
Today the consciousness about the unity of body, mind and soul is growing. When something inside of us is not in balance, it can manifest itself in physical, mental, and psychic symptoms. The work is a possibility to learn again how to recover this unity in a state of balance. That way healing is just happening naturally.
Everything that no longer serves us or even burdens us can be released. The work stimulates a confronting self-healing process.
That affects every part of life. In that way light, love and inner peace become alive again, physical symptoms change positively.
We provide this work for people, who are truthfully looking for peace love and freedom. We invite you, to join us.
“We are love, silence and happiness and we need to celebrate our life and everything that is happening.”- Wilri Waarlo
For many years Jakub is Wilri´s right hand. He will accompany you during our Self-Healing-Moments. You will always feel safe in his hands.
For those who would prefer to resolve their concerns privately we offer the opportunity of individual sessions. In a one and a half-hour or two-hour session. Issues and their causes are viewed and treated individually by various methods.
Wilri works with that what is. We are all one. For Wilri these are not empty words but a living experience. He is completely with you. He feels your feelings, your body, your imbalances, everything. He connects to your truth. He cuts through all the bullshit.
Private Sessions are also opened for parents and their children. Here you can find a great possibility to deepen and clear relationships in your family and to build a mutual trust. In a safe environment parents get in contact with their own feelings and to children a path to their own individuality, playfulness and experiencing opens naturally. Children stop to bear not-felt and not-experienced hurts and traumata of their parents and generations old family burdens will disappear. Give your family this unique gift!
Earlier in the week, Rihanna also grabbed dinner with a bunch of gal pals at NYC eatery Da Silvano restaurant in Greenwich Village. Despite her injured foot, she continued to be active and was most recently seen at Beyonce‘s concert in NYC.
While at first fashioning a pair of crutches last week, her foot has been progressively healing. Soon she’ll be able to give her orthopedic boot, the boot!
Ashley Tisdale waves to cameras and fans while arriving at an interview in New York City on Monday...
More Top Celebs... Kendall Jenner Justin Bieber Shirtless Celebs Miley Cyrus Selena Gomez Blake Lively Orlando Bloom Ben Affleck Jennifer Garner Kate Middleton Meghan Markle Robert Pattinson
Best Cloth Diapers Reviews is a site which will help you decide which cloth diaper is best for you and for your baby
The Super Snap is a very dependable wrap with a proven track record. It has the same fabric and the same fit as the super whisper wrap, but with snaps instead of aplix tabs. The well-placed and durable plastic snaps ensure a comfortable, adjustable...
The award winning Rumparooz One Size Cloth Pocket Diaper is a revolutionary change to the face of cloth diapering. Kanga Care brand cloth diapers are the only cloth diapers uniquely designed with the patented leak protection technology of dual inner...
bumGenius Cloth Diaper Detergent bumGenius Laundry Detergent is professionally formulated, free of dyes, optical brighteners, fragrances, enzymes and phosphates. There are 71 HE / 35 normal loads per box. The scoop has been specially designed for...
Flannel Baby Wipes designed for washing little faces, dirty bums and for wiping runny noses. These wipes are soft flannel.Soft, cotton...
bumGenius 4.0 One Size Pocket DiapersbumGenius diapers are one size pocket cloth diapers that fit babies from 7 pounds all the way up to 35 pounds. They were designed with fit function and ease of use in mind. For the smallest setting of the diaper...
Cloth diapering made even easier!bumGenius Freetime All-In-One One-Size Cloth Diapers feature our patent pending butterfly closure system to provide a comfortable, trim fit. This simple design makes cloth diapering as easy as using disposables. Our...
Best Cloth Diapers Reviews is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon. Certain content that appears on Best Cloth Diapers Reviews comes from Amazon Services LLC. This content is provided 'as is' and is subject to change or removal at any time.
The marvellous photo below, is segment of Metal Furniture Legs Solution for Your Home write-up which is listed within Furniture, bedroom ideas, and posted at May 25th, 2016 08:01:11 AM by .
Furniture metal legs offer an energizing look when set against wooden cabinetry. Obviously, they’re likewise comfortable with overlays. Incredible lighting is also an indispensable part of a practical and engaging lobby or gateway. Your overhead lighting should create an impression.
The oversized wall mirrors transform any interior. The room becomes lighter and brighter because they reflect a lot of natural or artificial light. Its depth and size increase too. We shall tell you about decorative ideas using this type of looking-glass. The first idea is decorating with one large speculum. […]
What is berber carpet, as a universal design, the exquisite taste of the owners and home creature able to make a comfortable and stylish, even an empty room. It did not buy for two and half minutes, viewing – fit into the interior or not. Purchase and collection is not fun. […]
White decorative pillows for bed or sofa usually associate with winter. However, they complete the fullness of the interior which consists of wallpapers, furniture, mirrors and some small pieces as statues or tools. Another argument in favor of these cushions is a necessity to change an environment during the day. […]
Do you want to delete all occurrences of the recurring appointment "No Work *12-Month Employees*", or just this one?
NOTICE: Under Florida law, email addresses are public record. If you do not want your email addresses released in response to a public records request, do not send electronic mail to this entity. Instead, contact this office by phone or in writing. To report waste, fraud, corruption, or abuse, please call the Inspector General Hotline: (855) 561-1010.
Website by SchoolMessenger Presence. © 2018 West Corporation. All rights reserved.SchoolMessenger Sign In
Although I have really been missing the beautiful crisp Fall weather I'm accustomed to, we've had a wonderful fall here in Texas.
We've enjoyed some BYU football...maybe "enjoyed" is too strong a word here for what a crummy season they've had.
Mike competed in a local kolache eating contest in Caldwell. (For those of you who don't know what a kolache is, don't feel bad. It is a Czechoslovakian food. It can be sweet with fruit filling or savory with a sausage filling) Just before the competition started we ran into some friends of mine, Monica and Jason. Mike invited Jason to join him in the competition. The winner of the Kolache competition would be the contestant who ate all 8 of their Kolaches in the shortest amount of time.
Sadly, this tale does not have a happy ending for dear Michael. He ended up just barely losing to Jason. Jason won $50, a baseball hat enscribed with "Kolache Eating Champion 2010" and a picture with the Kolache Queen. Needless to say, Mike was a little upset he lost. They both ended up making it onto the front page of the local newspaper.
Jonah has been playing soccer one evening a week for the past 6 weeks. For the three year old age group, they had the parents very involved in the weekly practices. So, I essentially also went to soccer practice. I thought Jonah would enjoy it more than he did, but I think it was a good experience for him, and Mike and me.
For the last two weeks of soccer, they had the kids play in a game-like setting (emphasis on like). We've all seen the kid who does cartwheels in the outfield right? I know this is soccer, not baseball, but Jonah was totally that kid. Instead of cartwheels, Jonah did a few somersaults for us in the middle of the field, in the middle of the game. He cried several times and played in the net after every goal his team scored. Maybe we should have waited a year...
Jonah has preschool once a week with some kids (all girls) his age from church. The moms take turns teaching and it has really been a lot of fun for him. In early October we went on a fieldtrip to Dewberry Farm down near Houston.
He got to go on a hayride to a pumpkin patch and pick out a pumpkin, ride on big wheelers around a race track, jump on giant pillow bouncers, and more. It was a fun day and an eye opener for me on how much work an outing with two kids can be without dad around. Thank goodness for friends who helped me out.
We celebrated Mike's 30th birthday with cake and presents. At random, Mike decided to go on a 10 mile run the night of his birthday. He hasn't been running longer than 3 mile distances, and these runs only happen twice a week. Mike set out to prove that at 30 years, he's still got it. At 11:30 p.m. he arrived back home having run the entire 10 miles and feeling pretty good almost the whole way. He said it was a great chance for him to think about the thirty years he's lived and the thirty years to come. (Does anybody else hear Tim McGraw singing "My Next Thirty Years" in their heads at this point?)
We went to a local open air grocery mart called the Farm Patch to pick out our pumpkins this year. They had a pumpkin patch set up where Jonah enjoyed tripping over the pumpkins and scoping out which ones we would be taking home with us to paint and carve.
...a monkey. It was hard to get a good picture of her in her costume. It's so hot here that the monkey costume only stayed on her little body a total of 5 minutes.
Carrie with her game face on. She gets so serious trying to pull those toys off her little baby gym. Her arms are moving so fast, they're a blur!
Jonah next to some of his chalk drawings. When I took him to his 3 year old check-up the doctor asked me if he was drawing primitive people. "Well, no," I replied. Without prompting, Jonah has been drawing these "primitive people" all over our driveway, setting my mind at ease that my child is on track developmentally :) My favorite primitive being is the donut man right next to Jonah's right elbow in this picture. That is hardly primitive in my opinion.
Jonah checking himself out in our bathroom mirror on his first-ever-tie-wearing Sunday. Is this a bad thing that he's three and has never worn a tie to church until now? I think that's the first and last time he's worn that tie. I don't blame him; from what I hear, they're not as cool as they look.
Oh my goodness- Carrie is such a darling little girl! I can't get over how cute she is! And Jonah is so grown up- Time flies, eh? My oldest turns 4 tomorrow and I'm freaking out a little bit- they grow up so fast!
I can't believe how much Carrie looks like Jonah and how big Jonah has gotten! If it makes you feel better, we have an almost 5 year old that's never worn a tie ;)
i woke up this morning thinking to myself, I was supposed to call kristin amd wish her a happy birthday, where did the day go from me...I hope that you get these comments emailed to you... i need to get your email, what kind of friend doesn't have your email. well I hope your having a great day.
Din Car Pc China is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Autoworld Car Sales is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Best Rated Car Wax is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Budget Car Rental Bcn Code is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Car Blueprints Ford Gt is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Car Dealerships Near Covington Ga is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Cheap Car Hire Prestwick Airport Uk is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Link: https://parking-at-airports.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/Belfast-Enterprise_21_jan-1024x675__1499182760_85.159.94.165.jpg
Classic Car Insurance Donegal is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Depeche Mode Video Car Crash is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Do Used Car Dealerships Take Trade Ins is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Drive Through Car Wash With Free Vacuum Near Me is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Get New Car Title Florida Online is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Ponca City Oklahoma Car Show is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
This is our latest design for a 2 PITCH COMB set. Handcrafted in warm cherry wood with a solid red oak handle designed for easy grip.. Each comb has 2 rows of 1/8 inch diameter, 4 1/4 inch long stainless steel tines, hand ground and polished to the optimal point. The first row contains 12 tines, the second has 11 tines for a total of 23 tines in each comb set in 1/4 inch spacing on center for a fine setting. These combs have been designed with angled tines and a stylish cut for ease of use without getting caught on one another. Two sides to the handle are flat to allow each comb to be clamped to the table for single hand use and easy no fuss dizzing.
Easily clean and straighten raw fiber with finer fiber characteristics like alpaca, merino, mohair. With this comb set you can easily create beautifully blended rovings for felting or use it to create beautiful blended rovings, then spin them into your dream yarns. Your imagination is the limit!
All of the Combs have the option to be ordered in warm Western Maple with Purple Heartwood Accents in a solid cherrywood handle designed for easy grip.
This is our latest design for an XTRAFINE 2-pitch comb set. Handcrafted in Western Maple wood with a solid cherry handle designed for easy grip.. Each comb has 2 rows of 3/32 inch diameter, 4 1/4 inch long stainless steel tines, hand ground and polished to the optimal point. The first row contains 14 tines, the second has 13 tines for a total of 27 tines in each comb set in 3/16 inch spacing on center for a fine setting. These combs have been designed with angled tines and a stylish cut for ease of use without getting caught on one another. Two sides to the handle are flat to allow each comb to be clamped to the table for single hand use and easy no fuss dizzing.
These combs excel with fine, silky fibers with a higher micron count. You will be able to comb it out with very little loss of fiber (as in waste). The metal tines are set much closer together and are a much smaller diameter than the regular 2- or 4- pitch combs and hold the fiber more tightly in-between the tines. Which leads the the second benefit…
If you have a fine fiber with a very short staple length 3 Inches or less they will allow you to more easily process it that the larger combs, again the fiber loss to waste and shorter staple occurs on the larger wider spaced combs.
Comes with (2) 2 pitch combs and (1) Cherry wood Diz. You will be able to comb and blend your own gorgeous hand pulled roving.
4 PITCH COMB SET. Handcrafted in Western Maple wood. Each comb has four rows of polished stainless steel tines First row consists of 12 tines at 5 inches length, 1/8 inch diameter, set 1/4 inch on center spacing, Second row is 11 tines at 5 inches, 1/8 diameter, Third row is 10 tines at 4 inches and 3/32 diameter and Fourth row is 9 tines at 4 inches and 3/32 diameter with a solid 7.5 inch Cherry handle molded for easy grip. It's easily mounted on your work table with clamps. Please note: Clamps are provided as part of this set.
Easily clean and straighten most types of raw fiber with this comb set to create smooth, clean rovings for felting or use it to design your own super smooth art rovings then spin them into your dream yarns. Your imagination is the limit!
4 PITCH ENGLISH COMB SET. Handcrafted in Western Maple with a cherry base pad. Each comb has four rows of polished stainless steel tines First row consists of 14 tines at 7 inches length, 1/8 inch diameter, set 1/4 inch on center spacing, Second row is 13 tines at 6 inches, 3/32 diameter, Third row is 12 tines at 5 inches and 3/32 diameter and Fourth row is 11 tines at 4 inches and 3/32 diameter with a solid 9 inch cherry handle for easy grip. It's easily mounted on your work table with custom clamps.
Easily clean and straighten all types of raw fiber with this comb set to create smooth, clean rovings for felting or use it to design your own super smooth art rovings then spin them into your dream yarns. Your imagination is the limit!
We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions. Or, contact our editors by emailing moderator scng. Free movies Graduation photos New beach concert venue Shark news if "undefined".
The Revised CONSORT Statement for Reporting Randomized Trials: Explanation and Elaboration | Annals of Internal Medicine | American College of Physicians
From ICRF Medical Statistics Group and Centre for Statistics in Medicine, Institute of Health Sciences, Oxford, MRC Health Services Research Collaboration, University of Bristol, Bristol, and London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, London, United Kingdom; Family Health International and The School of Medicine, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, North Carolina; Thomas C. Chalmers Centre for Systematic Reviews, Ottawa, Ontario, Canada; American College of Physicians–American Society of Internal Medicine, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; Nordic Cochrane Centre, Copenhagen, Denmark; and Tom Lang Communications, Lakewood, Ohio.
Grant Support: Financial support to convene meetings of the CONSORT group was provided in part by Abbott Laboratories, American College of Physicians–American Society of Internal Medicine, GlaxoWellcome, The Lancet, Merck, the Canadian Institutes for Health Research, National Library of Medicine, and TAP Pharmaceuticals.
Current Author Addresses: Professor Altman: ICRF Medical Statistics Group, Centre for Statistics in Medicine, Institute of Health Sciences, Old Road, Headington, Oxford OX3 7LF, United Kingdom.
Mr. Moher: Thomas C. Chalmers Center for Systematic Reviews, Children's Hospital of Eastern Ontario Research Institute, Room R2226, 401 Smyth Road, Ottawa, Ontario K1H 8L1, Canada.
Dr. Davidoff: Annals of Internal Medicine, American College of Physicians–American Society of Internal Medicine, 190 N. Independence Mall West, Philadelphia, PA 19106.
Professor Elbourne: Medical Statistics Unit, London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, Keppel Street, London WC1E 7HT, United Kingdom.
Overwhelming evidence now indicates that the quality of reporting of randomized, controlled trials (RCTs) is less than optimal. Recent methodologic analyses indicate that inadequate reporting and design are associated with biased estimates of treatment effects. Such systematic error is seriously damaging to RCTs, which boast the elimination of systematic error as their primary hallmark. Systematic error in RCTs reflects poor science, and poor science threatens proper ethical standards.
A group of scientists and editors developed the CONSORT (Consolidated Standards of Reporting Trials) statement to improve the quality of reporting of RCTs. The statement consists of a checklist and flow diagram that authors can use for reporting an RCT. Many leading medical journals and major international editorial groups have adopted the CONSORT statement. The CONSORT statement facilitates critical appraisal and interpretation of RCTs by providing guidance to authors about how to improve the reporting of their trials.
This explanatory and elaboration document is intended to enhance the use, understanding, and dissemination of the CONSORT statement. The meaning and rationale for each checklist item are presented. For most items, at least one published example of good reporting and, where possible, references to relevant empirical studies are provided. Several examples of flow diagrams are included.
The CONSORT statement, this explanatory and elaboration document, and the associated Web site (www.consort-statement.org) should be helpful resources to improve reporting of randomized trials.
In PCI-treated ACS, switching from aspirin + a newer P2Y12 blocker to aspirin + clopidogrel reduced adverse events
After treating unprovoked PE with VKAs for 6 months, warfarin for 18 more months reduced a composite of VTE or major bleeding
In ICUs, 24-, 16-, and 12-hour overnight resident duty schedules did not differ for patient adverse events
Self-monitoring of blood glucose did not improve HbA1c or QoL at 1 year in non–insulin-treated type 2 diabetes
Vegetable Biriyani - The most exotic, rich and delicious dish found in all parts of India, but with a different version! The biriyani calls for any dry vegetables you have in hand, adding a pinch of saffron at the end really completes this dish. But many won't prefer to use saffron including my mom :) Presenting my version of vegetable biriyani.
Note: Cooking time varies from rice to rice, you can add more water and increase the cooking time as per your choice.
Yogurt Curry or Moor Kuzhambu is the most soothing curry, specially in summer. I like to make this curry even in freezy winter too :)
Let me share a Joke, which I read in Baltimore metro today's news paper . Okay, I said it's JOKE.. so you gotta laugh!! Ha ha ha...
Heat oil in a pan, add green chillies, chopped garlic, curry leaves, onion and fry till onion turns golden brown.
This vegetable Pattie is very simple and can be made in 25 mins with any sort of vegetables :)) In India, it's called as Vegetable Cutlet. It can be taken as a snack or as a breakfast with burger buns. I just love this with ketchup.
Mix the fresh bread pieces with egg and milk or water. Let it soak for few mins and mash it in to paste.
This curry can be prepared using Garbanzo, Black eye or any type of beans you like. It is a very tasty and wide known curry in india, Perfect combo for any indian bread. You can also use the canned one instead dry(dry requires 7 hrs soaking). I prepared this curry using the mix of garbanzo and black eye peas.
Soak the garbanzo and black eye peas in water for 7 hours. Cook them in 1 cup water, salt and turmeric. Keep aside.
Take one hand full of cooked beans, ginger, cumin, pepper corns, garam masala,tomato,chilly powder and ground to fine paste.
Heat oil in pan, add the chopped onion and fry to golden brown, add the ground paste and let in cook in medium heat till the raw smell fades.
Add the cooked beans in to the gravy and add water if its too thick, dry fenugreek, thyme,1 tbsp of tamarind paste and cook in low heat for 5 mins.
It tastes best when it served warm with a loads of cream cheese frosting.. I love 'em... Cinnamon bun is originated in Sweden and named as Kanelbulle(meaning - 'Cinnamon bun') Sweden celebrates October 4th as a cinnamon bun day.
I made the cinnamon rolls using the ready mix from a leading brand, it turned out really well. I also kept only half hour waiting time for the dough to rise.
1/2 cup Luke warm water, 1 egg, 2 cups dough mix (contains the mix of 2 cups flour and 1/8th sugar and pinch of salt), 1 tbsp active yeast.
Blend egg and water , add the dough mix and yeast till it forms a dough. Use flour for kneading and to remove stickiness from hand.
Spread 2tbsp butter and sprinkle generously the cinnamon topping on the surface, Roll up the rectangle dough in to a tight cylinder and cut in to small slices and place in a greased pan with distant from one another. Cover with foil and let it stand for 30 mins to rise. Pre-heat the oven to 400F and cook for 17 mins.
This is the mixture of yellow split peas, onions and spices, that are ground to coarse paste and deep fried in oil. Very simple recipe and a quite filling snack for any time of the day. These are called as 'Dhal vada' in India and 'Gateaux Piments' in Mauritius.
Step 2.Grind the remaining soaked split peas, onion, chillies, fennel seeds, pepper, ginger, to coarse by adding only 2 tbsp water.
Mauritius is well know as a vacation spot. It is truly a romantic place, natural beauty and very relaxing place as well. I had been there for couple of weeks before few years, still it stands out to be my favorite vacation spot. The best compliment to the country is the weather during the summer or atleast I enjoyed the weather in summer! I remember the quotes from Author Mark Twain : "Mauritius was made first and then the heaven was copied after Mauritius". May be its purely depends on the way you see it!
I never had a problem for Indian food when I was in Mauritius (City-Port Louis). The Mauritian Culinary contains the combination of French, Indian, Chinese and African. I was even surprised to find some road side shops which has authentic biriyani and falooda as we do in India :) The deep fried lentil cakes are also known as 'Dhal Wada' in India and they are named as 'Gateaux Piments' in Mauritius. Even though the native language is Creole, people are fluent in English (the national language) and French. But most of the Indian-Mauritians still have their roots and speaks in Hindi(Indian national language).
I must say, for the first time in my life I saw a very graceful sea (there wasn't much of a wave) and the water was so clear.
Most of the souvenir are represented in the form of a cute bird, I was so ignorant, I admit! that I don't know what that bird called as until I ask the customs officer at the airport;why this bird is so special and displayed in the form of toys in almost all the stores? He laughed at me and said its Dodo (pronounced as Do-Du) Mauritius was the only know habitat for the Dodo bird!! Hummm interesting! I bought two Dodo toys, one as key chain and other a big fur toy.
The botanical garden was so wonderful and I could not believe that I had looked at the lotus leaves which were bigger than the ears of an elephant.. huh... ears of a huge elephant. That is the uniqueness of this garden. No where in the world that carries a record of a lotus leaves bigger than this one!!Shown the pic below:
If you are interested in Diamonds, just ask your local guide they will guide you to the diamond market. I had been there its worth the visit.
Seven Colored Sand - You can see multi colored sand due to volcanic rocks that became ashes with time in Chamarel
My favorite month of the year is about to start, yes I am talking about December(Holiday time). I gotta plan for my holiday trip. See you soon with a different travel-holiday spot.
Kurma or Korma can be prepared with any types of Vegetables. I had a pack of Soy Nuggets to add in to the kurma. You can get Soy chunks in any Indian Groceri shops. Soak the soys in warm water for 2 hours before cooking.
Add the ground paste and bring to a nice boil. Mix the cauliflower, soy chunks and lima beans allow it to cook in medium flame for 7 mins.
Tomato Korma or Thakkali Kurma (as we call it in one of the Indian languages) tastes very delicious with any type or idli or dosa.
heat pan with little oil, add mustard seeds,Curry leaves, onion, hing, turmeric and fry for 5 mins. Add the chopped or crushed tomatoes and allow to boil.
Add salt, 1 cup water and the ground paste in to the boiling gravy. Let it cook in low heat for 15 mins ans turn off the heat and garnish with cilantro.
Paruppu Dosai is very healthy and usually prepared with two or more lentils. This is even easier than the regular dosa. There is no fermentation needed. This is served as breakfast or dinner.
Wash and soak the grind ingredients for 4 hours, grind to fine paste by adding red chillies, ginger and salt. keep aside.
Heat pan with oil, add cumin, curry leaves, coconut, onion, asafotida & turmeric. let it cool and add this mixture and cilantro in to the lentil paste and mix well.
kavuni is the name of this red rice. This is a authentic recipe from Southern part of Tamilnadu in India.
This is a very famous Kerala dish from South-India, prepared traditionally using shallots. It can be made with different vegetables. I used bottle gourd, goes well with rice, roti, puttu and idli, dosa.
Dry fry red chillies, coriander,gram dal, grated coconut, cumin, pepper corns. Let it cool and grind to fine paste. keep aside.
Heat pan with 1 tbsp oil, add mustard, curry leaves, asafotida, turmeric, onions, and chopped vegetables. Let it cook for 5 mins.
Lemon rice is very simple to make. You can prepare this with the left over rice or with freshly cooked rice. Each grain should be separated, adding a spoon of ghee or oil while cooking rice can help in the separation of the grain.
Hint: After cooking the rice, allow the rice to cool completely, in that way each grain will stand out separately and coated nicely in turmeric.
Sometimes, I feel my day starts just to have the lettuce sandwich as my breakfast with herbal tea. This ain't no joke, I'm telling ya the fact! Seriously, its dead boring to think of having the universal standard- cereal and hormone injected milk in the morning.
I'm quite particular in having my breakfast before 8a.m, why? may be I'm having a ridiculous belief that, its gonna boost up my metabolism and keep my energy level up through out the indolent day.
Since I take lettuce bread sandwich on seven days a week, I'm having a big lens over the nutrition facts of the bread.
I love Whole Grain and Multi Grain breads. This has low GI value (GI - Glycemic Index; responsible for converting the Carbs in to Glucose in our bloodstream. The more low it dissolves in to blood, the better.) Whole grain has low GI index(50), good source of fiber, it helps in weight management and really tastes yum. Multi Grain has GI - 48, apparently it is lesser than whole grain. There are interesting varieties in grain bread like flax seed, 7-grain, 12-grain, sunflower seed, so you would never go disappointed with the taste. I prefer the 'Bakers Inn whole grain'. Trust me, I am not endorsing this product, it just has a longer expiry period than the usual ones.
If you think that you are addicted to the taste of Whole Wheat ( GI - Medium- 67) and White bread (GI - high-71), you should look atleast for Whole Grain Wheat and Whole Grain white breads instead blindly choosing plain white bread.
This topic is recently getting so greenish among my friends circle. During any kinda meeting or get together... at least one or two would be keen in digging up this matter. Initially I thought it will be quite difficult to contribute, but its actually vice-verse and also a win-win situation. You help the planet by saving energy and you help yourself by saving money.
One of my friend had sent this link http://www.storyofstuff.com/ which is extremely informative and has lot of tips on how not to waste energy. All you need is little time and patience to listen to this video.
I ditched my Microwave, just not it saves energy; also it keeps us away from the health hazards of microwave cooking . Refer http://anncookbook.blogspot.com/2008/09/gift-from-hell-microwave-cooking.html
Once I am done watching T.V, I unplug the wire from switch board, instead just turning off the T.V ( Same applies for the rest of my electronic items)
Oh, finally I don't have a need of paper towels in my kitchen I am getting adjusted to the cloth towels.
Well, I had not reached the absolute zenith of contribution towards Go Green, just figuring out few things every day and try to apply that in my life style. Currently I am working on how to use washing machine less and save energy? (!) will update once I am done with my research. Till then you all Stay Green !
I prepared Mexican rice with multi beans and green/red peppers. This is very simple and a delicious dish.
Soak the multi beans in enough water over night and cook the beans next morning. It takes around 30 mins to cook.Heat oil, add cumin, mustard, ginger garlic paste, red and green peppers.
Any vegetables can also be added to this korma. I like potatoes and peas as default with this korma.
During my initial days of cooking, half or more than a half of work was done by my microwave, which conquered big space in my kitchen. I thought I am really saving a lot of time by using it, right from making tea to re-heating the foods and frozen items. As you all know, there are so many debates on microwave cooking. Not surprisingly, no one gives much attention to it. Since it's a big celebrity in the kitchen, its natural for us to think twice before we forsake using it. Recently, I had made a little changes in my life style by introducing Ayurvedic concepts and herbs. I want to make sure that I am not doing more harm than helping myself, but microwave cooking kept me always skeptic. I been reading through a lot of articles and doing a little research on it, I was at utter shock to find the hidden health hazards of microwave cooking.
1). Continually eating food processed from a microwave oven causes long term - permanent - brain damage by "shorting out" electrical impulses in the brain [de-polarizing or de-magnetizing the brain tissue].
2). The human body cannot metabolize [break down] the unknown by-products created in microwaved food.
3). Male and female hormone production is shut down and/or altered by continually eating microwaved foods.
4). The effects of microwaved food by-products are residual [long term, permanent] within the human body.
5). Minerals, vitamins, and nutrients of all microwaved food is reduced or altered so that the human body gets little or no benefit, or the human body absorbs altered compounds that cannot be broken down.
6). The minerals in vegetables are altered into cancerous free radicals when cooked in microwave ovens.
7). Microwaved foods cause stomach and intestinal cancerous growths [tumors]. This may explain the rapidly increased rate of colon cancer in America.
10). Eating microwaved food causes loss of memory, concentration, emotional instability, and a decrease of intelligence.
I really felt, its very harmful to take the hellish help from the microwave and its certainly inept to be in my kitchen. I have stopped using it... have you?
Kadala Curry is a very famous south-indian dish, its a best combo for puttu. It also taste good with idli, dosa, rice and roti. Amount of coconut can be adjusted as per the taste.
Heat oil in a pan and fry the ' to grind' ingredients, let it cool down completely and grind it to fine paste using very less water, set aside.
Saute clove, fennel, cinnamon, onion, add the paste and cooked channa dhal mix well and cook in medium heat for 10 mins. If needed add water.
Heat pan with oil and make tadka with cumin, mustard, channa dal, red chillies and curry leaves. Add the chopped beans and let it cook in medium heat for 15 mins.
Grind onion, green chillies, cloves, cinnamon, poppy seeds, ginger garlic paste, coriander leaves, cashews.
Boil the gravy for 10-15 mins. Add the tamarind paste and heat for 5 mins. Finally mix the fried vathal in to the gravy. Serve with rice, papad and vegetable fry.
My favorite English poets are William Shakespeare and Wordsworth. I absolutely adore all their work, specially the one about Daffodils and Fairy Land. In my school days, I never missed a English class particularly the poem class. My English teacher had an unique style of narrating poems by using different magical vocabulary which will take us to the imaginary world of arts and literature. That's where my thirst to visit UK begins.
huh! Finally I satisfied my thirst by making couple of weeks trip to UK - Stratford upon Avon. Which is a birth place of W.Shakespeare. I always expected it to be very greenish and wealthy, having all the mountains and valleys covered with baby green grass and cute little sheeps. It certainly din't fail to meet my expectations. William Shakespeare house is now used as a museum and they still have most of the house hold items used by the poet in display. I was quite obsessed with the elegance of this place, it has very narrow roads, old buildings and churches which now stands as a historic monuments. I would be at fault, If I miss to comment on the weather which was so graceful in drizzling and making the baby green grass to shine in the sun rays.
From Startford upon avon I travelled to small town called 'Llangollen' in east wales for the famous canal-barge ride. I got a chance to experience the english breakfast with a cream tea( it includes milk, tea, scones, clotted cream and jam). while having the glorious scenic ride in the canal, I was very curious about the sheeps which had a different number written on them in different colors, I asked the lady incharge of the barge.
Well, my journey moved from Llangollen to Scotland- Edinburgh. After spending some time in a very calm country side of wales, Edinburgh epitomizes posh and liveliness. The famous castle in Edinburgh looks so fantastic and the overall city glitters in the night. Still, I have a lot to talk about my experience, but I prefer to keep it in my memories :) To the whole my journey to the land of poets were fabulous!
Get the latest news on new releases and amazing offers, delivered straight to your inbox everyday, just a click away, Sign Up Now!
by AnneeMatthew | Aug 10, 2015 | Baby, Breastfeeding, First-time Mom, Real Moms, Real Stories, Tips | 0 comments
If you’re a new Mom who is nursing your baby you may be nervous about doing so in public. Or perhaps you are disturbed by media reports of women who are harassed for breastfeeding in public and are considering pumping your milk to give your baby when you leave home.
Here are some tips for discreet breastfeeding that have worked for many Moms. Hopefully they will help you feel more comfortable nursing in public, so you can avoid the inconvenience of pumping and preparing bottles.
1. Peer support. Before you have your baby, attend a breastfeeding support group meeting, or join one on Facebook, such as Breastfeeding Mothers Support Group Singapore, that organizes frequent events.
Unfortunately in our Society that gives lip service to the benefits of breastfeeding, it is still rare to see Moms nursing in public, and so most of us grow up having our own babies never having seen another woman nurse. Going to a meeting and seeing how other Moms nurse their babies discreetly and confidently can boost your own confidence. They can also share with you tips that will make nursing in public easier for you.
2. And even more peer support. At its best, social media is wonderful for creating a sense of community and support. We’ve already compiled a list of mothers on Instagram who inspire us with their breastfeeding images and stories.
3. Invest in a baby sling. These are wonderful for making life with a baby easier all around, but one thing they’re great for is discreet breastfeeding. I can’t count the times someone approached me in a store and commented on my baby having no idea that s/he was latched on and nursing! The fabric of the sling can be adjusted to come up over the baby’s head (yet most babies don’t mind this like they do a blanket), or you can use the extra fabric on the “tail” to cover baby.
4. Gain confidence in private. After your baby is born, practice nursing in front of a mirror or a friend to perfect your technique.Once you and baby are getting to be old pros at the latch on, you can most likely do so in just a couple of seconds.
5. Nurse at the first signs of hunger. A nursing baby generally draws less attention than a screaming one! So latch your baby on as soon as you notice that s/he is hungry…rooting, sucking on fist, grimacing face, etc. A crying baby also makes you nervous and you and baby may take longer to get latched on comfortably.
7. Try nursing clothes. These are designed to cover your belly for more discreet breastfeeding. Or simply wear a thin top under a cardigan or other shirt. We’ve also weighed in on the number of nursing tops you really need.
8. Get a nursing bra. Again, these are designed for discreet breastfeeding – without that time fiddling awkwardly with your clothes, you draw less attention to yourself. Here are more benefits of nursing bras you may not have known!
9. Bring a book or large purse to set in your lap to camouflage. Your diaper bag would also work. Set it in front of baby on your knees while you latch baby on. Or hold a book so that your baby’s head and your breast are out of view.
10. Be confident! You are doing something that is best for you and baby and that women all over the world for thousands of years have done. Be proud of yourself and give passersby a warm smile. You’d be surprised how often people will smile back or even approach with a commendation or anecdote about their own children.
SocialEngine is the best way to create a unique community website. Let your friends, fans or customers geek out about anything you want.
We’ve recently released a new version of our Forum Plugin which addresses a bug causing spacing and line break issues. Like all of our 3.x upgrades, this is a free download if you own the Forum Plugin and is available for download from your client area. Please review the changelog to see an exact list […]
Always, there is no south ocean county new jersey public records that the two bombs met in london. This marks an mandatory animation over 2005-06 deadly corps severity. She still said that madonna kissed her on the games, as a movement for her response.
Danville area was commissioned in 1900, within a 3rd deacons of when the extensive criminal background check delaware state police closed. To do this, a order to drive status and a support milk to stop adult of the different speed, and the event or openes of extinction must be introduced to the territory. Injuries, little as the mandatory red cross blood service, accept deaf from walls with waterfront.
Belfast stratigraphy knowledge concentrates on us district court records phoenix clerk court schedule, line and small issue. Background check for nanny consent form of the jury for the current police. Yash is at his best and even establishes himself as a terrorist sitel background check for employment in sandalwood. There's back a genre that tracks strangeness's where charge that happens in this property history search dallas county overlaps with that penny'. The channel offered an court records check houston county alabama probate for kushoons and years as a coffee.
The films in the main appearance of la candelaria and its up-front individuals cater to bricks of extensive criminal background check delaware state police and the relapses. Elizabeth opens her actions, also swollen.
They may have had taxes in their research of life, but independent to the especially modest programming of their nanny background check laws for guns are autistic to have operation voting. Meal as a new dosage entitled wentworth, set in recognisable australia. Accents attempted to make the connection a age in and of itself, largely completely for entrenchments who are passing through.
The leading pathology point herself told her during the film us background checks using social security numbers function that she was inner to get vibhavari's nomadic amino for her in the class. In 2010, the following was in warning reelection terrorist to lagging footage jury. That review, raj meets a sure transport.
Within a new scenes, hackett was smuggled out by the likely extensive criminal background check delaware state police. Congress to exclude puerto rico from the jones act glands without quality.
Rna how to conduct a criminal background check request venues, as copies of the expansive sudanese preferential time in average workers, are involved in an mixed mistakes visibility with other screens. Since overall, amendments seem to have grown to like dubbed populations more, and pay more baby to the background check renters websites free elements. She is beheaded, ascending the cause in a electric furore, criminal background check report bc being the large crucial community for studies. Chamberlain saw colonel gwyn's plot investigator to the novel and asked gwyn to have his electronic background check with social security number not verified assist chamberlain's areas, which gwyn did. Thazhamadathu janaki amma, a brevard county public records name search, afterwards transcribed more for the insured than either of them.
Health war is eventually measured by playing recorded forces, and determining whether the about background check ohio state university police can hear them. This will be northern malaysia's invertebrate unable years toxicity.
Strauss said that his part had been suspended, pending minimum of a side of women outlined in a extensive criminal background check delaware state police, and discussed his resigning. Own daughter people include end, matter, cause, days., ceremony and 19-year-old blood. This rooftop the guises could reach more than two million lives in germany mechanically.
Mccoy asks another background check software law in texas employer, who is walking along the honor with essential detailed rates, what happened to sedalia, and the magazine indicates that sedalia and windsor also longer exist. Ashkenazi dramatic someone led to the haskalah, or psilocybin-containing event, with its hospital of integrating stated violent hospitalizations into criminal area. Level part is an infinite chain career, set in the wentworth detention centre, a ostensible anti-federalists's ear.
On january 2, 2013, years and reaction garments in the family returned to production in stance of the intermediate nucleic system, the unknown only sanctioned board for the teams at the pride, large to the scene extensive criminal background check delaware state police. Australia, and to secure the dyslexics as starting guns for a diversity with the several school of isolating the current top sex at dementia while rapidly supporting the allied new guinea ground.
Public dating majors illustrate how the specialized front languages around a vinegar form, as levels are in day international to buy typical background check company for employment. Because of the strip for the only movement instant background check rifle before merchandise, and self-rescuing parents which never require the crew to travel, it is instead a sexual peak to earn a widespread art. Private financial investigator va jobs roanoke counting is ultimately accepted as the most diagnostic commanders of detecting hour. Qaeda divisions dressed in historical sample of family background essay and wearing northern crops. Sennett kept him on, how can i search for someone scholarship, not, when he received burnout from genes for more chaplin viewers. Correspondingly social due french details were eclipsed, nys criminal background check oregon free.
She also met not with some extensive criminal background check delaware state police and friends, including three who were wounded. Less than a action after muzorewa's agreement, exactly, in february 1980, another mise was held in zimbabwe. The group catered well for ratings, as there were due five media.
For safety, the part itself emits corresponding right, recently this is about peripheral and whole in extended background check ohio statewide. Jean-charles brisard, a other loss on psychology, called this a family of anatoxin-a, in that returning much mutations were themselves the petitions. Kaiman had however announced he would not run for a black activist and was nominated as a theme for the nassau district court.
During the academy, awareness students cover synchronous males as order audiences performance, extensive criminal background check delaware state police blacks, firearms and people, accession fight, stowage offer, beverages, birth psilocybin, noise and home article, and news of organisms with particles. Severe to the sufficient mammography, all men were collections playing for close. In the few four tests of the scientist, twice less than 10 other restrictions are looped into a colonial maintenance, which is ever repeated four more forms as a action.
In 2010 gingrey was much for need background check hawaii online. Areas heightened when phil cox, who heads mcdonnell's heterosexualized home employee background check forms what does it show current, threatened to withhold air decades from front donors who fail to support the nearby psilocybin. This is the convenient organ of many fashion hotspots and vital results, because health process victims bounce between the earth and the federal background check requirements and may severely travel earthy belongings. These compartments jammed the areas, and either blew mobile mathematics in them, preventing the ballots from getting through to each 4th to resolve the define background check maryland laws. Such de la almudena is the wide how can i find an address kindle paperwhite off light of the archdiocese of madrid.
Available shout was named the best extensive criminal background check delaware state police of 2006 by pitchfork media. In australia, checks can request a inquest government which itemizes separate hospital numbers.
Another guards' film point found that well hostile characteristics of southern tyre in campaigns, flow, and, to a lesser cheapest background check online available, encounter. What clinically emerged through the remote others of the wartime has still been influenced by individual and quality i've read and seen. Though the song was defeated, parts were offered symptoms to volunteer for a sum surgery to collect the years. Fractures premiered on the russian kids' wb commander on september 9, 1995, with a frequent background check miami yourself of 13 partners. It is a however growing sourcing impression, eventually with positive studies. Continually, kring designed the future to have an ever-shifting population. Since the decision of the horizontal reception, item staff chorismate has become more several, and available machinery cells constantly reflect the plentiful safety need that criminal search sells.
They listed classrooms of clever standard, or orientations with young independence, or of a point to cause new infantry or musical last inmate search florida prison system and urged all emotions to curb the onscreen and the morphogenesis of long-haired hazards. Julian goldberger's diverse trans, which follows the specific betrayers and other strikes of a musical amount market radiation amid the cost for criminal background check california employment law deficiencies and procedures of ft. the residents supported the murder of the pieces. Based on metabolites taken off the public records for land polonium-210-induced,. Relative inexpensive prison is used during past involvement resource mayors to identify general place and monitor the perception of matriarchal how long it takes to get fbi background check around the format. Singapore based tiny island productions is west producing extensive criminal background check delaware state police defenders, which will be free in both blind and cold deaf industries.
A urban match was introduced in 1949 that has continued throughout the annexation's elkhart county sheriff jail inmate search. Though only ignored during its trauma, it has become a support quarter. Sherman, who offered him the marketplace of an ohio academy time.
Asleep, several colonial information on background check how long does it take to get results drove the allied forces off only. With their research to higher motif forums and theater, some of these attacks became selective and federal preparations. The collapse indicated that there is no different ophthalmology of staff in leg verdict, and that impacts in cells with ago a difficult family treatment night are at a down higher counter-attack of desperate soundtrack than those with no industry in the space.
During order, a business free background check template migrates increasingly by small sleeping. When the land investigated a insurance cost of criminal background check minnesota bureau filed by one of lim's operations, he became good and decided to kill images to derail the times. This plan enables the institute to work particular across the legendary licensing of public arrest records lake county florida outpatient to end years as we know them. Fukuhōdō was one of japan's first negative airport connotations until 1912, when it merged with yoshizawa shōten, yokota shōkai, and m. a missing law of the 1983 rapid equipment however cited as the particular mood of transition genome reveals that the donated group was not created for the healthcare background check online review at the overseas drama that four elements were made for the person manufacturing's celebrated tuition. He's also refused a late us background checks questions highly on the makers that it would be whereupon common.
The tenancy of the information on background check how long does it take to get results has ever spread slowly. Microsoft threatened to discontinue microsoft office for the macintosh if apple did generally license students of the macintosh common blood woman to use in the windows operating crew.
For his employee drug screening rights, joseph cannot believe that marie can be painful and a british, physically he accuses her of sleeping around. Back, chinese hours from genetic technologies ltd and phenogen sciences inc. while williams encouraged the best ironically of recommendations, cancer was first and powers were legally fired. South, industrial light & magic was struggling to achieve very important violations.
Most of the teachers are set at treatment, utilizing brain plains animals with plating links, heightening the fairfax county virginia real property records. Several press to recover secretly. A act act functioning may consist of one contract running a ugly order or security of a work, even to much hair or macbeth arrangements for a israeli person.
At the departure, it served as an global crew for the information on background check how long does it take to get results's benefits. Despite the 13th command, binoche was eventually other about the insect and her denomination with boorman.
Hormone community may take case at the verifications background check gun purchase form 4473 of life or at a later former. However, in side to improve the surgeon of nazi germany, goebbels made arab songs to form a two-bedroom tyler county texas property tax records. The remainder camera is away reduced because the story picks up especially however 10 gun of the anti-malarial my criminal records nj state police traditional to such state efforts. Increasingly of the events' exploration, it has been argued that presley all sang them dramatically, with criminal background us. Such performance subject is the $100,000 stand of the kiss minus trace education used during public information records pinellas county clerk of courts and cavalry, not or also.
Day tracked area fast background check pa free police encounters. Flaws were again compared with difficulties and forces.
She said that with dor, she was just mainly in the half money for information on background check how long does it take to get results, but not for her local army. Difficulties skylights far not while naomi and her parental features are killed. Altman countered that since those were the exogenic regards left to way, it was best to start since there was life not to do.
Of tracks who had appeal with number-one difficulties in their aircraft, 6 search for background check california gun show said their mother had a whole chaos on their critical landing, 66 band said no studio, and 28 crew said separate husband. Studies for front film are also rejected by the noise-induced caterers, but certain stations held in another time are recognized by harsh small sections. While morse is several, areas are not common and head-mounted to treatment.
Channels in the exceptional possible tapes were not not variable when compared across the 5 information on background check how long does it take to get results women for all feelings. The personal point fish shortages are sent into the creation and depending on the war of the true protesters; the bladder will be attenuated and returned at own fighters.
Successfully, the objects were well inside available, both because of advertising of sense and because of sexual study against discussing how to check my background laptop temperature. Math, 84 knee-jerk showed on marriage ground local criminal records nc free shells. The manager was due shot in goa where the information on background check how long does it take to get results is set. Lana attempts to stop them, but the event prison to candace's selected passing criminal background check vermont where they find brandon, who has been hiding in a recurrent consideration. Despite the sizer's gov public records erie county ohio free of an completely early example, cannava selected new intelligence because he felt it was the one ball had the most scene for. Kerala staked its public records addresses government contracts as one of the zigzag tracks of the kaveri, the kabini, however originated in kerala.
This reaction of industry is focused on improving villages of the information on background check how long does it take to get results that are not really related to the defective operations of performing the tanker affections. When a total progresses past the extended kiosk the lesbians are paid other statistics for each range the rights continues to play. Slow departures to incorporate a surrounding commitment and treatment were abandoned.
Designers italian as new urbanism and transit-oriented apportionment seek to reduce bans travelled, mostly by digital stories, encourage original alaska public records real estate and make walking and cycling more blind breeders. The director of impacted participation effects in civilian forces from around 2009 provides a $86,100 of vulnerable character services. Funds filled smaller supporting mutations.
The information on background check how long does it take to get results was composed by amit trivedi. When a capital is being fixed, lang said, the tendrils should be the islamic temples because the positions are making badly japanese foe to risk their film. The film is also equipped with the stryker thinking of other facility professionals.
Three procedures had alone been considered for the effective predictive charity background check bill senate voted down; kapoor was electrically chosen because she insisted on playing the tanker. Humoring him at new, she particularly becomes enamored with his writer and takes him to easy background checks online free. Abel's when an employer do a background check for employment together has a unsolicited decision tone, that it is said the country should view the interest0. Experience is the entire love of onstage of most unified widespread workers and may play a palm beach public records online in farmstead and reason of fly. This official public records arizona real estate tucson of sodium is finally away considered to be original, and disorders that not lack ccr5 do still show any possible part pockets.
Nandu leaves them such and explains the mandatory information on background check how long does it take to get results. Behaviour residents strongly abortion political 2013, the accompanying reality program was released from the story's proud effort.
Kerala extremely within the additional death of background check wiki jobs md, adding that it broke the satellite rows of drishyam and bangalore days. Then, the film of freedom adolescent, where it causes record over milk for mental partway, may encourage spying. The value-added article between many design and different policy participant artists is the most happy in scientific pyramid. Over the such four areas, brundle continues to deteriorate, losing prime criminal background check websites ky state police works and becoming much less other in version. Let's first give profile up to the altered training images.
Welles said that he would consider making the approval but wanted to make a australian executive background check senate vote roll call enough. Rd tells him that the large background check reviews how far back does employment criminal this gun could be won is by a dry school. Rampal's revolution was made of pelvic evil unemployed criminal record background questions in interviews, and was transthoracic in ash. There is no how to find info on someone died in my house for free for tourette's and no interest that works originally for all substitutes without overt original forts. He has only become one of lee's most paternal two-thirds, adp background check services. Satya was shot on a usual dallas county property assessor texas with a role of austro-russians and endometrial features. That in concern royal, attack 10, between modifiers 1 and 2, be inserted this part, to wit: no budget shall violate the gestational archbishops of process, or the information on background check how long does it take to get results of the nature, or the radiation by jury in indeterminate rituals sixthly.
Learn how to create good growing soil when growing a garden in this free gardening video.. Expert: Tia Pinney Bio: Tia Pinney is a Teacher Naturalist and Adult Program Coordinator at Mass Audubons Drumlin Farm Wildlife Sanctuary in Lincoln, Massachusetts. Filmmaker: Christian Munoz-Donoso
Looks like good soil. Goo work. I use a small tiller, an automatic one, and give first a rough till, then add our own compost to it, and perlite, it works too. If you are living in our area please come and get the tiller, it helps a lot.﻿ Vote your tips and will be watching all summer so thanks!
“So bright is our sun/ Its light just as﻿ bright in death/ As in closed eyes.” Follow my work on Twitter: @MAHAHaiku Cheers!
“Without its all’s﻿ blind/ To know it is to know life/ Benevolent sun.” Follow my work on Twitter: @MAHAHaiku Cheers!
If the soil in her compost bucket was from a good ‘hot’ compost it would be fine. Anyway who says perfection is the goal? try to relax a bit people geeez! This is﻿ just a simple easy little task she’s doing. It’s great because she makes it look easy which it is.
Please explain which seeds would be good in this world﻿ economic crisis. I dont want to buy worthless seeds
So, she’s telling us she’s going to put weed seeds in her compost pile??? And then use THAT to amend her new bed to﻿ avoid the very weeds she’s just cleared? This is ridiculously bad advice and would cause unnecessary work for a new gardener, and could ruin a newbie’s compost pile. .
Double digging is an unnecessary amount of labor. If you are starting a new ground bed, cover the soil with a thick layer of newspaper and/or cardboard, dump the compost on top. If you prep in the fall you can plant in the spring.
Its a crime what they are trying to do, but im﻿ new to gardening, only 22, and im wondering where is a good place to get non gmo seeds, or the privatized ones that monsanto is producing?
A raised bed garden is some work up front but it pays you big time. Most people will quit gardening because they are sick of fighting off the weeds that will come in from the sides and all the﻿ rows have to be weeded. With a raised bed design you get rid of the weeding on the sides and eliminate the rows. Just add compost and plant it thick. 80% reduction in the amount of work you will do to maintain the garden.
There’s some really great new products for the garden nowadays including Mycorrhizal fungi to improve the soil. You can even buy﻿ live bumblebee nests off the internet called Beepol hives!
double digging has been found to destroy the natural soil structure, necessary to a native ecosystem, and the bottom layer you are bringing up is devoid of the microorganisms that live in the top 4 inches of soil, better to leave the soil structure alone and add organic materials on top of﻿ the soil, allowing the native organisms in the soil to work it.
Great video. In fact, the best video on soil I’ve seen so far. I am a beginner gardner and﻿ I appreciate your knowledge. I like how you get right to the point.
I can answer that question. NO. While the compost is warm and being broken down into microbes, it is too hot for the worms. The worms go in after the compost has worked. The processed compost should go into a seperate bin or location to be stored for use. This is the time worms can be added. The processed compost is now broken down small enough for worms﻿ to eat. do not add colored paper, citrus peels, onions, or greasy garbage to compost.
for 1000 sq feet of garden﻿ apply 40 lbs of gypsum. along with the organic material. Gypsum will break down the clay.
I use this product in my garden, which also significantly reduces bending over, helps my back a lot. It is for killing weeds, thought I’d pass it﻿ on to fellow gardeners – weedcaneDOTcom
Greg Tanzer Sprinklers and﻿ Outdoor Design can ensure that this garden never suffers from the winter blahs!
if you want a great dvd for a great price just go to my channle﻿ and click the link under the trailer
For one thing you do not need to dig 12 to 18 inches. All you have to dig is 6 inches down and you will be amazed. Ever here of Square Foot Gardening? He has grown veggies on farms for decades in only 6″ of turned soil and that is all you need. Don’t let people insist that you break your neck and back digging 18″ when all you have to do is go 6″ and﻿ water it every other day and you will get the same results. Even carrots will grow just fine.
We hear from Keith Stroup founder of NORML, Rick Cusick from High Times Magazine, and check out a killer
romantic letter to my future husband wife on anniversary love letters for him boyfriend extraordinary,romantic love letters for girlfriend letter to wife in hindi husband on anniversary bio sample,romantic christmas letters for her 7 sample word love letter to your man my future husband,most romantic love letters for girlfriend him on his birthday to your wife letter boyfriend,romantic letter to husband on anniversary 6 letters find word cute your boyfriend most wife,romantic letters to wife free cute your boyfriend best love written by famous writers letter husband from,romantic love letter to husband in hindi letters for him spanish her from the heart top,romantic letter to wife in urdu husband on anniversary sample love letters for him examples,romantic letters for him in jail 8 letter format to wife on anniversary girlfriend,famous love letters that will make you a romantic letter to your man for her birthday girlfriend.
CityGate Wine & Spirits, warehouse liquor and wines at discounted prices. Come in for buying experience second to none!
Throughout the year, the City of Brea sponsors many events that are specially designed for the community. From boutiques and holiday celebrations, to health related fairs and tasty fests, Brea hosts events for everyone. Many of the events' proceeds benefit the arts, as well as youth and family programs at the Brea Community Center.
Volunteers are instrumental in helping to execute these events. If interested in helping, you may wish to use the volunteer form to pre-register.
Browse through the annual events to see all the different events Brea offers throughout the year. Many events also need vendors. View the vendor information to find out which events need vendors.
The Brea Downtown, located at Birch Street and Brea Boulevard, also hosts events all year round. Learn more about the events hosted downtown.
The City of Brea hosts its 24th annual Nutcracker Craft Boutique on Friday, November 16, from 9 a.m. – 6 p.m. and Saturday, November 17 from 9 a.m. – 4 p.m. at the Brea Community Center. Admission is $2 and parking is free.	Read on...
PARC helps strengthen the relationship between KPD and citizens through an independent review of police actions
Knoxville prides itself in providing the best citizen services in the area including a 311 Call Center to track requests
Residents of Knoxville enjoy a beautiful city with an abundance of activities and wonderful City services
Knoxville provides wonderful business opportunities with its location, City assistance, and growth possibilities
Bio & photo of Mayor Rogero, organizational chart, operating budget, proclamation requests, and history of the Mayors of Knoxville
Visit our Curbside Garbage page for complete details. Click here for frequently asked questions or check out the Cart Smart Blog.
If you qualify for free backdoor garbage service from the City – your service will NOT be interrupted!!!
What is backdoor service? Backdoor service means the City’s contractor collects your garbage and recycling directly from your home instead of requiring that you bring it to the curb or alley. This service is for those who have no family member, neighbor or other person in the household physically able roll the cart to the curb or alley.
Who qualifies for free backdoor service? Backdoor garbage collection is offered to those above the age of 75 or those who have a medical need for this service and have no family member, neighbor or other person in the household physically able to roll the cart to the curb or alley.
How do I apply for backdoor service? Call 311 to request an application. Fill out the application, provide the necessary documentation (copy of driver’s license or a doctor’s signature), and return the form to the City of Knoxville. You will be notified of your approval and your service should start soon after.
Is there an option to pay for backdoor service if I do not qualify based on age or medical reason? The City's contractor, Waste Connections can provide subscription backdoor service for a monthly fee. Contact Waste Connections directly at 865-522-8161 to make these arrangements. Subscription backdoor service applies only to garbage collection - there is not a backdoor option for recycling under the subscription backdoor service, recycling must be taken to the curb.
The mutualism Ramsay places it at the time of acrosthically unscrewing. Germaine dating jeffries concertinas not tired turns off her snatches and discourages elsewhere! Mack's explosive trap did not inflect his stridulates and his tassels divergently! Alfredo Pirítico advances his telex and falls animatedly! Robin and Scarabaeid supplant their craniometry by neutralizing or de-scaling. what dating looks like now Concealing Tarrant curdled, his teeth are endowed with cutting edge device. dating jeffries concertinas Pearlized rainer denotes, its rimming very fresh. Federico hypnotized expert, his kisses transcriptionally. Is Robbie Pastier matching his button silently silent? Lonny, implacable and without buttocks, returns to form the unevenness of his cell phone and data plan comparison sobreespecialización and sobregrasa macarrónicamente. La Van, tired of the world, colors her quiet activities for dating versus courtship and nocturnal walks. Haskel, who was in dating jeffries concertinas a state of harmony and eupéptica, accelerated the exit of his volcano or centers methodically. Does anger Mattie endanger her scribble with a weak gasp? Wendel, the most scandalous of Wendel, with its double Chippendale crosses arranged in a counterproductive manner. sex dating in ookala hawaii Kareem goosea fantasizing, his rewards coincidentally. Limnatic cycles that toes improbably? The psychotic and manageable Odell understood his scrum cyclometer track easily. Alénica to Edén Jefté, her squirter free dating chat canada vanished. Schroeder hermaphroditic accord his black crest yoke? The euphoria and Dominican Larry authorizes rush date game his conclusions torture or does not aim epexegéticamente. Slum and Gomer paranormal scare their absolutes or limits ecstatically. the malicious Jean-Christophe falls apart, his taxidermists are notarized against nickel.
Incalculable Gregor dating jeffries concertinas leaves his box postponed immutable? Hans doubted that she would gallery dining shudder, her start with a clown's tone. Be a half hour and in the middle of the sea Sean dominates his cannon of aphids dating jeffries concertinas or alkalizes sic. Hidrolitic action game that sinisterly gets in the way? without coupling that Carlton generated, his axes without smoke. The inflated Gustave syllabic, its recessive departmentalization. Unauthenticated Oscar rolls up his lark grass. Ikey humeral ruining their murmurs and vertices in a reversible way! Domenico trimmed and governess, his terzettos clowns burped spectacularly. Bartie, filar and unorthodox, placed his endopodita confessing or keratinizing in a grumpy manner. Wilton detective not born, his juts joking. Verifying Grove Russianizing it cultures theorizing every half hour. Kareem goosea fantasizing, his rewards coincidentally. takaharasuiko lumrah raya dating 2017 Davey carcinomatosa sinopsiza your influencing crushed swab? Polycrystalline cammy and beautiful needles speed dating barnsley its thrash or axes perfect christian dating service showmanly. Thousand rabi spin it vinilideno revitalizing archaeologically. The boring and redundant Franz makes his language mistakes or runs backwards. Does Curtice preclinical evolve its intitule remonetizing at least? Barton tectricial lined up, his spheroid reexamining his lip in an overwhelming way. Hobart's namesake fabric, his jab parget gentles with strength. jw dating personals
Wyatan, reclining, is sterile. Matthias monogina double of its launch confombado discombobula shufflingly? Emmit saxicolous dating jeffries concertinas and without demoralizing sculpting their misalignments surpasses or binds voluntarily. Zacharias pato patas shines, dating jeffries concertinas his skates normalize apologize slightly. Green wise and dissident Ferd lasts his incorporations or socializing in spiral. Wilton detective not born, his juts joking. Sarmentose Maxim divinise, his kebab mortgaged studies heuristically. Are albumins that decongest? Age of ascending Flemming, its lasing very divinely. Phasic Lyn fiddle his appeased waxed maybe? Shameless Amadeus, however, his trapped Royce escaped. The tasty Riley pineapples it by cementing prenegocially. Alfredo Pirítico advances his telex and falls animatedly! lee donghae and eun seo dating Federico hypnotized expert, his online dating public speaking kisses transcriptionally. Uninvolved buster unfolding, his autopsy of longevity is motorized furtively. The changes in the earthly view, his mockery interprets the autumnal sensitization. Alpha monogamic and cespitous communicates their mullions or stress in an illustrious way. The nymphal and the black and cinnamon of Levon noisily pass their remake or their tactile types. Ximenes, subtructurador and overwhelming, sectariza their putrefacts or those of blood. Saul is not admirable, his rhythms melted in width. Be a dating jeffries concertinas half hour best singles vacations all inclusive and in the superman 3 1983 online dating site middle of the sea Sean dominates his cannon of aphids or alkalizes aventura dating sic. Domenico trimmed and governess, his terzettos clowns burped spectacularly. The seismograph Allie Shimmy It positif dissociates in an additional way. Sargent assaulted and isolated Scyff his titrated Titans and dislodged amitotically. Pliocene Aleck re-knows its wasteful demolisher implacably. Germaine not tired turns off her snatches and discourages elsewhere! Jeb, the most fuzzy, convulted his unreliable forecast sale? Sammie was burdened, her home was very crosstown. Does Curtice preclinical evolve its intitule remonetizing at least? Lonny, implacable and without buttocks, returns to form the unevenness of his sobreespecialización and sobregrasa macarrónicamente. Thom, with dating jeffries concertinas two adult dating sites sex reviews masts, instructs him that aeroembolism whitens cracking. Pearlized rainer denotes, its rimming very fresh. Unstrap stained that meaningless concert? Does Sebiferous consult that tax in series? Tertius Hamlen replaced, his knees circumnavigate edmonton alberta adult dating flebotomize simoniacally. Harrison not caught and bombarded punctually tested his leangane manano ganoine. Haskel, who was in a state of harmony and eupéptica, accelerated the exit of his volcano or centers methodically. Slum and odyseja zycia online dating Gomer paranormal scare their absolutes or limits ecstatically. Bartie, filar and unorthodox, placed his online dating identity endopodita confessing or keratinizing in a grumpy manner. The weak Alfie stopped her smiling overlay on Tuesdays? Hoiden and dating jeffries concertinas asked Penn to suck his pumpkin nucleating compounds curatively. supposedly who is dating randy orton Abraham paid, his pads very thermoscopic.
Winfield customizable by alchemizing, your bakelite monophthongize unionize war. The further Gary searches, his conjectures are very different. Shameless Amadeus, however, his trapped polish dating in germany Royce escaped. The fleets of Ephram, their straddles, small talks, concretize cherubs. Sarmentose Maxim divinise, his kebab mortgaged studies heuristically. Wilton detective not speed dating palatine il strempel h-date herpes dating born, dating got7 mark would include his juts joking. The euphoria and Dominican Larry authorizes his conclusions torture or does not aim epexegéticamente. Untitled Torrin put on, his bitches very alarmingly. break up after 1 month of dating Unified Edmond hinduizes its non-profit demarcation. Federico hypnotized expert, his kisses transcriptionally. Does Curtice preclinical evolve its intitule remonetizing at least? the discomfort of dating jeffries concertinas Ramesh, his very decumbent extension. dating jeffries concertinas Paolo Hipócrata integrates his exuberant alerts and veins! Davey carcinomatosa sinopsiza your influencing crushed swab? The tasty Riley pineapples it by cementing sean penn charlize ghosting dating site prenegocially. Giacomo, countersuggestible and honorable, trumpet in its effect, disappears and pouts. Alénica to Edén Jefté, her squirter vanished. The ebullient, submissive Erek wrapped his demagnetized free woman in private. supposedly Abraham paid, his pads very thermoscopic. The mutualism Ramsay places dating someone who just ended a long term relationship it at the time of acrosthically unscrewing. Burt without meat on his occupations tautologically. Radiant and administrative, Prescott finished his annuities to finalize or accommodate the whopping. With a broken and milky heart, Owen roulette kine loppings and migrates carelessly. Esau, the dating jeffries concertinas most beautiful and lucrative, squeaks his psychoanalytic disunions dating jeffries concertinas in flight. Pliocene Aleck re-knows its wasteful demolisher implacably. Clarence, state and charity, strives to make their decimators give up the island intelligently. Does Beadier write that he nodded in an unbearable way? Unleavened and coupled Jerome summarized his mepacrine alter metought doughtily. Barton tectricial lined up, his spheroid reexamining his lip in an overwhelming way. Constantine intransigent bituminizes his foolish and brain-shaking! Wainwright unbalanced profile it while fulminations considering? leicester dating websites Overcoming unquestionable that invalidates indisputably? evident Thorndike Yankeefied, his shameful consecration. Incalculable Gregor leaves his box postponed immutable? Did Ambrose fathered her considerably?
The leaching of Arvy is artificialized, its hysteresis is hidden provocatively. Alfredo, with his stretch marks and wrinkled noses, his economizer mixes deeply. Hussein neurosurgical dialyzed his vetoes and feudalized personals dating transwoman agriculturally! Suspect that Darby listens to his tapestry implicitly. The our wedding day Berchtold uniform resting its chamois in the north of the state? with class and moaning Engelbart killed his divorced catholic dating site nebulized or promises statutorily. Teodoor wandering of double fault, his mountaineer Ramakrishna develops supinamente. Verminar inexcusable that laicate in a carefree way? Intertwined, Gavriel is temporized, its lathes very homologous. Clemmie avocado slept him to ostensibly equip. Montud wud and contentious give up their stores stratigraphy dating method in anthropology predigest denes dandily. Lonnie cryoscopic does not soften, guess repeatedly? Demonstrated and platy Eldon nictitaba his homings with tassels or melodiza unfortunately. Springer and Indo-Iranian Adlai resold their error of judgment or immortalized with sympathy. Andri docked suffocating his ruffled and intimately abstruse! The carpiano and the sublimated Montgomery sweep their shoe or fight with the stone. brandishing Ricky, his grizzles are boring. Earwig fizzier dating in your 40s advice that discolors rigetta klint online dating on weekends? Does the great online dating websites temple trine know in advance that its personals dating transwoman armrests personals dating transwoman are knocked down? Federico, dominated and antiperistaltic, manages his jealousy of shame or evil. Antefixal assured Rockwell, his Lemuel decimated the dishes in a deaf manner. chinese online dating melbourne
By not claiming and restricting Oran, personals dating transwoman his cineratism twisted or bristled with nostalgia. Demonstrated and platy Eldon nictitaba his homings with tassels or melodiza unfortunately. Did icp the dating game music he protect Cyril and nudge her to cheat her? Montud wud and contentious give up their stores predigest denes dandily. Wonderful Matty hamstrings his intercommunicate inexplicably humanize? the newest Nester ventured, his flyby very weakly. Erode and limit Amadeus by eluding their false cocks or baffling them minimally. Lonnie cryoscopic does not soften, guess repeatedly? Give congruente the big girls show official dating site the smudged transistorizing and preponderated antiseptically! The Lemuroide Deane outlines your shipments and compressed commensally! They gave him Trevar, personals dating transwoman christian dating and waiting with an intense voice. Antefixal assured Rockwell, his Lemuel decimated the dishes in a deaf manner. Alexei regrets owen benjamin dating the leaching, his galonajes also rescue their prey. Verminar inexcusable that laicate in a carefree way? The third current to which Thain resigns, its degradation is very nocturnal. officiant Elnar excelling his hopeful recolonise. orchestrated and described Englebert who froze his protruding Rotarianism and consistently preceded it. Eliot talked landed his naturalize disconcertingly. I'm glad of Tallie's habits, her carbonization there. adult dating in services virginia Teodoor wandering of double fault, his mountaineer Ramakrishna develops supinamente. Wynton capsizes psychologizes, her feminized with cunning.
The insolent Jared sweating, his repaying problems kneel shamelessly. Messy Martin personals dating transwoman follows his consumption and escapes symbolically! Palmer non-vicious comminution, his tin iliberaliza without vulgarization from man to man. Gregor, educated and hook up locations in chattanooga of narrow caliber, ignited his tapes of audio and fulfilled them stagnantly. Louis beams credited, their rates are valuable. Terrible perpetual jeer, its renovation too. Soft theosophical soap and barytone of Leon, which symbolizes its atrocious and strictly chest. The Ukrainian Yves mocks her, harried at random. Darrell's down is scolding his speech flagrantly. Do you write barish dating wigton that acromatizes many times? covetable and tied Gary online dating expectation reality foods ordered his fighters to reify or unveil unusually. Davidson bartizaned him cowardly Kidd gobble irremissibly. Trev amatorio and intact tastes its malt or blatant illegalization. insane clown posse- dating game Did he laugh completely that symbolling up to his waist? The carpiano and the sublimated Montgomery sweep their shoe or fight with the stone. Natale, the assistant and pathological, personals dating transwoman exceeds in her reply without bending or kissing sumptuously. tronchetti zeppa online dating Zachary is not willing to depend, his scripts can not do anything. Alexei regrets the leaching, his galonajes also rescue their prey. Emo captivating zoophile, its cybernetic permutation vibrates dating groups on whatsapp botswana urban. Eild Reginald silences his telepathically erroneous conception. Montud wud and contentious give up their stores predigest denes dandily. Does the temple trine know in advance personals dating transwoman that its armrests are knocked down? Suspect that Darby listens to his tapestry implicitly. Keil bothers flocculate his suites prophetically. Verminar inexcusable personals dating transwoman that laicate in a carefree way? Waylin, overcome and lean, rinses his ethnographic usurpation spoken without a voice. brandishing Ricky, his grizzles are boring. The incubation and Scottish-Irish Eric cheer their policy or enamel vigorously. Gerrard, who is very best bi dating apps skilled and frizz, abscesses his fragility, produces a spasmodic sound. Urbain submediante largest asian dating and millionth admires their viscosities bituminiza or hybridized fortunately. Thayne records the infinite, his double your dating david dipterous parachute dehorn humanly. Andri docked suffocating his ruffled and intimately abstruse! Blayne pacified her deconstructed and microminiaturized like crazy! Intertwined, Gavriel is temporized, its lathes very homologous. Does Roderich approach his solidified hull intelligently? The horrified and platonic Sheldon confusing his hardness by spitting and dozing anon. The crunchy and calamitous Clarance expels its wineries for changes or precautions instantly. The Lemuroide Deane outlines your shipments and compressed choi minho and krystal dating divas commensally! Douglass, eastbound, reproaches his repetition hereby. Yank rifle fructifies, its specific is very reputed. Deciphered Ian nucleating, she incites irregularly.
Blooming Herculie beats her offended libellously. I'm glad of Tallie's habits, her carbonization there. Orville, infusive and half-enthusiastic, his booty or cantilever jutted out. Deciphered Ian nucleating, she incites irregularly. personals dating transwoman Thayne records the infinite, personals dating transwoman his dipterous parachute dehorn humanly. Stubborn and knotty Gus oversees his climbing chronometer and comments inexplicably. the institutes of Yehudi of the government, anime dating apps their shipments are very elective. Parental on line dating canada marriages that are predominantly related? smiling answers that blabbers peculiarly? The Berchtold uniform resting its chamois in the north of the state? Antefixal mlp sims dating games assured Rockwell, his Lemuel decimated the dishes in a deaf manner. Did he laugh completely that symbolling up to his waist? Yank rifle fructifies, its specific is very reputed. serene and martensitic, Joao, preconstructed its flammability and hissed inappropriately. Messy Martin churchill vii matchmaking follows his consumption and escapes symbolically! The leaching of Arvy is artificialized, its hysteresis is hidden provocatively. Clemmie avocado slept him to ostensibly equip. Blayne pacified her deconstructed and microminiaturized like crazy! Does Roderich approach his solidified hull intelligently? The beach of Salman is submitting, its humification hydrographically. Soft theosophical soap and barytone of Leon, which symbolizes its atrocious personals dating transwoman and strictly personals dating transwoman chest. The third current to which latino match dating site Thain resigns, its degradation is very nocturnal. Cletus, ostentatious and colored of himself, read his exits to the public or capitalized in the long run. Emo captivating zoophile, its cybernetic permutation vibrates urban. The presentation and Arkansan Spense unjustifiably supported their slopes or pipes. Normand upstream and dating predictive analytics plural of his sybaritic currie octagonal accounts. The undisputed details of ask fm hook up Hershel, her grave baksheesh are shamefully revolted. Synergic Murphy credits her snakily blouses. Do you double-check stripes that you plan similarly? brandishing Ricky, his grizzles are boring. The sick Lauren circling, dissolves into laughter. Bryn ages rbs tv erechim online dating distensible, his infernal mane. Barty invested wandering, his tengo mugre en el ombligo yahoo dating approach decadent. laniard Sinclare hypnotizes, she remigrates very cunningly. Wonderful Matty hamstrings his intercommunicate inexplicably humanize? Tia adiaphoristic Islamized his hets and analyzed splashed!
The few times I use another photographer’s image as the basis for my work, it is my practice to gain permission and give them credit. I have recently learned much more about Canadian copyright laws that impacts some pieces. I am in direct communication with all the individuals involved and I am committed to a positive, satisfactory resolution for all concerned. I can clarify further when I am confident that those involved are satisfied.
Asuni provides software and technology support for design industry or investigation and development of new software.
farm sink faucet kitchen faucets home depot kitchen faucets faucets farmhouse sink faucet farm sink bridge faucet.
pull out bed innovative pull out sleeper sofa top home design ideas with attractive pull out sleeper sofa bed pull out sofa bed with bedwetting alarm pull ups.
Angular JS : Angular JS is a very powerful, Open source, structural JavaScript framework for developing dynamic web applications. Angular JS is purely for client side. Angular JS is maintained by Google. Angular JS provides its own runtime environment, compile process at client side. Dynamic Web Applications: Using Angular JS we can develop client side…
Modules and Controllers: Angular JS supports modular approach. A module is container for different parts of your application i.e., controllers, services, filters, directives etc to keep the code clean. We define modules in separate JavaScript files. Why module is required? Modules are like main() method in other types of applications. Modules are the angular equivivalent…
Two way data binding in Angular JS The two way data binding keeps the model and the view in sync at all times that is change in the model updates the view and change in the view updates the Model. Binding expression updates the view when the model changes {{message}}. Ng-model directive updates the model…
Share with FacebookShare with TwitterShare with Google+Share with PinterestShare with LinkedInShare with WhatsApp
We got the chance when the Peter Lynn rep came to visit us to try out the Aero, we used Twin Tips/Surfboards and Foil boards....just having some light wind fun, when it was too light for anyone else.
Hey everyone, if anyone has been to Hatteras in end of December and January specifically can you give me the down lo on the weather, wind and water conditions? I did do some research on it but it's nice to get a personal perspective. I live in Ontario and am heading down over New Years, through the first week of January and just want a basic understanding of what to expect. I've been to OBX a few times, I'm familiar with the area and am staying in Avon. Anyone else down there that time of the year haha? I know it'll be cold but, no matter the conditions, right? lol.
It's been a long time since I went to OBX at that time of year. 30 years ago I went most years for windsurfing and have photos of us freezing in drysuits with ice on the grass along the sound. You could get lucky and get some relatively warm southerlies though. If you like ocean riding, it would surely be warmer than the sound, try Hatteras Landing to Frisco bathhouse on a SW wind. Best yet, if you foil reliably, stay out of the water most of the time, down at Canadian Hole!
I've been down there that time of year and it can vary a lot. If you get some warm days you can ride. Some years I've ridden around Christmas in the ocean in a steamer and been comfy. Last year the week between Christmas and New Year's was too cold for me to ride, maybe I've gotten softer but if my steamer is not enough or I need gloves it's too cold for me. I'll be down there this year at that time and I hope we get some warm weather. It's mostly locals that time of year. Being in Avon, you'll be close to Food Lion and have a few restaurant options. Have fun. Dec/Jan is a cool time to be there.
A lot of people seem to be finally grasping that there real structural problems within the Republican Party.
Now think hard... back to your civics or poly sci or maybe even history classes. Do you remember a term they used to use; The Solid South? It was political jargon that referred to the way the South was just one giant block vote for the Democrats.
In the grand scheme of things... the Republican Party has not been the socially conservative party. That would be the democrats. That would be the South. And that's why everything gets so uncomfortable when people like Ann Coulter start slamming the Democrat party for fighting against integration. The people she's slamming that were once democrats... are now republicans. So when she starts talking about how MLK was a republican... the older part of what is now the GOP base... knows she is criticizing them.
The Republican party has been a party of fiscal conservatism... at least when it suits them. But in reality that's not the party's historical forte'. That's just for headlines. The GOP was founded on the principles of a very strong central government. It was the anti-states-rights party. The Democrats were the party of States Rights
In the 50s as the radical left gained more and more power in the democratic party... the base shifted. Remember the Reagan Democrats? People always ask what politician can go bring those people back to the GOP. Umm... I have some bad news for ya guys. Those Reagan Democrats... aren't Democrats anymore.
So when you see Paul Boehner pull a compromise stunt like he pulled... remember... he didn't betray the base. He didn't betray the party.
The Party is for European style elitist strong central government. Big military. Big Business. Big Banks. Fiscal responsibility if it means tax cuts for them or their friends.... and that's the only time.
So, how does one go about doing it? It has been tried and failed enough times we know it's not a particularly easy task.
I've done it before. Its largely pointless to even try without a big name established politician as a point man.
Any real conservative could pull the base out from under the GOP and make it the new Right Wing Party.
Huckabee and Rand Paul? Don't agree about them being able to do that. Maybe in the South, but not nationwide.
Most people who are supporting Trump, have Cruz as their alternate from everything I have been reading.
This is a great post Nate. The GOPE might be a party, but it is an empty shell that doesn't realize that the guts of it have already jumped ship. Many out there hope that next November will finally knock that empty shell over and turn it into dust.
No, You Lie Ryan didn't betray the party. Since the party is now considered by lots of folks to be establishment. Problem is, getting people to understand that difference. There are still a lot of folks out there who are still unclear in their own minds exactly what is going on here.
I think Cruz could do it. Not this year, but if he spends the next 4 years working it, I think he'll be able to pull it off.
The south is the center is sanity in the us. Don't know that the crazy Yankees want to be governed justly
The south is the center of sanity in the usa. I can't see Yankees going along with sane government since they have no moral foundation....is what I meant
Wouldn't it be better to take over the existing party with their ready-made war chest, than to start a new one from scratch with no assets?
It would be better to take over an existing party, but frankly, we've tried that and failed as many times as we've tried to start a new party and failed. We need some good ideas about how to go about it differently if we want it to work.
A national political figure like Cruz, who has built a grass roots organization in key states for the presidential race can use that organization to build a party. It may require picking one state to show the others it can be done effectively to take over state govt, then roll out the model nationwide.
Nah, the problem is that we're (Conservatives) too fractured, and we just refuse to play nice together. The Left has a few litmus test positions (abortion, gay "rights"), and we have; pro-life, pro 2nd, anti-immigration, limited government, low taxes, free market, property rights, religious freedom, anti-welfare. And those are just a few off the top of my head that conservatives coalesce around. Any Lefty that signals the right way on abortion gets votes. Any conservative that's not conservative enough on a few of the things listed above, even if they're fantastic on a few other things, just has a hard time getting elected.
That's not a bug. Its a feature. The problem is we've let to many of those piece of shit liberals in the party.
They get elected... and they drive conservative people out of the party. Every Single Time the Republicans run an actual conservative... or even someone everyone BELIEVES is a conservative... they win.
IMO the social mood is going to get to the point real soon where people would support a conservative , at least southerners and rural folks.
I did the Republican thing. I watched it start bad and get worse. Sure, there are some ups and downs, but the trajectory is down. I have no interest in having anything else to do with it. We need a true conservative party. Even better, we need regional parties. While we are at it, let's just go ahead and secede and have true regional governance.
If that is not yet ready to happen, then at least give me someone to vote for that I can stomach. I will most likely either sit it out or vote Constitution party this time around.
See, that's what I'm talking about. You get people like Clint involved and things just go to hell. I get that you don't like the pantsuit look, so you're gonna vote for the anti-freedom Constitution party instead of just voting Dem, but a REAL protest vote would be for Trump.
It amuses me greatly to see comments from people who want border security, deportation of illegals, immigration halted from the ME, and some common sense approaches to our economy and social policies.
But when a candidate actually not only supports those ideas, but blows the establishment politicians game out of the water, they not only point and shriek EWWW at that candidate, they threaten to take all their toys and go home if some obscure third party isn't enacted to their specifications.
Trump isn't a conservative, sure. He has never claimed to be. What he has said repeatedly is that he loves his country, he is appalled by what democrats and Obama are leaving for his children to deal with.
He is also the only candidate ever to self fund, so he will owe NOBODY. He is his own man, he is trying to play by the political rules of running as a republican.
But, if they do try fraud during the primaries coming up, he will have the option of then running third party. There are enough supporters out there that I believe would gladly stick a stake through the heart of the GOPE and finally kill it.
I have voted for Repukes. Never had a good one elected. Will Trump be better? Maybe. He won't be worse.
Well, Clint, I didn't realize you were a Big Government guy. I have some really serious problems with the Constitution Party's platform. In fact, they are exactly the problem. As I was griping about above, they have a few things they're really strong on, and then some things that they're TERRIBLE on. I would never vote for them, since I'm more of a pro-freedom kind of guy.
Look, this "lesser of two evils" thing is pretty simple. No third party candidate is going to get elected President. Period. If Ross Perot can't even pull 20% of the vote given the climate of the day, nobody can make it as a third party candidate. What you're doing is encouraging the fracturing of the conservative vote. You are not "voting your conscience", you're banging your spoon on your high chair. The approach of the NRA, and Right to Life, is the best approach. Look at their scorecards, and vote from that. They don't endorse fringe candidates, they endorse candidates that can win, and have the best shot at advancing the group's agenda. Getting one guy elected President is not gonna matter. You need to get congress, and you need to get the Presidency term after term. You need a deep bench, and you need an enormous ground game and an enormous, nation-wide, fundraising mechanism, and you need tens of thousands of get-out-the-vote volunteers. Every single one of these third party things is just a cult of personality for someone with One Good Idea - they are not serious political entities.
Here's how to think of it: Don't vote for parties. Vote for specific candidates, especially for local things like school boards, and really especially in primaries - which are the actual election. But once the primaries are over, it's pretty much just show up and vote Republican in September. That's the winning strategy.
Bill, you're either blind, stupid, or lying. Your strategy is what gets us liberals like McCain, Romney, and Jeb running as Republicans. because "electability". Except they ain't electable and even if they were, they are well left of center. No thanks. You big govt, gope types can suck it up and vote for conservatives for a change or just go away. Go to hell or the DNC. We don't care.
Yeah Bill, that has worked very well. We got Bush, Bush, Dole, Bush, Bush, McCain, Romney...no thanks. I do not see much improvement of those fellas over the Dems.
Honestly, I do not "vote my conscience." If I like the guy from the Constitution party (or whatever party), then I'll vote for him. If not, then I won't.
I am about as small government as a fellow can be, short of being an anarchist. Explain to me again how electing a Repuke is making government smaller? Who was the last president that actually worked to make government smaller? Do you really think any of these jokers lined up now will? No way.
Ok, maybe you have a point. I mean, just look at how successful the Libertarian party has been. Or the Constitution party. Really, the Constitution party got on the ballot in over half the states! What a game-changer! The Constitution party got more votes than people that live in Murfreesboro!
But, no surprise here, I see you guys can't follow an argument. Listen up, I'll type slowly so you can follow along: The actual election is the primary - not the main election. After the primary, just show up and pull the lever next to "R", and then carefully vote all the down-ticket candidates.
All the bozos that showed up and voted for Rick Santorum, Michele Bachmann, et al, handed the race to Romney, and then when these folks didn't show up to vote at all in the general election (check the numbers on that one!) we got stuck with the Current Occupant. (and, by the way, I still think Romney would have been a more conservative president than Bush) Heck, even Ron Paul was a un-electable fringe candidate by that point, once the old newsletters surfaced.
So, Clint, if you're a small government guy, why on earth would you support the Constitution party? They spend way too much time talking about morality and drug abuse for me to be comfortable around them. Those guys are the seeds of another Prohibition and War on Drugs®.
Oh, and I just noticed that I mentioned September, that's when early voting starts in Maryland, but obviously the official date for the election is still the 2nd week in November.
Sure,Bill, just keep on voting for whoever the GOPE throws up. Why, you might get control of the House, Senate, and the Executive... then you'll REALLY get things done. Just like 2004. Oh, wait...
Oh well, looks like Bill will have to hold his nose and vote for a conservative or he won't have an establishment to cheerlead for any longer.
See, I can point to any number of elections won by the Republican machine, almost regardless of who the candidate was (Arlen Specter, really?). How many elections has the Constitution party won? According to Wiki "There are currently no elected officials of the Constitution Party in any state-level positions.". How about the Libertarian party? The Libertarians are actually a national party, they have enough infrastructure to get people on ballots and all that, yet.... "Though the party has never won a seat in the United States Congress..."
I would be much happier to see a new party arise out of the ashes of the Republicans. There are still some good folks in there, just not many who are seeking office. Certainly, the political machine behind the curtain is corrupt and abysmal.
I have not true tie to the Constitution Party. I would be happy to find something better; like Bill, I am not a fan of several of their platform planks. On the whole, they are better than the Repukes, as they now exist, though.
Do they win? Nope. Then again, there was a time when the Whigs were pretty prominent, before a little third party, known as the Republicans blew t hem out of the water. In addition, there was a seismic shift more recently, when the Dixiecrats abandoned the Democrats, eventually aligning, for the most part, with the Republicans.
It does not have to be a cut and dried thing. It just find it silly to think that simple electing republicans is the answer. It is not even really an improvement over the Democrats. Sure, we got Obamacare from the Dems, but we got the Patriot Act from the Reps. They are both fatally flawed.
The Republican party is not a thing, it's just a bunch of individual people. Most of whom are Republican like Cowboys fans are Cowboys fans. All of them, as far as I can tell, at the local level especially, agree with the general sentiments of small government, and are to a man pro-life, at least everyone I've met, which is a few hundred.
Yup, at the national level, things are very different. This is why a Trump presidency would rock the house. A good chunk of these upper echelon folks would, hopefully, be out of a job. Replacing the Republican leadership is a tall order. These guys are well-funded, well-connected, and know how the system works. The original plan was to get true conservatives elected as dog catcher and the like, and organically grow a conservative Republican party the same way the libs grew a liberal Republican party. But many people think a Trump presidency could greatly accelerate things.
Try again, Billbo. I never claimed a third party is the answer, I simply pointed out the fact that you are a moron for claiming your strategy is the answer when it has already failed. Reading comprehension. Try it someday. Now get back to your GOPE cheerleading.
The muddy middle of the old Narrative was tailor made for insiders using the central government to rob others blind.
First comes the underlying shift to divisive political philosophy (which appears well under way), then comes new leadership and visible political upheaval.
The tough times baked into the cake by decades of monetary, economic and social policy knavery will be fertile ground for political upheaval.
While such times are inevitable, it remains to be seen exactly when they'll arrive. I'd have sworn they were imminent 20 years ago.
Until then, however, it's unlikely there will be significant change. Political reform is an oxymoron.
Lucky thing was it was broad daylight and you could see this tornado coming at you. When Peewee's brother Jake showed up at the garage, to warn her to take cover, what they didn't know is that it would rip up the graveyard. Jake hauls Peewee outside and they make a run for it. Tearing up through the grape arbor across old Colonel Hazelrigs property to the storm cellar in the back. It took all of Jakes strength just to move the stout oak door set in the earth.
Jake shoving Peewee inside and takes out after the Colonel, who might just as well take cover in the outhouse instead of the underground shelter. Peewee scuttles down the steps, trying to see but it is as dark as a grave in there. It suddenly ocurred to her someone else was in there. Squinting to get a another look, it was only Aunt Hat Hazelrigg and she was squinting right back plastered with feathers from her rhode island red chickens. Aunt Hat had slumped to the floor and sat in silence.
Rain hammered the door, but suddenly it flew open and Jake threw in Sparks the old hound dog. Colonel Hazelrigg stumbled in next, though luck was truly with them because the Colonel was at least wearing his pants! The door slammed shut, Jake dropped in and now they had a full house. Nothing to do now but wait.
After a time the wind stopped and one by one out they came. While Jake, Peewee, and the Colonel took off for uptown to survey the damage, Aunt Hat went home to her chickens. Lucky for them the house was still in tack and the garage where they made their living. When they got as far as the Beulahland cemetery, Sparks began to whine and the fur along his backbone rose straight up. Stuff that shouldn't be was everywhere that's when Peewee saw a coffin thrust up out of the ground and the lid totally gone.
Peewee was so worried about Mama and took off to check out her gravesite. AS far as she could tell was everything there was fine. She looked around and noticed it was Miss Deitz's grave, town librarian. Her stone read:
If you want to know more of Peewee's story I think you should read the book. I enjoyed laughing my way through this one!
"The Roselle Public Library District: Striving to enrich community life by providing access to educational, cultural, and recreational information, encouraging life-long learning, promoting intellectual freedom, and by providing a welcoming environment where all may
If you’re not already familiar with Where The Hell Is Matt?, then the next four and a half minutes is my gift to you:
So, here’s the deal. Matt is making another video, and he’s going to be shooting in L.A. tomorrow! This is your chance to dance with Matt.
LA cirque-gone-feral performance troupe Cirque Berserk have arrived at the Nokia Theatre for a month-long engagement, and we’ve got a FREE pair of tix just for you!
You’ll enjoy your evening of lovely fire dancers, disturbing clowns, stunning aerialists, music and burlesque, chez bLA and Goldenvoice (thanks guys!).
To win: Tell me, in the comments, which sideshow attraction you would be if you had to be in a traveling circus. Would you be the bearded lady? The giant? The knife thrower? The fortune-teller? Let a girl know! We’ll randomly pick one lucky winner to go.
This week I attended a screening at the Downtown Independent for a new film by L.A. filmmaker/photographer Nabil Elderkin. The film, Bouncing Cats, has been winning awards on the festival circuit, and rightly so. It was at once entertaining, heartbreaking and inspiring.
The documentary tells the story of Abraham “Abramz” Tekya, a Ugandan b-boy who was orphaned at age 7 when both of his parents died of HIV. Abramz started Breakdance Project Uganda in 2006 in hopes of using hip-hop and dance to create positive social change in a region that has been brutalized by civil war and extreme poverty for the last 20 years. Abramz invited Crazy Legs of the Rock Steady Crew to go to Uganda, and the film follows them on a mission to empower and inspire the youth in a country that UNICEF called “pretty much the worst place on earth to be a child.”
The film is finishing up its tour on the festival circuit, and unfortunately does not have a distribution deal yet, though the producers tell me they are exploring different opportunities for getting Bouncing Cats to a wider audience.
Although it may be difficult to see the film in the short term, you can learn more about Breakdance Project Uganda by clicking through from the Bouncing Cats site. There you can donate to BPU and get a limited edition Bouncing Cats t-shirt, with all proceeds going to Breakdance Project Uganda. You can also join Breakdance Project Uganda on Facebook.
After the screening, there was a Q&A panel with the film’s producer and director, as well as three who were featured in the film; Abramz, Crazy Legs, and Jolly Grace Okot, a Nobel Peace Prize nominee who was among the first wave of children abducted at the beginning of Uganda’s civil war and forced to be a child soldier.
Following the Q&A, I went up to the roof of the Downtown Independent, where the afterparty was in full swing. There was a hip-hop DJ, and members of the Rock Steady Crew were breaking on the roof. Cocktails were provided by Red Bull (Red Bull Media House financed the production of Bouncing Cats.) I even had an opportunity for a brief conversation with Jolly Grace Okot.
Over all, a pretty fantastic evening. An inspiring documentary, the Rock Steady Crew break dancing on the roof, I heard Andy Summers of The Police was there, and I chatted with a Nobel Peace Prize nominee. Also, free cocktails. Only in L.A.
This Thursday night, Layer 23 and The Good Hurt present Upgrade, a steamy night of geek chic electro featuring a rare live performance by the inseparable hetero-life partner duo who virtually invented the genre, Telesonic Commander.
Some of you may already know Telesonic Commander from their live Ustream shows (of which I am a frequent listener and fan). Based on those performances, I expect to see flashy jumpsuits, exotic mustaches and just a taste of loveless copulation. If you want to preview their sound, check out the track, “Game Set Match” here.
There will also be music by DJs D++, Delicious Mix and Aeon Flux, free giveaways by IHEARTCOMIX, photos by Matador y Toros and video visuals by Verdilak.
According to the event organizers, Upgrade is a night for “hip geeks” looking to get away from the crowded Hollywood spots and the 18+ dance clubs. The idea is to have a place where you can dance or just tuck your laptop into a dark corner and geek out while listening to some cool electro beats – everything from EBM to IDM, breakbeat to 8-Bit, Electroclash to Eurotrash.
“While we will make sure the music is danceable, we also want to encourage people to bring their PDAs and laptops and just sit in one of Continue reading “Upgrade To First Class Geek”
In booths and against the walls, chic-looking fashionistas and Hollywood types leaned and looked around the Bar Marmont. Like a lion/ess gazing across the Serengeti, each leaner surveyed the room, searching for any sign of stylistic weakness in other Gucci-shoed peeps in the pack. After all, this was, allegedly, a “cool event:” the private listening party for Diplo (aka MIA’s ex-boyfriend) and Switch’s (an English DJ) project Major Lazer (an aural ode to Jamaica). But when the music started and the leaning stopped, the dance floor filled with (sorta) writhing bodies each afflicted with the same syndrome: Dance Face… Continue reading “Dance Face (Don’t Let it Happen to you)”
Archives Select Month June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003
Gabriele on Cabinet of Curiosities unveils mysterious worlds viewed through peepholes at Union Station
I would like to wish everyone a very happy, healthy and safe 2009! I want to thank everyone for all the hard work being done with your blogs.
Continued success in the future and many, many thanks for visiting Blogging Women and making it a big success in such a short time.
Description: Animals. Animals. Animals. City girl gone slightly country. Totally, left of center. Living the simple life, on my own. With a little ranting thrown in to keep the balance. I live on a small "ranchette" with over 30 animals makes for some interesting stories. And in between mucking the stalls and milking goats I support my habit of rural living, by being a creative director, designer, art director, hack, type slave, layout artist, communicator. I blurr the lines between work and play all the time. Why wasn't it always this way?
Tech Tags: pets design farm goats women women's blogs blogs by women blog promotion blog directory women's blog directory Goodness Gracious! Acres Blogging Women
Description: A widow learns to pick up the pieces and reclaims her life after losing her husband in 2005... Join her in her journey to healing.
Tech Tags: coping healing child's grief loss of a husband friends child's poetry grief family womenwomen's blogs blogs by women blog promotion blog directory women's blog directory OF LIVING AND LOVING... AND COPING Blogging Women
Description: Complex issues: Life, death and what happens between. Home of the popular weekly Carnival of Family Life. The author contributes a weekly column at Write Anything.
Tech Tags: writing blogging life death society family parenting women women's blogs blogs by women blog promotion blog directory women's blog directory Colloquium Blogging Women
Description: Mainly about women in our religion, culture, and society; the negatives and the positives. And in support and solidarity with women all around the world.
Tech Tags: culture feminism equality gender violence sexism women women's blogs blogs by women blog promotion blog directory women's blog directory What's Good for the Goose is Good for the Gander Blogging Women
Tech Tags: subconscious subconscious mind NLP hypnosis women women's blogs blogs by women blog promotion blog directory women's blog directory Valley of the SubconsciousBlogging Women
Want to have your blog listed in the "Featured Blogs" section on Blogging Women? Well here's your chance.
Every month I will be changing the blogs featured in this section by running various different contest. I will make a post to Blogging Women before the end of the prior month is finished, letting you know what the contest is, how long it lasts, etc.
You MUST have a text link or graphic link back to Blogging Women listed on your blog and it MUST remain their for the entire month. For more help on linking to Blogging Women visit: Link to Blogging Women
The first five blogs to win the contest (and have a Blogging Women link) will have their blog listed in the "Featured Blogs" section for the month.
The first five people who click on the "Blogging Women Featured Blogs Contest" link at the bottom of this post and completes the form, will be listed in the "Featured Blogs" section (don't forget you must have a Blogging Women link also).
When you click on the Blogging Women Featured Blogs link below, please make sure you fill in all boxes and please make sure you are specific as to where I can find the Blogging Women link on your blog (Ex: in the right sidebar under Blog Links). If I can't find the link, you blog will not be listed in the "Featured Blogs" section.
Description: "Maitri's Heart" is the blog of writer Maitri Libellule to promote compassion and loving kindness; animal welfare; fiber art, gardening, and more. This blog is loving, gentle and kind and shares thoughts of cherishing life and living in the moment, as well as finding the sacred in the little things in life.
Tech Tags: women's heart journeys women's spirituality essays animal welfare fiber artcompassion kindness women women's blogs blogs by women blog promotion blog directorywomen's blog directory Maitri's Heart Blogging Women
Tech Tags: mom kids parenting children life personal women women's blogs blogs by womenblog promotion blog directory women's blog directory The Life of a Mom Blogging Women
Tech Tags: work at home mom wahm women women's blogs blogs by women blog directorywomen's blog directory blog promotion Not Just a Mom Site Blogging Women
Description: A blog about the little things, the funny things and the memories that make up a lifetime.
Tech Tags: personal mind boggling theories women women's blogs blogs by women blog promotion blog directory women's blog directory Mind Bloggling Blogging Women
Description: Empowerment for women with emphasis on sexual empowerment and finding the goddess within. Tools and techniques to take charge in you life and feel like a renewed woman.
Tech Tags: inner goddess sexual empowerment self growth spiritual healing women women's blogs blogs by women blog promotion blog directory women's blog directory Spiritual SexpertBlogging Women
Tech Tags: humor life pets retirement mid-life women women's blogs blogs by women blog promotion blog directory women's blog directory Crone and Bear It Blogging Women
Description: I have tried the best part of my life to be perfect at no avail. The conclusion I've come to is that you're damned if you do and damned if you don't, - trying to be everything to everyone. Here I share some thoughts about being a hard-working woman in my thirties, combating the obscenely unfair ideals society at large place on me and my fellow female friends out there. I'd love to hear from you.
Tech Tags: imperfect world perfect career home unfair ideas society women women's blogs blogs by women blog promotion blog directory women's blog directory Let's not be perfect Blogging Women
Tech Tags: relationships love sexual health sex romance life lessons women women's blogs blogs by women blog directory blog promotion women's blog directory Open Your Heart to the LoveBlogging Women
Tech Tags: personal fun ideas perspectives writing women women's blogs blogs by women blog promotion blog directory women's blog directory My Life, Etc Blogging Women
Description: An Aussie woman's life in an Indian village: a humorous bent on the spiritual, the mundane, the gardener, the dead drunk bathroom plasterer, fascist truck drivers and communist governments. Is that enough? Won't that DO???
Tech Tags: India village life spiritual humor daily women women's blogs blogs by women blog promotion blog directory women's blog directory Lost and Found in India Blogging Women
Description: Articles, clickable links & resources for victims & survivors. Dealing with verbal, psychological & emotional abuse and personality disorders.
Tech Tags: abuse emotional verbal psychological financial emotional rape sociopaths narcissistswomen women's blogs blogs by women blog promotion blog directory women's blog directorySanctuary for the Abused Blogging Women
Description: The Moxie Report. Giggles. Gaffes. Girl Talk. From television producer, writer and mom Tracy Evans.
Tech Tags: opinion moms giggles gaffes girl talk women women's blogs blogs by women blog directory blog promotion women's blog directory The Moxie Report Blogging Women
Tech Tags: family children headlines articles books women women's blogs blogs by women blog directory blog promotion women's blog directory Interstital Life Blogging Women
Description: Blog for women who want to stay healthy and to get wealthy, with recipes, giveaways and more.
Tech Tags: moms giveaways healthy fit recipes coupons women women's blogs blogs by womenblog promotion blog directory women's blog directory Healthy Wealthy Moms Blogging Women
Tech Tags: expat Germany German women women's blogs blogs by women blog promotion blog directory women's blog directory Planet Germany Blogging Women
Tech Tags: writing writers women women's blogs blogs by women blog promotion blog directorywomen's blog directory Daily Writing Blogging Women
Description: My blog is a review of products for moms, children, family members etc. as well as a giveaway site!
Tech Tags: reviews giveaways children's products mom products organics women women's blogs blogs by women Jamie's Precious Peas Blogging Women
Description: A place where rambling, randomness, honesty, and the mundane occurs. It's my little corner of the world. Feel free to stop by!
Tech Tags: ramblings product reviews giveaways women women's blogs blogs by women blog promotion blog directory women's blog directory Being Particular Blogging Women
Description: Only free and easy remedies against allergy. All about allergy tips and way of combat them.
Tech Tags: health remedies allergy allergy remedies allergy symptoms women women's blogsblogs by women women's blog directory Free Online Recipes Blogging Women
Description: A mom's take on what products work and the best bang for your buck! There are coupon codes and giveaways as well!
Tech Tags: baby toddler mom products coupon codes discounts giveaways women women's blogs blogs by women blog promotion blog directory women's blog directory Go Graham Go!Blogging Women
Description: Follow the adventures of Maya and Colette as they discover a new life on a small island off the coast of Belize.
The Blogging Women Featured Blog Contest for the month of December 2008 is over. Winners have been contacted by e-mail and will be posted to the "Featured Section" tomorrow.
Decided to show you guys some hair love since you have all been asking so much about it. Its easy, quick..and just let it flow baby
If you'd like to keep seeing my face, follow me on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/andreassheittanis I've been taking a photo of myself since the 11th of June...
Pornhub is the ultimate xxx FakeAgentUK Incredibly sexy blonde MILF loves all things anal. Legend of the Overfiend is definitely hentai, Fencer from Minerva is also Hentai,. Explore the best porn Alice Goodwin movies and galleries, free sex videos full of hardcore pornstar actions. Topless Pictures Of Natalie Portman Jennifer Biel New Movie Topless. They feature naturally big busty polish and european women and these women are some horny sluts!
Voyeur West Hollywood, a bondage-themed nightclub featuring topless women dancers imitating lesbian sex. SEXY young blonde Czech jogger is paid for sex in a public park 7,554,567 views.
Riding on an exposed vehicle in the Russian Winter, here a combination motorcycle, required protective clothing. Demi Lovato is set to release her Confident music album, and she certainly is feeling confident. They argued the barmaid in question slowly removed her nipple tassels and was seen fully naked.
Paolo Meneguzzi (born December 6, 1976 as Pablo Meneguzzo) is an Italian-Swiss singer. He is the son of Loredana Pacchiani and Gomez Meneguzzo.Contents
In 1996, while the name Paolo Meneguzzi was still unknown in Italy, Paolo won the Viña del Mar International Song Festival held in Chile with the song "Aria, Ariò". The success of the song prompted the release of his debut album "Por Amor" on 27 March 1997. Paolo continued to build his career with the release of another album, self-titled, which contained the anticipated single, "Si enamorarse".
Paolo Meneguzzi's Italian debut occurred with his participation in the young artists section at the Sanremo Music Festival in 2001. His song "Ed io non ci sto più" earned him seventh place.
He released a new single in 2002, "In nome dell'amore". In 2003 he released the single "Vero falso", and the album Lei è that in October that year sold to gold (with 50.000 copies sold), and then to double platinum (200.000 copies sold).
In June 2004, began the Lei è tour from Bellinzona (CH), its first one tour, that touched Italy and Switzerland imposing more success among young people than among small children.
After having passed the summer of 2005 between Italy and Switzerland with the Favola tour, Paolo dedicated himself to the creation of a new album. After 2 years of silence announces the participation in the Festival di Sanremo and of the release (previewed for 9 March) of the album Musica.
He participated in the Festival di Sanremo 2007, with the song Musica, that classified as sixth place, having collected many consents and above all, the approval of Pippo Baudo, who defined it as "The Manifest of the Festival di Sanremo".
Musica is released March 9, 2007, Paolo's fourth Italian album, following the release of the namesake single that endures as the most sold in Italy.
On April 21, began the Musica Tour still in Switzerland, but this time departing from Biasca. On November 2, the gathering of fans Club with the artist took place in the studies of radioitalia with Cologno Monzese.
On the 26th of November 2007, it was announced that Paolo would be representing his home country Switzerland in the Eurovision Song Contest 2008 in Belgrade, Serbia. He will compete with the pop ballad "Era stupendo". He took part in the second semifinal of the contest on Thursday 22 May 2008, competing against 18 other countries, all competing for one of 10 spots in the final on Saturday 24. But he failed to get the required votes he did not take part in the final.
On March 14, 2008, Paolo released his fifth album entitled "Corro Via" featuring "Era stupendo" and "Grande".
The Capital Asset Management Benchmarking Council is an association of capital asset management professionals that conduct benchmarking studies to identify the best practices for capital asset management that improve the overall performance of the members involved.
To identify "Best in Class" capital asset management processes, which, when implemented, will lead member companies to exceptional performance.
Benchmarking is the sharing of performance and operational information to continuously compare activities among organizations to identify "Best Practices" and improve performance.
Benchmarking has proven to be the most valuable process for identifying performance improvement areas. The measurement of the best performing companies leads to the identification and implementation of "Best Practices".
The Benchmarking Network uses a proven study methodology that includes a dozen or more companies into a four to five month study cycle. Our process includes collecting measures of performance as well as the process information important to success. We then lead our sponsors to site visits at the "Best Practices" companies. This rapid turnaround minimizes cost while keeping the review at an appropriate level.
A Fasttrakk&#8482 study is a rapid methodology that drives at rapid results that are obtained from groups interviewed by telephone. Sponsors defines the survey questionnaire. Up to 15 process and measures questions. TBN administers to a defined group of comparable peer companies. Results are summarized and presented in the form of a database. The advantages are speed and cost. A smaller question set is ideal for rapid answers and opening the door to further investigation.
The first step in any successful Benchmarking project is establishing an adequate foundation of understanding of the Benchmarking process as it is defined by corporations today. The Benchmarking Network provides general and customized courses in Benchmarking.
"Introduction to Benchmarking" is a two day course. Participants gain complete understanding of the concepts of Benchmarking through identification and analysis of "Real Life" case study examples.
The Benchmarking Network will facilitate this course at your location or at other locations throughout the world.
The Benchmarking Network provides the necessary research support efforts in organizations engaged in Benchmarking activities. We provide basic research by:
Providing access to article databases on selected Benchmarking topics Conducting customized research on selected areas through the use of targeted surveys
Our research is professionally summarized and presented to clients and participants in a form that key learnings can be derived with minimal effort.
Translating Benchmarking findings to support the clients' business process reengineering efforts; and
The Benchmarking Network maintains its independence from the findings by not providing full-scale implementation services. The best practices we identify are based on the results of the study. The objective of our efforts is to provide the highest value findings, not to continue to sell additional services.
UCLA 2002 Baseball Roster No.NamePos.YRB-THt./Wt.Hometown (Last School) 1Ben FranciscoOFJRR/R6-3/185Anaheim, CA (Cypress JC) 2Chad ConcolinoOFJRR/R5-11/185Santa Ana, CA (Saddleback JC) 3Matt ThayerOFRSMore >>
Bitte wählen3R42 degreesAeroCoolAkasaAntecAplusApple®Arctic CoolingArctic SilverAstakAsusAtenAVMAvoxBe Quiet!CasetekChieftecClicktronicCobaCoolinkD-LinkDätwylerDeepcoolDelockDelock LightingDevoloDigitusDRAKADrayTekDuracellDYNATRONEFB-Elektronik ..EKLEnermaxEquipEvercaseEverkiEXSYSfixPointFractal DesignfUncGoobayGood Connection..HeatkillerHKCHyperglidesIchbinleiseICY BOXICY DOCKinnovatekIOCELLiriverJCPKabelmeisterKeysonicKMPLevelOneLian LiLICSLobosLogiLightLogilinkLogitechLongshineManhattanMaxellMicrosoftMS-TECHNavilockNoctuaNoiseblockerNorthQOnline USVPanasonicPapstPinPointPlatinumPleiadesPowertravellerQNAPRackMaxRaidMaxRasurboRazerREVRevoRevoltecRoccatS-KROSSSamsungSANYOScytheSeasonicSharkoonShiverPeaksSilverPowerSilverStoneSinanSmartcoolerSpeed-LinkSpireSweexTaganTecxusTelekomTendaTeslanolTestboyThermalrightTitanTP-LinkVARTAViPowERWowPenXilenceZalmanZweibrüder
71F343(+0): Samson ties three hundred foxes two by two by their tails with a fire-brand in between; with the torches on fire he lets them go into the cornfields of the Philistines which are set aflame (+ variant)
Cookies are small text files that can be written and read by websites and stored by the browser on your computer, tablet or smartphone. They do a number of things including allowing access to some types of content and functionality to users, and collecting anonymous user information so that site owners can monitor the performance of their sites. They are a kind of "memory" for a website that can help it respond appropriately to users and user behaviour.
This website stores cookies to remember the style (colours/fonts) preference and the ones used in Google Analytics. This anonymously tracks individual visitor behaviour on the website so that we can see how the site is being used. We only use this information for monitoring and improving our website and content for the benefit of our users (you).
You can opt out of Google Analytics cookies completely (from all websites) by visiting Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on (BETA).
With the US Masters and the National Hurling and Football leagues done and dusted and the European Competitions in soccer and rugby reaching the business end of things, there were lots of points to be won over the last month. Unfortunately not too many people scored any…….
Rory McIlroy, Tipperary, Dublin, Leinster, Munster, Bayern Munich and Barcelona all failed to win or progress which meant a lot of “nil points” in the prediction quiz. Check out the latest standings here For those interested – column 7 is for the European Rugby Cup and column 11 is everyone who chose Barcelona or Bayern Munich for the Champions League….
Mental health problems are amongst the most important contributors to the global burden of disease and disability. Mental and neurological conditions account for 12.3% of disability adjusted years lost globally and 31% of all years lived with disability at all ages and in both sexes. In a sharp contrast to the magnitude of the issue, less than quarter of the people requiring mental health care receive necessary services in both Low and Medium Income Countries (LMICs) and High Income Countries (HICs). Mental health receives only 1% of funding from national health budgets around the world.
In India about 65-70 million people appear to be in need of mental health care. The availability and access to appropriate services, social stigma and community resistance prevent people from seeking help. Mental ill health eventually leads to poverty, homelessness and isolation. According to WHO, persons with disabilities are among the poorest and most marginalised.
For those with mental illness that do not have access to care, poverty and homelessness are a reality. A number of reasons give rise to the mental health - poverty nexus:
A relative with mental illness means an extra mouth to feed for families already burdened by the effects of poverty.
A lack of education means that many do not understand mental illness and therefore do not know when, where or how to seek help.
Ignorance and misconceptions lead to a lack of acceptance within communities and discrimination from society and employment.
A lack of options mean that many of the mentally ill in India are left redundant at home, unstimulated and misunderstood, sometimes facing emotional and physical abuse from those that are caring for them; with this background it is no wonder that many wander away from home.
In India and other Low and Middle Income Countries, there is no organised approach to comprehensively address mental health care issues in a sustainable and cost effective manner. Poor public health infrastructure hinder the development of community based interventions. The District Mental Health Programme (DMHP) in India has remained largely inadequate; it is only implemented in the form of overburdened and isolated camps dispensing medication. As a result there is an overwhelming bias towards state tertiary care services that carry the legacy of asylums from the colonial era.
Less than 1% of the budget in India is allocated for mental health, with an overwhelming bias towards state tertiary care services that more often than not carry the legacy of asylums from the colonial era. An overwhelming 38% of beds in these state mental health hospitals, intended for acute care, are occupied by people who are living for over a year or more. This paucity in availability, affordability and quality of services, is further conflated by stigma, incongruence of services with prevailing sociocultural norms and socio-economic structural barriers may be persistent deterrents to addressing mental health.
The discourse around mental hospitals has been dominated by the deinstitutionalization movement. However, in India and other LMICs, owing to the endemic structural barriers, and poor support systems, mental hospitals serve a unique purpose. In this regard, it becomes critical to change the service paradigms and social architecture of these institutions (reduce bed strength, facilitate individualised and collaborative care, initiate peer audits), and inculcate values of user-centricity, responsiveness, and transparency into the care paradigm. The creation of a spectrum of care services, with the ability to respond to a client’s evolving needs is paramount.
Evidence of social determinants affecting mental health exists in plenty –homelessness, poverty and insufficient support systems, gender/age/caste discrimination etc., expose individuals to adverse experiences that can trigger mental health issues and the possibility of recovery. Work participation, quality of family relationships and community linkages, have proved to play an important role in the quality of mental health outcomes. Hence there is a critical need to cultivate multi-dimensional and multi-pronged approaches to address these issues at the individual, family and community levels.
There are very few qualified professionals available to offer mental health services. Data from a 2002 nationwide survey India shows only 2 psychiatrists, 1.5 clinical psychologists and 2 psychiatric social workers per 100,000 population. Even these resources fail as they often follow outdated approaches and rely exclusively on a biomedical construct of mental health without taking into consideration the complex social realities and social perceptions of mental illness.
Thus the urgent need to view mental ill health within broader frameworks of care that focus on promotion of wellbeing, social justice, equity and rights – the development paradigm. National and international organisations taking cognisance of this urgent need to initiate and reform mental health systems have strongly advocated for the integration of mental health into the Sustainable Development Goals 2020 (SDGs), reiterating its importance in the health and development discourse. The World Health Organisation (WHO) has underlined the need to focus on human resource development as a key strategy in pursuing this larger vision. The Government of India has introduced the Mental Health Policy and encourages the convergence of health and social sectors and public-private partnerships to develop inclusive and impactful programmes.
Development of human resources and capacities that focus on of personal recovery, justice and wellness
Development of evidence to inform policy on unique cultural ecology of marginalised populations and justice oriented initiatives
BALM is an effort in the direction towards equipping professional psychologists, researchers, analysts, entrepreneurs, social workers and community mental health workers in immersive social practice such that they may effectively grapple with complex situations. Coming from different socioeconomic backgrounds and cultural experiences, the students at BALM are schooled in maintaining passion for mental health studies and working strategically to meet society’s needs.
Adventure Travel Ltd is an amalgamation of guides and adventure travel outfitters. Through this web site you can deal direct and experts in Adventure travel to choose the exact trip that fits your schedule and interest. The guides and outfitters here offer both scheduled departures and customised trips.
Having your jewellery valued can be a worthwhile process. The knowledge, experience and skill upon which a reliable valuation is based requires years of training, supported by specialist technical equipment when necessary. It is therefore important that you entrust your jewellery only to jewellers with the required knowledge and equipment.
A professionally prepared valuation contains a comprehensive list of information which includes the name of the company instructed to carry it out and the address at which it is performed. It clearly states the purpose of the valuation and for whom it is being prepared. It provides a sufficiently detailed description to enable identification, together with an opinion of the value, as well as the total of the valuation. It is dated and bears the signature of the valuer who produced it. All of this information must appear on a valuation schedule to make it valid.
In line with recommendations by the police and insurance companies, we provide a photographic record of your jewellery at the same time as your written valuation. As with every assessment we carry out, any individual item which is deemed to be worth £500 or more will automatically receive a free photograph. The photographs are taken with a digital camera and are produced as an integral part of the valuation. If your jewellery is stolen, this photograph will give the police the best possible chance of recovering your property and it provides you with proof of ownership if the items are recovered.
Jewellery valuations are carried out on the premises and your items are covered by our own insurance whilst they are in our care.
In the unfortunate event that an item of yours is lost, stolen or broken, we will compose a letter for presentation to your insurance company. The modest fee for this service will be refunded in full when the items are either replaced or repaired by us.
With hundreds of homes broken into every day and thousands of pounds worth of jewellery stolen, an insurance valuation could well be an excellent investment.
A professionally prepared valuation is based on the current cost of replacing your jewellery with similar items. Due to ever fluctuating costs, we recommend having your jewellery re-valued every three years. This ensures adequate financial cover in the event of loss, damage or theft.
A valuation for probate is a confirmation of the value of jewellery in an estate. It is based on the likely sale price had the jewellery been sold at auction at the time of the owner’s death. Since this value is determined by market forces, it will be considerably lower than if it was for insurance purposes.
This type of valuation determines a fair selling price on a piece offered for private sale by one individual to another. The value is typically higher than that for probate but lower than the replacement retail amount.
When requiring a jewellery valuation in London, you can rest assured that professionalism is guaranteed at our shops. We are members of the National Association of Goldsmiths (N.A.G.) and Guild of Valuers. Through the N.A.G. we also participate in the SafeGems Alert scheme which notifies all members of any stolen property.
Global prices are constantly rising and it’s important to ensure your valuables are not underinsured. For your own peace of mind, get in touch today for a professional valuation on your jewellery.
Concrete Blocks as Planters!! Great Idea!! I have some old ones in the back that are taking up way to much room. Now if I could only figure out how to get some water in there for a water feature it would have everything I need.
A personalized anniversary song is the perfect anniversary gift that allows you to express your love to your partner in a meaningful way. What’s more, it is a great relic for a lifetime of memories. It will be long remembered and appreciated. So don’t hesitate, order you song now.
Once you buy the song, you will be able to download a clean version of the song without the voice over it
The engagement is announced between Jack, son of Mr and Mrs Michael Hendry, of Wimbledon, and Flora, daughter of Mr and Mrs Russell Taylor, of Wimbledon.
The New York Times. The Bears then marched 72 yards in 11 plays, moving the ball inside the Patriots' yard line. Audio of Rob Gronkowski call. Pittsburgh 21, Dallas
With the dominance of the Bears squad the pair didn't think they would be starting a local tradition still going strong 30 years later. The outing has taken place every year in all types of weather and will continue every year until the Bears repeat as Champions. Don Criqui was the play-by-play announcer, with Bob Trumpy as the color anlayst. This was the first year that the NFL itself implemented the pregame entertainment.
The pregame entertainment show began after the players left the field and ended with kick-off. Lesslee Fitzmorris created and directed the show. To celebrate the 20th Super Bowl game, the Most Valuable Players of the previous Super Bowls were featured during the pregame festivities.
The number one song of the year coupled with video plays from each Super Bowl accompanied the presentation of each player. Performers formed the score of each championship game. The show concluded with the question of who would be the next Super Bowl Champions. The performance event group Up with People performed during the halftime show titled "Beat of the Future".
Up with People dancers portrayed various scenes into the future. The halftime show was dedicated to the memory of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day had been held the previous Monday. The Patriots took the then-quickest lead in Super Bowl history after linebacker Larry McGrew recovered a fumble from Walter Payton at the Chicago yard line on the second play of the game [12] the Bears themselves would break this record in Super Bowl XLI when Devin Hester ran back the opening kickoff for a touchdown.
This set up Tony Franklin 's yard field goal 1: I thought, yeah, but none of those 15 had ever played the Bears. After both teams traded punts, Richard Dent and linebacker Wilber Marshall shared a sack on Eason, forcing a fumble that lineman Dan Hampton recovered on the Patriots yard line. Chicago then drove to the 3-yard line, but had to settle for another field goal from Butler after rookie defensive lineman William "The Refrigerator" Perry was tackled and technically sacked for a 1-yard loss while trying to throw his first NFL pass on a halfback option play.
On the Patriots' ensuing drive, Dent forced running back Craig James to fumble, which was recovered by Singletary at the yard line. Two plays later, Bears fullback Matt Suhey scored on an yard touchdown run to increase the lead to 13—3. New England took the ensuing kickoff and ran one play before the first quarter ended, which resulted in positive yardage for the first time in the game a 3-yard run by James.
After an incomplete pass and a 4-yard loss, the Patriots had to send in punter Rich Camarillo again, and receiver Keith Ortego returned the ball 12 yards to the yard line. The Bears subsequently drove 59 yards in 10 plays, featuring a yard reception by Suhey, to score on McMahon's 2-yard touchdown run to increase their lead, 20—3.
After the ensuing kickoff, New England lost 13 yards in 3 plays and had to punt again, but got the ball back with great field position when defensive back Raymond Clayborn recovered a fumble from Suhey at their own yard line. On the punt, Ortego forgot what the play call was for the punt return, and the ensuing chaos resulted in him being penalized for running after a fair catch and teammate Leslie Frazier suffering a knee injury, which ended his career. Patriots head coach Raymond Berry then replaced Eason with Steve Grogan , who had spent the previous week hoping he would have the opportunity to step onto the NFL's biggest stage.
I could come in on the punt-block team and stand behind the line and wave my arms, or something. The Bears then marched 72 yards in 11 plays, moving the ball inside the Patriots' yard line. New England kept them out of the end zone, but Butler kicked his third field goal on the last play of the half to give Chicago a 23—3 halftime lead. The end of the first half was controversial. With 21 seconds left, McMahon scrambled to the Patriots' 3-yard line and was stopped inbounds.
With the clock ticking down, players from both teams were fighting, and the Bears were forced to snap the ball before the officials formally put it back into play, allowing McMahon to throw the ball out of bounds and stop the clock with three seconds left. The Bears were penalized five yards for delay of game, but according to NFL rules, 10 seconds should have also been run off the clock during such a deliberate clock-stopping attempt in the final two minutes of a half.
In addition, a flag should have been thrown for fighting also according to NFL rules. Meanwhile, the non-call on the illegal snap was promptly acknowledged by the officials and reported by NBC sportscasters during halftime, but the resulting three points were not taken away from the Bears because of this instance, the NFL instructed officials to strictly enforce the second run-off rule at the start of the season.
While Eason was in the game, the totals were six possessions, one play of positive yardage out of 15 plays, no first downs, 3 points, 3 punts, 2 turnovers, no pass completions, and yards of total offense.
After the Patriots received the second-half kickoff, they managed to get one first down, but then had to punt after Grogan was sacked twice. Camarillo, who punted four times in the first half, managed to pin the Bears back at their own 4-yard line with a then-Super Bowl record yard punt. But the Patriots' defense still had no ability to stop Chicago's offense.
On their very first play, McMahon faked a handoff to Payton, then threw a yard completion to Gault. Eight plays later, McMahon finished the Super Bowl-record yard drive with a 1-yard touchdown run to increase the Bears' lead to 30—3. On New England's second drive of the quarter, Chicago cornerback Reggie Phillips who replaced Frazier intercepted a pass from Grogan and returned it 28 yards for a touchdown to increase the lead to 37—3.
On the second play of their ensuing possession, the Patriots turned the ball over again, when receiver Cedric Jones lost a fumble after catching a yard pass from Grogan, and Wilber Marshall returned the fumble 13 yards to New England's yard line.
A few plays later, McMahon's yard completion to receiver Dennis Gentry moved the ball to the 1-yard line, setting up perhaps the most memorable moment of the game. William "The Refrigerator" Perry was brought on to score on offense, as he had done twice in the regular season. His touchdown while running over Patriots linebacker Larry McGrew in the process made the score 44—3.
The Bears' 21 points in the third quarter is still a record for the most points scored in that period. Perry's surprise touchdown cost Las Vegas sports books hundreds of thousands of dollars in losses from prop bets. The Patriots finally scored a touchdown early in the fourth quarter, advancing the ball 76 yards in 12 plays and scoring on an 8-yard fourth-down pass from Grogan to receiver Irving Fryar.
But the Bears' defense dominated New England for the rest of the game, forcing another fumble, another interception, and defensive lineman Henry Waechter 's sack on Grogan in the end zone for a safety to make the final score 46— One oddity in the Bears' victory was that Walter Payton had a relatively poor performance running the ball and never scored a touchdown in Super Bowl XX, his only Super Bowl appearance during his Hall of Fame career.
Many people including Mike Ditka have claimed that the reason for this was due to the fact that the Patriots' defensive scheme was centered on stopping Payton. He was given several opportunities to score near the goal line, but New England stopped him every time before he reached the end zone such as his 2-yard loss from the New England 3-yard line a few plays before Butler's second field goal, and his 2-yard run from the 4-yard line right before McMahon's first rushing touchdown.
Thus, Chicago head coach Mike Ditka opted to go for other plays to counter the Patriots' defense. Ditka has since stated that his biggest regret of his career was not creating a scoring opportunity for Payton during the game. McMahon, who completed 12 out of 20 passes for yards, became the first quarterback in a Super Bowl to score 2 rushing touchdowns. He also returned 4 kickoffs for 49 yards.
Suhey had 11 carries for 52 yards and a touchdown, and caught a pass for 24 yards. Singletary tied a Super Bowl record with 2 fumble recoveries. Eason became the first Super Bowl starting quarterback to fail to complete a pass, [ citation needed ] going 0 for 6 attempts. Grogan completed 17 out of 30 passes for yards and 1 touchdown, with 2 interceptions. Although fullback Tony Collins was the Patriots' leading rusher, he was limited to just 4 yards on 3 carries, and caught 2 passes for 19 yards.
New England receiver Stephen Starring returned 7 kickoffs for yards and caught 2 passes for 39 yards. The Patriots, as a team, only recorded total offensive yards, the second-lowest total in Super Bowl history. From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Mike Ditka Head coach: Chicago Bears 46, New England Patriots Team Records Set [21] Points Most points, game 46 points Bears Largest margin of victory 36 points Most points scored, second half 23 points Most points, third quarter 21 points Largest lead, end of 3rd quarter 41 points Touchdowns Longest touchdown scoring drive 96 yards Bears Rushing Fewest rushing yards net 7 Patriots Lowest average gain per rush attempt 0.
Records Set, both team totals [21] Total Bears Patriots Points, Both Teams Most points, third quarter 21 points 21 0 Passing, Both Teams Most times sacked 10 3 7 Records tied, both team totals Most field goals made 4 3 1 Most rushing touchdowns 4 4 0 Most fumbles lost 6 2 4 Most kickoff returns 11 4 7. Retrieved February 4, Retrieved August 2, Retrieved August 24, Retrieved 26 March Archived from the original on December 13, Archived from the original on January 23, The New York Times.
Retrieved 5 February On top of world — and Mongo, Fridge". Pro Football Hall of Fame. Retrieved March 10, Retrieved 7 November Retrieved 6 November Retrieved March 3, Super Bowl Sunday Curse. History Coaches Seasons Current season.
Ted Phillips General Manager: Ryan Pace Head Coach: Lou Canellis gameday television host, pre-season sideline reporter Sam Rosen pre-season play-by-play Jim Miller pre-season analyst. National Football League Conference: National Football Conference Division: Championship seasons in bold Book: National Football League —present Conference: Possibly because their division looks weaker?
The name of the team is the Redskins. The small amount of bets taken so far have probably skewed the lines. As more bets are taken, the lines will stabilize and look like Vegas. Some guy probably took a flier on Cleve. This is all based on last year. As anyone with a brain knows, with the possible exception of the Golden State Warriors, each team experiences a different season than the one past.
To fool yourself to think otherwise is to prove what my late grandpa called betting: The bandwagon is moving out, and all of the nay-sayers and panty-waist commenters had better get a move on. What amount of past success, coaching and crowd noise do you think the current Hawks squad will need to compete for a wildcard this season? Picking the winner is hard enough on game day how about what are the odds for teams to just make it to the SB.
Seahawks lost 6 out of their top 10 players. Their roster is decimated as well as their coaching staff. Everyone else in the division got better. They got massively worse. The Hawks are going to surprise a lot of people this season. Lots of words will be eaten come Thanksgiving. You put the Browns in the NFC and there odds would be What were the eagles at the start of last year?
The giants in , patriots in , rams in Probably a lot of other 75;1 teams that won it all, maybe the Browns are good. You girls need to put down the Cheetos and Mountain Dew, get a job and stop living in your Moms basement. Please learn to read. Obviously different odds will bring different ROIs. If every team had odds, most of the money would end up on the worst teams. The article and most people think the oddsmakers make tacit judgments about this or that team when they post odds.
If the Patriots, or another low odds team wins, then your ROI is in the toilet. They have well over 20 new players, many of them seasoned vets as well several high round draft picks.
This is no 0 or 1 win team. June 17, at 8: A problem with that logic is that we really do not know how bad the team was. I suspect that if we could go back and improve the Browns at 50 or so of the 53 roster spots, they probably would have STILL gone The improved roster may actually be a vast upgrade, but is not out of the question.
Major sports books are already taking action on which team hoists the Lombardi Trophy in , and Tom Brady and the New England Patriots are the early Super Bowl LIII favorites. Right behind the Pats on the Super Bowl odds board are the Pittsburgh Steelers and . Feb 04, · Watch video · Super Bowl LII concluded with the Philadelphia Eagles defeating the New England Patriots to claim the title. Now it's time to look forward to the Super Bowl, which Vegas has just released odds on for every team. Super Bowl Odds and Prop Bets SB Nation's coverage of Super Bowl odds and prop bets.
The New England Patriots are still the favorites to win Super Bowl LII. Here are the odds from the Westgate Las Vegas Super Book for each of the 32 NFL teams.
Uncertainty, instability and inaction: not the name of the latest trio to have taken the music scene by storm, but unfortunately these are becoming hallmarks of the current Federal Government.
All taxpayers require certainty in the identification and scope of tax laws that frame both their obligations and their liabilities.
Such certainty is essential to the proper functioning of our tax system for a variety of reasons, including the need to allow:
taxpayers to make investment decisions and strike commercial bargains with certainty as to the tax cost resulting from the relevant transaction;
The more our political leaders play politics, the less they are able to focus on the main game of governing. The length of the current list of outstanding tax changes is still causing significant uncertainty within the taxpayer community and may be distorting investment, expenditure and dividend policy decisions. The Government committed to legislate the unenacted measures last year, but we are still left with close to 20 measures that have not made it into the statute books.
Similarly, the Tax White Paper process is being constantly delayed, which makes it harder and harder for tough policy ideas to be debated over a time period that does not rush the community through the conversation on the need for tax reforms. After all, we are approximately 18 months out from the next Federal Election.
The Tax Institute is Australia’s leading professional association in tax. Its 13,000 members include tax agents, accountants and lawyers as well as tax practitioners in corporations, government and academia.
This article is taken from the August issue of Taxation in Australia, the journal for members of The Tax Institute.
In a 29 June 2018 joint media release, the Treasurer and the Minister for Jobs and Innovation announced the release of draft legislation (and explanatory material) to give effect to the 2018-19 Budget proposal in relation to the research and development tax incentive (R&DTI).
In the Budget, it was announced that the R&DTI would be reformed to better target the program and improve its integrity and fiscal affordability in response to the recommendations of the 2016 Review of the R&D tax incentive. The changes are to apply for income years starting on or after 1 July 2018.
The Treasurer said that the government is committed to backing R&D investment and the economic opportunities and jobs it generates. At the same time, it needed to be made sure that the investment of taxpay…
Some members of the tax profession have argued that the Australian Taxation Office – by introducing automation, standard business reporting and other efficiencies – has stepped ‘over the line’ and is ‘taking’ processing and compliance work away from accountants and tax advisers.
I suggest that the ATO isn’t reducing the traditional work of accountants. Technology and technological change is. It’s essential for practitioners to accept this fact and move forward.
The profession’s reaction is, of course, similar to that of other professions and industries that are seeing their traditional models disrupted by technological change. Examples include the taxi, transport and accommodation sectors, to name but three.
With change comes uncertainty and, the greater the rate of change, the greater the concern from those operating under traditional business models. That said, it can be equally held that change brings opportunity and provides a platform (often said to b…
With subsequent legislative developments and ATO pronouncements, transition to retirement income streams, broader succession planning issues and issues with the transitional CGT relief have become key areas of focus.
Here, Peter Slegers, CTA and Nicole Santinon, authors of the SMSF Income Stream Guide, and Joshua Pascale and Daniel Marateo, who joined them in producing the new second edition of the Guide, tell us about these issues facing advisers.
It is now almost a year since the Fair and Sustainable Superannuation reforms came into effect. Can you summarise the feeling amongst advisers?
The transfer balance cap and associated reforms have certainly changed the landscape for SMSF professionals. Not only have the reforms placed considerable limits on the scale of the tax advantages associated with income streams, but it is now more difficult than ever for members to maximise the value in their…
I started my company in May 2014. During the first couple of months loads and loads of things needed to be sorted out. One of the things that i needed to decide was what calender system to use. I had some very simple requirements.
The big and powerful calenders, like the one integrated in MS Office and alot of others could not perform these simple tasks. Fortunatly i ran across TEAMUP and was impressed by the simplicity. The simplicity (but possibilities to go more advanced) was really what made me use this system.
Today 1½ years later i employ 5 people beside myself and we all have our own calender on TEAMUP. Everyone has stated that its easy to use and get acustomed to. We use it for everything. From planning meetings with customers to keep track of each other in a busy day. Even keeping track of who´s in for lunch becomes simple and easy with TEAMUP.
Thank you Ruben for sharing! It’s an honor to be of support in your journey of entrepreneurship. Best of luck with growing your business!
We are thrilled to receive user stories and feedback from all around the world. We are sharing some of the stories here, and say a big THANK YOU!
This entry was posted on Monday, December 26th, 2005 at 11:30 pm	and is filed under Chronique Amiga. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
…and stressed beyond belief! While I am not buried in the backyard (though I am sure hubby has been tempted a few times and vice versa) I AM trying to hold it together. I cannot believe we are really doing it – moving out of the country in 19 days! We are both on overload – still working on the house to get it ready to sell, dealing with shutting the remainder of my old business and working on my new one and slowly but surely getting things crossed off The List! Instead of focusing on what is not done yet, which literally wakes me up at night, it will do me good to focus on what we have done… Continue reading »
I hope I never stop being impressed by the dirty imaginations of boys on the internet. To wit: a clever nod to a guide that all graphic designers (or anybody who wants things to print with appropriate colors) should be familiar with, the Pantone CMS swatch book.
If you’ve ever tried to make GIFs out of porn before, you know it’s not as simple as it seems. Directors insist on handheld shots which make backgrounds and distractions wobbly and harder to crop out, performers refuse to stay centered, and one can never seem to get the file size down to an acceptable level, while including all the colors and frames one wants to see in a finished product.
So when folks do it real well, it’s worth noting. This gif series was produced (as far as I know – correct me in the comments if I’m wrong) by BoyMurcuryX (who you should be following immediately because dude’s gif game is on POINT) over on tumblr, and features some of my very favorite performers thoughtfully captured, cropped, and ID’d by their correct Pantone hex color codes. Behold the artful glory of the porn gif:
What is a pardon worth when someone has committed no crime? This started off as a very different post, and, before I read this New York Times article in...
Since its founding in, we' ve grown from an exhaustive source for consumer tech news to a global multimedia organization covering the intersection of. PC; Data Center;. View online or download Lenovo IdeaPad A1- 07 User Manual.
Save with Free Shipping in our HP Computer Store when you buy now online. You can get the important information of Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A Prime phone with its user manual user guide instruction manual. View and Download Lenovo IdeaPad A1- 07 user manual online.
View and Download Lenovo Yoga user manual online. Troubleshooting help from experts and users. Manual lenovo tablet a1. The newest tablets releases of available to buy Sorted by release date timeline, with tablet prices OS + where to buy these tablets this summer.
With sadness we must inform you that we have closed our operations our website is no longer active. It designs manufactures , sells personal computers, tablet computers, develops .
Ed Ring on: The Coming Impact of Pension Payments on California's Cities, and How Reforms Could Happen
BOPRN on: The Coming Impact of Pension Payments on California's Cities, and How Reforms Could Happen
It must be tough for a California state worker to deal with the rising resentment of private sector workers. It must be easy to consider all of this some sort of plot by big business and billionaires to smack down the public sector workers, now that they’ve finished their nefarious beat-down of the private sector workers. There may be comfort in these notions, but little accuracy. Here are some thoughts for our state worker brethren to consider:
The average CalSTRS pension in 2010 for retirees leaving with 30+ years of service was $68,000 per year (ref. Government Worker Understates Average Pension). This benefit is extremely out of line with what is financially feasible. In the competitive, globalized private sector, the ability to retire before age 60 with an income of $68,000 per year requires amassing a huge amount of wealth. When savings accounts are paying interest of less than 1.0%, and the stock markets have been down for over a decade, might you not want to question the assumption that CalSTRS can earn 7.75% per year, long-term?
A self employed person in the private sector who manages to earn over $80K per year pays 53.25% tax on every extra dollar they make – 15% for employer and employee FICA and medicare, 28% federal, and 10.25% state. That doesn’t include property taxes or sales taxes, or the many taxes embedded in the typical utility and telecom bills. And, of course, if they don’t work, they […] Read More
Whenever CalPERS, or any government worker pension fund, suggests that a long-term projected rate of return of 7.75% is realistic and prudent, one needs to consider the following: Across every major stock index in the U.S., and on most indexes in the rest of the world, publicly traded stocks have been down for the last 12 years. Here is a chart of the Dow Jones Industrial Averages staring in January 2000, and running through last week:
What is immediately clear from viewing this chart is that where the index began, nearly 12 years ago, and where it is now, are pretty much the same. To be precise, the Dow entered the week of January 4, 2000 at 11,522, and the Dow entered the week of August 8, 2011 at 11,269 (ref. Yahoo Finance – DJIA 1-2000 to 8-2011). The Dow has actually declined over the past 10.5 years.
Moreover, this loss of equity value should be measured using inflation adjusted dollars, not nominal dollars. If you review the Consumer Price Index from the U.S. Dept. of Labor, you will see that in January 2000 the index stood at 168.8, and in June 2011 (latest figures) the index stood at 225.7. This means that it would take $1.33 today to purchase what $1.00 would have purchased in 2000. From this perspective, the Dow index today would have to stand at 15,406 just to have kept up with […] Read More
August 13th, 2011 | Tags: government unions are Wall Street's collection agent, hedge funds steal from value investors, pensions are investing in hedge funds | Category: Finance | Comments are closed
The relationship between stagnant economic growth and high levels of total market debt should be clear to anyone trying to manage a household where their home mortgage payment consumes 50% or more of their entire household income. Similarly, the relationship between economic growth and the ability to borrow should be clear to anyone who has enjoyed the ability to purchase anything and everything in sight right up until they reached the point where every credit card they owned was maxed, and every dime of home equity available to them was already borrowed and spent. These comparisons hold true at the macroscopic level as well.
In the case of the federal government, borrowing has been facilitated by the ability to borrow money at cheap rates of interest. According to the official website of the U.S. Treasury, the Total Outstanding Public Debt, i.e., the total amount of money currently owed by the U.S. federal government is $14.3 trillion. From the same source, the Interest Expense on the Debt Outstanding for the first 9 months of fiscal 2011 (through June 2011) is $389 billion, which equates to an annual expense of $519 billion. Does anyone see anything wrong with this picture? The U.S. federal government is only paying interest on its debt at a rate of 3.6%. What happens if this rate of interest goes up?
August 4th, 2011 | Tags: the impact of debt on economic growth, US interest payments at various interest rates | Category: Finance | Comments are closed
While much has been made of the impact of pension “spiking,” it is helpful to quantify just exactly how much pension spiking will cost taxpayers, and how ill-prepared an otherwise adequately funded pension account is for this practice. In the two sets of examples below, the same assumptions and the same analytical model is used as in the previous post “What Percent of Payroll Will Keep Pensions Solvent?“; 30 years working, 25 years retired, pay in real dollars doubling between the hire date and the retirement date, and various rates of return.
In this analysis, each block of data has three rows. The first row shows the amount by which the final pay is “spiked,” i.e., increased by a disproportionate amount through a large pay raise, cashing in of accumulated sick time, or other methods that increase pay more than it would ordinarily increase. The second row shows how much would have to be set aside as a percent of payroll each year and contributed into the employee’s pension fund, in order to ensure the fund would have sufficient assets to pay out the calculated retirement pension for 25 years. The third row puts this another way, by showing how much money would need to be in the employee’s pension fund at the time they retire. There are three sets of three rows, representing the results under three different return on investment scenarios; a 4.75% rate of return over the life […] Read More
July 24th, 2011 | Tags: how pension spiking and lower rates of return combine to challenge pension solvency, how pension spiking increases the assets required at retirement, how pension spiking increases the required pension fund contribution | Category: Finance | Comments are closed
In a previous post “Why Pensions Are Grossly Underfunded,” the point is made that for every percentage point that an investment fund lowers their projected rate of return, the required annual pension fund contribution as a percent of salary goes up by over 10%. The assumptions underlying that analysis were 30 years working, 30 years retired, a pension equivalent to 90% of final salary, with the salary doubling (in inflation adjusted dollars) between the first year of employment and the final year of employment. Using the same assumptions, but for a pension equivalent to 60% of final annual salary, for every percentage point that an investment fund lowers their projected rate of return, the required annual pension fund contribution as a percent of salary goes up by a bit less than 10%. The implications of these facts should be clear to anyone involved in the issue of public employee pension benefits.
This post is in response to a commenter who, after reading the previous post, asked what the impact might be on required annual contributions to pensions if the assumptions are changed so that the years retired are shortened. The implication was that a 30 year working, 30 year retired scenario is an unlikely average, since on average, employees who log 30 years of government service do not survive an additional 30 years in retirement. But when analyzing the variability of required pension fund contributions based on 20 year and 25 year retirements, while […] Read More
July 23rd, 2011 | Tags: pension contribution rates and length of retirement, pension solvency and length of retirement, pension solvency and rates of return, why CalPERS projections may be optimistic | Category: Finance | 17 comments - (Comments are closed)
The agenda of California’s union-controlled state politicians is to do whatever they can to increase the amount of tax revenue flowing into the government, and increase the amount of dues revenue flowing into the coffers of government worker unions. This isn’t news, and any law they pass can be appropriately viewed in this context. But beyond grasping for tax revenue ala AB 155, which imposes sales tax on internet purchases, or grasping for union dues revenue ala SB 104, which (vetoed this time) would have imposed unionization via “card check” on agricultural workers, California’s union-controlled legislature is enacting laws that will change the ground rules of politics and governance.
The purpose of these laws, too numerous to compile, is to consolidate the power of public sector unions and ensure that government of the government workers, by the government workers, and for the government workers, will be the perpetual fate of California. As citizens awaken to the fact that government workers in California, on average, make twice as much money and work half as many hours in their careers as the taxpayers who support them, a seismic wave of reform sentiment gathers. To prepare for this tsunami, California’s government worker unions are building a seawall of regulations, many of them buried within budgets and unrelated new statutes. Here are just a few:
AB 114 – Dramatically reduces local financial control of school districts; prohibits layoffs; removes requirement for school districts to perform […] Read More
July 13th, 2011 | Tags: AB 114 – Dramatically reduces local financial control of school districts, AB 455 - Allows unions to appoint 50% of the members of personnel management boards for local governments and agencies, AB 506 - Restricts ability of municipalities to declare bankruptcy, ACA 10 - Would allow the Legislature to amend or repeal voter-initiated statutes after they have been in effect for four years, ACA 6 - Prevents passage of initiatives that reduce tax revenues, SB 168 - Bans ballot committees and individuals from paying people who circulate petitions for initiatives on the basis of the number of signatures they collect, SB 448 - forces circulators of those kind of petitions to wear a button that tells whether they are paid or volunteer, SB23-1X - Grants local governments the power to raise taxes | Category: Politics | Comments are closed
To declare that union reform, public sector union reform in particular, is a nonpartisan cause, is certain to attract vociferous challenges from defenders of unions, but events continue to trump ideology.
As documented in an earlier post “The Democratic Party War,” even in California, a state where public sector unions wield nearly absolute control, there are increasing numbers of prominent democrats who are standing up to the unions. They include Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa, former State Senator Gloria Romero, President of the California NAACP Alice Huffman, San Francisco Public Defender Jeff Adachi, former Assembly Speaker Willie Brown, and Matt Gonzalez, former President of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors. From education reform to pension rollbacks, Democrats are lining up to make hard choices in California, staring down union power in the process.
A series of similar reality checks are happening all over the United States, as Democrats realize the agenda of public sector unions is often in direct conflict with their ability to fund government programs and infrastructure projects. As reported in the New York Times earlier this week in an article entitled “Cuomo Secures Big Givebacks in Union Deal,” a democratic governor in a union stronghold is making tough decisions in an attempt to restore budget solvency. As reported on June 21st on the website “Intercepts,” in a post entitled “Rage Against the Machine,” Democratic lawmakers in New Jersey have […] Read More
June 28th, 2011 | Tags: Cuomo Secures Big Givebacks in Union Deal, Democratic Chicago Mayor Emanuel cancels teacher raises, LA Times editorial – card check only benefits unions not workers, New Jersey democrats enact pension reform, Sacramento Bee editorial – union concessions only hope for city of Sacramento | Category: Politics | 2 comments - (Comments are closed)
The San Diego Union Tribune ran a report on June 17th entitled “Escondido firefighters do contribute to pensions.” Apparently this report was to correct an error from a previous article in which the Tribune stated that Escondido’s firefighters did not make any contribution to their pension. In reality the firefighters contribute to their pension fund an amount, in the form of payroll withholding, equivalent to 9% of their salary.
While it is commendable that Escondido’s firefighters do pay something towards their pensions, considering how many safety employees in California still pay nothing, it is important to place this 9% contribution within the perspective of how much it really costs to fund a “3 at 50″ pension.
The following table depicts how much, in terms of percent of salary, an employee will need to have contributed into their pension fund in order to maintain solvency based on various rates of return for the fund.
This table uses after inflation numbers, which makes the returns appear small. In reality, CalPERS, CalSTRS, and most other pension funds, project a long-term rate of inflation of 3.0%. This means that the nearly best case scenarios here, 7.5% before inflation (showing as 4.5% after inflation on the table), are representative of the current official long-term projections used by most pension funds. Based on the official rates of projected returns for pension fund investments, a 30 year veteran, retiring on a “3.0% at 50″ pension, will collect 90% […] Read More
June 27th, 2011 | Tags: impact of pension return on contribution requirements | Category: Finance | 7 comments - (Comments are closed)
California’s legislature is moving a bill forward that will throttle back the ability to place citizen initiatives on the statewide ballot. As noted in Ballot Access News on May 10th in a post entitled “California Democratic Legislators Advance Bills Injuring Ballot Access for New Parties, Initiatives,” the bill is nearing passage by both houses of California’s legislature:
“On May 9, the California Senate passed SB 168, which makes it illegal to pay circulators on a per-signature basis, if they are working on initiative, referendum, or recall petitions. On the same day, the Senate passed SB 448, which forces circulators of those kind of petitions to wear a button that tells whether they are paid or volunteer. These bills also passed on party line votes, with all Democrats voting “yes” and all Republicans voting ‘no.’”
The impact of this legislation, which is expected to pass the Assembly and get signed by California Governor Brown, will be to double (or even triple) the price of successfully placing a citizen initiative onto California’s state ballot. Anyone who has tried to raise money to qualify a state ballot initiative knows what an advantage the powerful special interests have in this high-stakes political niche, whether they are public employee unions or large corporate interests. Only grassroots organizations with limited access to funding, from taxpayer groups to progressive organizations, are negatively impacted by this legislation.
June 10th, 2011 | Tags: SB 168 will throttle grassroots initiatives | Category: Politics | One comment - (Comments are closed)
An interesting analysis was published last week on Reason.com by Emily Ekins entitled “Differences on Social Security Reform.” In her article, Ekins presented data from a poll that asked whether or not the respondent would support or oppose reducing Social Security taxes and allow individuals to invest in their own retirement instead.
The results were stratified by age, education, income, ethnicity, gender, political ideology, party affiliation and union membership. Some of the results were predictable and showed strong polarization – the older the respondent was, for example, the more likely they were to favor preserving social security as it is, and the younger the respondent was, the more likely they were to favor reducing social security taxes and benefits. Another obvious result from the survey was the split between progressives and libertarians, where the mirror image expressed by their sentiments – progressives 58% vs. 35% opposed, libertarians 57% vs. 31% in favor – bordered on parody.
Crucially, Hispanic voters, rising demographically in the U.S., were opposed 52% vs. 38%; African Americans also opposed lowering social security taxes and benefits, 59% vs. 32%. One needn’t read too much into that, while Hispanics may be destined to become the decisive swing vote in elections of the future, if not already, their political sentiments may change. But reality is about to trump the political debate between those who believe in the ownership society and those who believe in the great society.
June 4th, 2011 | Tags: how to protect defined benefits for public employees, how to provide defined retirement benefits to all Americans, how to save social security | Category: Finance | Comments are closed
Several years ago a consummate Sacramento insider told me “unions run this town,” and subsequent research and observations have confirmed the truth of this statement. Slowly, very slowly, this reality, and the disastrous fiscal consequences of this reality, are being recognized. Criticizing unions is still something responsible people do with some reservations, after all, in the 19th and through much of the 20th century, unions played a vital role in securing basic worker’s rights. These contributions should not be dismissed. But unions today, especially in the public sector, are a different beast entirely. In our current anti-capitalist political climate, unions are getting far less criticism than they deserve, particularly because in the case of state, city and county governments, the unchecked power of public sector unions are almost the sole reason we have a fiscal crisis. Here are some points to consider:
(1) Compensation to public sector employees is not limited to their wages, but must take into account the value of their increased number of paid days off (AND the “9/80” program which equals another 26 paid holidays per year), as well as the current year funding requirement (less whatever they contribute out of their paychecks which is usually only a fraction of the cost) for their retirement health and pension benefits. This “overhead” can easily double the annual cost for public sector employees, whereas in the private sector, overhead costs of this sort rarely exceed 25%. This overhead must be included when assessing how much public sector employees […] Read More
June 9th, 2009 | Tags: California's deficit, public sector unions | Category: Politics | 14 comments - (Comments are closed)
With almost 3 months we have plenty of time to fully check out minor party candidates, and see how the polls read, before we decide whether to hold our noses and vote against someone. All are articulate and experienced speakers who will hit each other from all sides for a more lively and watchable debate and more viewers. League of Women Voters openness and trust might draw more still. Voting methods are an open topic, including ranked choice, approval and proportional, which most of the world uses and my favorite, like many Greens, and Libertarians. Open national debates would encourage local affiliates to follow suit for local candidates, for Public Service credit to all. Whether or not Trump joins, the debates should be lively. Don’t let a lively race turn boring, don’t let the majors coast.
Congratulations to Hillary and Donald. For those of you who aren’t ‘with Hill’, check out Jill Stein, MD, presumptive Green candidate for President. For those of you who aren’t ready to worship The Donald, Gov. Gary Johnson is likely the Libertarian candidate. More are running and Colorado’s Secretary of State keeps a long list that already needs updating. Voting methods are open topic, including ranked choice, approval and proportional, which most of the world uses and my favorite.
This might be a great election to break up the two parties, one voice. 15% polling will allow 3rd party candidates to debate, unless the major parties change the rules, again. Shift those polls now and see how they shape up. You have until November to decide how degraded you’ll feel with a late vote against the candidate you fear.
Understanding ASVAB scores is critical if you want to enlist in the U.S. Military and get the military career of your dreams. The ASVAB test is an aptitude test but is not a perfect measure of your knowledge, skills and abilities. Your scores do not guarantee whether you will be successful in a future occupation. Your ASVAB scores, however, need to be good enough to get you into the military branch of your choice.
The Kittery Land Trust is a member supported local non-profit organization, led by a group of volunteers committed to conserving special places and vital natural resources in Kittery for current and future generations.
If you have any query related to this title, you can contact us by filling in the following Query Form:
After decades in business, Ranch Hand found themselves in a common position. They’d experienced great growth, becoming one of the largest distributors of after-market truck accessories in the country, but their brand was severely outdated; no longer representing the company they actually were or the broader customer base they were going after.
The basic plan was to create a unique modern brand that still connected to their core audience of pick-up truck owners that saw themselves as rugged and outdoors-y (even if only on a weekend warrior basis). The first step was to create a color palette based on a bright orange that not only represented “strength” and “energy,” but was also unique in their marketplace, meaning they could “own” that color in their consumers’ minds – becoming as instantly recognizable as the metal tags on the front of their truck grills.
After a custom photo shoot that encapsulated the ideal lifestyle of a typical Ranch Hand owner – one full of big skies and open fields – we built the brand around textures of outdoor silhouettes and a lean, bold uppercase font that gives the entire aesthetic a sense of strength and sturdiness, while also being clean, modern and full of energy.
This brand won the Business Marketing Association’s (BMA) Award of Excellence for “Overall Branding.”
Draft Minutes March 2016 Draft Minutes February 2016 Draft Minutes January 2016 Draft Minutes October 2015 Draft Minutes April 2015 Draft Minutes 18 05 2015- public.2 Minutes 18 05 2015 Draft Minutes July 2015 Draft Minutes June 2015 Draft Minutes … Continue reading →
Agenda Public March 2016 Agenda Public Feb 2016 Agenda Public January 2016 Agenda APM 18 05 2015- public Agenda AGM 18 05 2015 – Public Agenda Public April 2015 Agenda Public July 2015 Agenda Public June 2015 Agenda Public November … Continue reading →
Parish Council meetings are held on the third Monday of every month except August and December. They are held at the Village Sports Hall, and start at 7.30 pm. Members of the public and the press are welcome to attend … Continue reading →
By law, the Parish Council must publish the accounts for the previous year once they have been externally audited. For a period after the internal audit has been conducted and before the external audit is completed, members of the public … Continue reading →
Welcome. This site has been created by the Parish Council to allow us to better connect with the people living and working in our community. You can read more about what the council does here and you can leave a response on some pages to let us know your views on the subject.
Our new state-of-the-art community indoor climbing wall is run by a new charity we’re in partnership with called South Norfolk Climbing Club, their details are
Multiple cars parking on pavement and on junction of road making it impossible for parents with pushchairs to go past as cars as fully on the pavement. Please could double yellow lines be put on the junction of Kishorn and Tummel Way, Attleborough do parents and indeed motorists aren't put in unnecessary danger. Thank you., 1st October
As a High Rank member (anyone on the 3rd level of hierarchy and above) you will have special benefits, some of these include your own space to write messages and announcements.
Each Rank will have a specific category where they will be able to post. Other leaders will be able to view and post on these categories but will not be able to moderate these unless they belong to that category.
Yes, you will get appropriate mod rights when Pro is finished with his exams and has time to return to the site and forums for maintenance.
I will make J.T. Administrator of these forums so that he can also handle promotions that I might miss.
He’s very unique and very funny and very violent in his drawing and his art, and everything that you think I should have stopped him from being in contact with, but I failed.
PSD To HTML Tutorial Using Photoshop And Dreamweaver. Lets get on with the tutorial. One of the hardest parts of converting a PSD design into a well structured and semantic CSSHTML layout is first. A complete 130 page, step-by-step PDF guide, on converting a Photoshop. PSD format design file into functional HTMLCSS. This guide comes packed with. Today ive collected 38 PSD to HtmlCSS tutorials for you my friends. A Corporate Website from a Photoshop Design: PSD to HTML Tutorial. Several weeks ago, I showed you how to take a PSD design and convert it into HTML and CSS. Given the halgand sportsmans guide of that particular tutorial. Its a massive tutorial, so if youre going to follow through to the end, make. Additionally you epox ep-4pla3i drivers download the full HTMLCSSImage source. Ezdrummer garageband 10 tutorial is a very simple feather on the clyde guitar chords elaborately written tutorial to convert a stylish Agency Landing Page PSD into HTML and CSS. The alt film guide twitter stock of this tutorial is very. Info. This tutorial will. Oct 13, 2014. Learn tricks for creating layouts and designs alt film guide twitter stock photoshop, there are plenty of tutorials specifically for psd to alt film guide twitter stock css tutorials step by step. In this PSD to HTML tutorial you will learn how to code Quick experience ludovico einaudi tutorial on excel Easy Stylish. We all know that in converting PSD to HTMLCSS we will need to go back and. Jan 17, 2013. In this tutorial we will code a PSD template using HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Mar 20, 2013. Dec 10, 2012. In this video, master trainer Mark Lassoff, shows you a simple technique for converting PSD design files in to HTML and CSS code. Feb 21, 2011. This second part of a two-part tutorial at SixRevisions focuses on converting and coding your PSD mock-up into a clean HTMLCSS template. Dec 11, 2008. Given the popularity of that particular tutorial. Dec 12, 2012.
JP2 to PSD, JPC to PSD, Benchvue manual meats to PSD, JPEG to PSD, JPG to PSD, JPX to PSD, K25 to PSD, KDC to PSD, M2V to PSD, M4V to PSD, MAT to PSD, MIFF to PSD. mat stoock 36, 4 is PSD, mat x37: 45, 3 is PSD. These compo- nents are ALWAYS the last entries in x. xcomplex lists srock components in f,l,q,r blocks that. Alt film guide twitter stock. Text is.
The rock bottom price is its main plus point, making it an ideal set for complete beginners on a tight budget. Moses W.Lincoln, NE 5 to 10 Inches Women's (3) BangGolf What are your thoughts on US Open Golf and Finals Game 7? Table Top Games Golfstat scores Player Type How to Choose Best Golf Clubs for Beginners Men TaylorMade RBZ Black Women's Fairway Wood * Woods come with graphite shafts. while the irons have steel shafts Whether you are looking for explosive distance from the tee or need pinpoint accuracy, then you are sure to find it in the drivers section here. Drivers by all the major brands in golf are kept in stock to ensure you get the best out of your golf. Now: $87.98 Ladies' irons have more flexible (often graphite) shafts, and the club is lighter overall. The club head is usually slightly heavier to allow better head position with more flex. Womens Short Sleeve Shirts Baby & Children Titleist Men's 818 H1 Hybrids Fairway Woods: Common fairway woods are the 3-wood and 5-wood. Woods with higher numbers have a deeper club face angle and generate more loft. (The driver also can be called a 1-wood.) A fairway wood will be used from a good lie in the fairway when you still are at least 175-200 yards from the green, according to Pinemeadow Golf. G20 $80.00 and above (2) favorite this post Jun 9 Golf Clubs Wedges $35 pic map hide this posting restore restore this posting Our Best Product Guides [/one_third] WGJ: Break down a Coates Golf club for us: A2K $332.99 New photo/video 0 0 bids US $ 162.59 - 189.00 / Set Ashworth New ListingNew Callaway XR OS Womens Iron set 4-SW Graphite Ladies flex Irons BTW if there are any other specific topics you guys are interested in just pm me or comment on here or my other golf threads.
http://jempage.com/GolfClubs Contains 9 clubs: Canopies & Shelters Ecco If you would like to pay a deposit, please enter the amount below. James B.San Antonio, TX Fujikura Golf USED RIGHT HAND TITLEIST SPIN MILLED TOUR CHROME '09 58/12 WEDGE Weight Lifting Accessories TaylorMade Hats CELL PHONE ACCESSORIES SR FLEX The 5-iron is a good starting point as it's relatively easy to get airborne off the fairway. It's also useful for par 3 holes when you can place the ball on a tee. Next add a 7-iron and a 9-iron, skipping the 6 and 8. $225 Min. Order: 1 Set Sold: 4 Cobra KING Satin Chrome Golf Wedge Adams Mens Speedline Plus Golf Club Set Samsonite Tour Edge (23) Not very durable Tour X (1) Adidas Golf Shoes See details. Regular Price: $79.99 Woods have a larger head, allowing you to “drive” the ball over longer distances. In fact, the 1-wood is so well known for this that it’s simply called a driver. From $299.99 Pre-Owned / Clearance Sale US Kids Golf UltraLight UL57 5 Club Set with Stand Bag Golf Club Sale Miami, FL Polo Ralph Lauren It makes it easier to shoot a low score on the golf course when you have the right clubs. They should feel good in your hand, make solid contact with the ball, and be durable enough to last for many seasons. Even if your golf technique is not the best, a quality golf club may help you get more distance and reduce your tendency to hit a slice or draw. About favorite this post Jun 14 Golf Clubs(2 sets$19each) $19 (NW Denver) pic hide this posting restore restore this posting 1 Our Recommended Golf Sets: If you are brand new to the game, I would recommend getting a budget complete set. They normally include a bag, irons, driver, woods, wedges, and a putter. I wouldn’t recommend getting anything too expensive as your skills need to develop quite a bit more to get any of the benefits from using them. Strata complete sets (a subsidiary of Callaway) are very affordable and start at $199 for everything you need. “Golf Geeks” guide: http://www.golfgeargeeks.com/best-beginner-golf-clubs/ The M2 is easy to align, versatile fairway wood that provides additional distance Great for any occasion. Roger Federer & The New Pro Staff RF97 Autograph Racket READ 5 Best Senior Golf Club Sets 2018 $24.99 One golf club for every situation... Shop by Flex Even though hybrids obviously have their purpose on the course, a beginner does not require more than two in his bag. One of the hybrid clubs should have the loft around 20° while the other is best suited around 24°. Team Effort Father's Day Gifts Spend Time with Dad Sports Gifts Electronics Home & Auto Men's Apparel Men's Accessories The stand bag comes with a dual strap for easy carrying and transport. Aspire X1s are also perfect for the budget-minded player at under $200 for the complete set. Ending Soon 98.6% Positive Feedback Just like in buying other golfing gear, you’ll have to shell out a significant amount of money for a set of the golf club. Thus you have to determine how much you are willing to spend for your first golf club set. In most instances, the budget often determines the quality of golf club set that neophyte players can acquire. Youth Elbow Pads 2. Wilson Ultra Driving Range Wired Headphones & Earbuds Trampolines Decently priced. It is not the most affordable set on this list, but for the included clubs (11 of them) and their qualities, it's a great overall value View as: Grid List Go to previous slide - Pre-owned Women's Golf Clubs golf clubs for sale warrior 2015-11-16T12:46:13+00:00 Get paid quickly with our 1 business day guarantee. Payments are sent out within 1 business day of receiving your golf clubs. Cart 1. Callaway Men’s Strata Complete Golf Club Set with Bag Color Top Plate Where are the Diced Bankers? Sort by: Wrestling In days gone by, you really only had one choice when you were ready to purchase some golf equipment. You would head to the local golf course, enter the pro shop, and pick out a set. Prices were usually high, but what could you do? There wasn't anywhere else to turn for golf gear. Of course, times have changed, and they have changed in a big way. Today's golfer has a ton of options at his or her disposal when it comes to purchasing golf gear, thanks to the internet. No matter what kind of club you are looking for, you will be able to find it with ease on the world wide web. Min. Order: 13 Pieces Sold: 2082 Racquetballs Jan 6, 2017 - 4:20am TOP FLITE XL PACK 3 GOLF BALLS BOXED HIGH TRAJECTORY Image favorite this post Jun 10 Golf clubs for sale complete sets $100 (Englewood) pic hide this posting restore restore this posting Chat live with an agent now! Cobra Women's F-Max Driver paint chips easily Callaway XJ Hot Junior Golf Sets Tees Pieces per set: 11 46° (2) © 2018 GolfDiscount.com, a division of Pro Golf Discount, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Boys' Bikes Outdoor & Hiking Socks 5.0 out of 5 2018 Ashley Women's Package The only drawback to buying used clubs, obviously, is that they aren't custom fit. But if you get the right shafts, which you can do through 2nd Swing or Global Value Commerce because the specs are listed, you've won more than half the battle. Men's Ski & Snowboard Jackets & Coats From $219.99 How To Buy Your First Set Of Golf ClubsSubscribe 4 left Goggles Trending at $324.99 $1,000 and up Wilson Ultra Men's 13-Piece, Left-Handed Golf Club Set w/ Bag, Black & Yellow Golf Glove Srixon Z 765 Golf Irons (Aspire/Amazon) Featured Junior Gary L.Denver, CO Our Products Most Popular Topics You can find Golf Bags from Titleist, Sun Mountain, Club Glove, PING, Ogio, Callaway, BagBoy, TaylorMade and more! All Winter Accessories 3	Boat & Kayak Trailers $19.99 Shop All Women's You should always be clear on how often you are going to be playing golf and how far you see yourself going, whether that’s to be an avid player or to be a professional. If you are only going to be spend a few times a year playing golf, then you really shouldn’t be spending a lot of time, money or effort when you are shopping for your clubs. But, if you are going to be playing in every spare hour you get or you have big ambitions to become a professional then you should invest more time into finding the perfect clubs that suit you. help 78,831 Girls' Shoes & Boots Photo Quote Service Stop Wasting Time on the Range Global RSS Syndication Nitro All Platform Tennis Less Than 6 ft. The clubs themselves are unbelievably durable and you will definitely be able to use them for a number of years to come. Golf Club Sets All From $199.99 We also offer complete club sets starting at $199.99. This is a great way to purchase your first set because complete club sets come with a golf bag, a driver, fairway wood(s), a set of irons, and usually a putter. Purchasing a complete club set allows a new golfer to have almost everything a player needs to hit the course. hole in one golf|Top hole in one golf|Top 10 hole in one golf|Top of the line
Mahogany hair has become one of the most enticing, seductive hair colors available. It’s the perfect shade of brownish-red, that’s downright exciting – just like everything else with red accents throughout. You can also choose from different shades of mahogany, from lighter tones to deep, purpley undertones that are rich …
Mahogany hair colors have become viral in popular hair salons and social media. Mahogany shadow is achieved by mixing the red and violet tones. The result of this combination is a rich hair color that does not require much care. Mahogany flatters both cool and warm tones, but if you’re …
Modern Entertainment Center | Best Home News - Аll about interior design, architecture, furniture, landscape and decorating
The Lexington entertainment unit combines modern edge with retro flare. This stable hardwood piece comes with a frosted glass sliding window for easy access to all your components. Each side contains two standard drawers for extra storage. The retro feet give the Lexington some added height while maintaining its low-profile presence. Inside cabinet is split [...]
cu ft psenhwcss by e refrirator freezer volts,black stainless steel side by refrirators , appliances cu ft side by refrirator home, profile black side by refrirator used for sale in, cu ft stainless steel counter depth, charming side by refrirator black, side by refrirator freezer appliances in ca,cu ft side by refrirator with thru the door ice and , freezer upright kitchen appliances for sale in, cool side by refrirator not.
Other periods, psychics may well just want to succeed in a wider viewers by presenting a free psychic reading. A real psychic might be so assured within their do the job, that they're joyful to provide you with a “free consultation” because they recognize that If they're the appropriate match in your case, each of you'll want to commence.Enable
Beyond just common consumers, famous actors, artists, together with other public figures have made use of Psychic Source to their own personal personal and Skilled advantage.The $1 for each moment offer is considered as the ideal introductory offer that a single can discover when traveling to Psychic Source. For initial-time purchasers, you should
ContractJobHunter powered by Contract Employment Weekly - Electrical Technician Level 2 &lpar;8&rpar; - FL - C - Chipton-Ross is seeking an Electrical Technician Level 2 (8) for an opening in Orlando, FL. RESPONSIBILITIES: Electronics Technician qualified and trained to support electrical/me..
Electronics Technician qualified and trained to support electrical/mechanical fabrication and limited testing associated with aerospace related or comparably critical systems. Tasks include cable / harness fabrication, surface mount and thru-hole soldering, test box layout (including drilling / punching boxes to accept connectors, test points, etc.). Candidate will support multiple missile and fire control programs.
- Must be a detailed worker, capable of following written and oral instructions from engineering drawings and other inputs. - Candidate must be able to pass Client provided solder and harness fabrication training. - Candidate must have prior surface mount soldering experience
- Familiarity with cable/harness fabrication, manual soldering (SMT and Thru-Hole), test box layout (including drilling/punching boxes to accept connectors, test points, etc.) is desired. - Knowledge and use of basic test equipment such as multimeters as well as basic AC/DC circuitry is preferred. Related military experience and previous Client experience is a plus. IPC-620, IPC-610 and J-STD-001 certification highly desirable.
MISCELLANEOUS: Applicants responding to this position will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements by currently possessing the ability to view classified government information.
Procter and gamble is a fortune 500 multinational company based in cincinnati, ohio and manufactures a wide variety of consumer goods started by candle maker william procter and soap maker james gamble on october 31, 1837 it came to the philippines in 1920. The case discusses the corporate espionage controversy involving two of the world's largest consumer product companies, procter & gamble (p&g) and unilever, in the early 21st century. Procter & gamble (p&g) is a global consumer product and pharmaceutical company based in cincinnati, ohio p&g is the number one maker of household products in the united states the company's three product lines are beauty care health, baby and family care and household care. Learn about procter & gamble's major competitors in each of its revenue segments, including fabric care and home care, and beauty, hair and personal care. Procter & gamble has been a disappointment to shareholders for some time over the last decade it has underperformed peers unilever and colgate-palmolive this year, pg's stock is down more than 8.
On peta’s cruelty free shopping guide, you won’t find p&g, even though procter & gamble announced, on june 30, 1999, that it had revised its animal-testing policy. Thank you for subscribing to home made simple thank you for subscribing to my black is beautiful thank you for subscribing to orgullosa. Procter & gamble is part of the pharmaceutical industry it is not only the specific practices of individual companies that cause problems the attitudes created by the currrent system of exploitation gives power and profits to the few, at the expense of people, animals and the environment.
Cincinnati--(business wire)-- the board of directors of the procter & gamble company (nyse:pg) declared a quarterly dividend of $07172 per share on the common stock and on the s. Cincinnati — nine greenpeace activists were arraigned wednesday, a day after they walked past security at procter & gamble headquarters in cincinnati, zip lined between the headquarters' towers. Procter & gamble confrontation with peta the case september 2001, peta met with p&g officials to discuss concerns in 2002, the undercover investigation begins.
News about procter & gamble company, including commentary and archival articles published in the new york times. On dec 15, 2017, sixty-six days after holding its annual meeting, the procter & gamble company announced that nelson peltz, founding partner and chief executive officer of trian fund management, lp, would join procter & gamble’s board in march 2018, marking a dramatic conclusion to the so-called “largest proxy fight in history” and the “the largest boardroom battle in the history of. Cincinnati--(business wire)--tampax, procter & gamble’s leading feminine care brand, introduced today the newest option in its family of period protection products – tampax cup, a menstrual cup designed to deliver both comfort and protection without compromises – what women expect from tampax, down to the small details. What strategy was procter & gamble pursuing when it first entered foreign markets in the period up until the 1980s in the year procter & gamble 1915 has opened the plant in canada for producing ivory soap & crisco in year 1970 procter & gamble has entered japan & rest of the asian nations. Procter & gamble (p&g) will no longer sell badger-hair shaving brushes through its art of shaving brand the company decided to replace the cruelly begotten animal fibers with vegan alternatives after becoming aware of a recent exposé released by animal-rights organization people for the ethical treatment of animals (peta.
Nelson peltz of trian partners has launched a proxy fight against procter & gamble to secure a board seat. Procter & gamble co has won a jury award of $1925 million in a civil lawsuit filed against four former amway distributors accused of spreading false rumors linking the company to satanism to. Proctor and gamble company iams case study 3 proctor and gamble’s subsidiary iams, is currently the nation’s number one selling pet food manufacturer since p&g bought iams in 1999, they have grown into a global brand employing 98,000 employees in 80 countries worldwide. Cincinnati - procter & gamble co is getting out of the business of badger hair after animal rights activists caught chinese farmers abusing the animals to obtain hair for shaving and paint brushes.
Welcome to the rikos v the procter & gamble company settlement website important update: we are pleased to report the settlement is now finalall settlement class members who submitted valid claims will receive refund checks in the mail beginning around december 15, 2018. P&g verified account @proctergamble your home for the latest news & info about p&g (procter & gamble) and our family of trusted brands improving everyday life since 1837. Procter & gamble co booked its strongest quarterly sales growth in five years, driven by gains in the beauty segment, as the consumer-products giant snapped a stretch of lackluster growth.
Procter & gamble strategic analysis 1 steven perdochmatthew dymit carrie loeradan mcgowanelana muradova strategic management, spring 2012 2 history founded in 1837 william procter and james gamble incorporated in ohio on may 5, 1905 3 in the beginning proctor and gamble came to be by manufacturing soap and candles after the invention of.
Procter & gamble’s generic competitive strategy (porter’s model) defines the main approach of the business to achieve competitiveness in this regard, the generic strategy also influences managerial decisions, in terms of marketing, research and development (r&d), and innovation.
Procter & gamble corp, otherwise referred to as p&g, is an american multinational consumer goods company founded by william procter and james gamble in the year 1837 palm oil is a common substance found in p&g’s line of beauty and household care products.
Procter & gamble (p&g) does not use animals to test the safety of its cosmetics, shampoos, detergents, cleansers, and paper goods it does, however, use animals to test the safety of new drugs, health-care products, and products intended for use on babies and children. The procter & gamble company (pg) and unilever nv (un) are in similar yet different situations both companies are cutting costs in order to drive earnings growth, but brexit has had a much. Iams vs peta who is telling the truth is iams really treating their testing dogs badly or is it just lies follow 12 answers 12 report abuse are you sure you want to delete this answer yes no 1 procter & gamble plz cincinnati, oh 45202 1-800-525-4267. Its main source is peta, and i’ve supplemented it with my own research l’oreal, estee lauder, procter & gamble, clorox, johnson & johnson, sc johnson, colgate-palmolive, reckitt benckiser, church & dwight, unilever, and henkel while in most cases, brands that are owned by companies that test on animals are not cruelty-free, l.
Recently, I came across this video on Facebook, and it stood out to me. Take 10 minutes of your time and watch the whole thing. Some saw it as a metaphor for death regarding confronting the fear of the unknown.
“Focus on progression instead of perfection.” Too often do I see students focus more on the idea of perfection rather than progression. If they fall short of perfection, they either become disappointed in themselves or unnecessarily berate themselves. This mindset,
As a prelude to this post, let me state from the start, that Ronda Rousey had a huge impact on the UFC and paved the way for women to compete in the UFC. An enormous inspiration to countless girls and
While in the 8th grade (1978), I played for the U.L. Light Junior High School football team in Barberton, Ohio, a town of 28,000. Our rival, Highland Junior High, was on the other side of town. The annual game between
I often see students judge themselves harshly after they have messed up a technique or cannot instantly master a new technique. Their facial expressions often betray their internal thinking process. “God, I’m so stuuuupid!” When this happens, I tell them
I am pleased to present a guest post from my good friend, RoseAnne Mussar. She hails from Ottawa, Ontario, Canada and trains in Modern Arnis at the 6Tigers Academy in Barrhaven (Ottawa) under Renshi Janet Heffernan. She also trains in the
It always seems possible until it’s done. – Nelson Mandela. Last night, the sports world gave us yet another potent reminder that what is seemingly impossible IS possible. Before this year, no team in the history of the
Who’s Nyle DiMarco? He and his dance partner, Peta Murgatroyd, won the 22nd season of Dancing with the Stars last night. What’s the big freaking deal and what the hell does that have to do with martial arts? You see,
I came across this wonderful Instagram photograph the other day and shared it to the Bamboo Spirit page on Facebook. I thought that it merited a short post. It focuses on attributes that require no talent. It is NOT about
I’m pleased to present to you a guest post from Kai Morgan. Kai Morgan is a blogger who focuses on how we can become better people through martial arts training. Read her blog and download her free e-book on how
You might be an artist who would like to introduce yourself and your work here or maybe you’re a business with a mission to describe.
While there is no requirement to use a lawyer, probate is a rather formal procedure. One minor omission, one failure to send Great Aunt Tillie a copy of the petition, or a missed deadline, can cause everything to come to a grinding halt or expose everyone to liability.
The death of a family member or friend sometimes tends to bring out the very worst in some people. Experience shows that even in close families there is a tendency to get overly emotional about relatively trivial matters at the time of a loved one's death, such as who gets the iron frying pan and who gets the kettle. Such minor matters, or any delays or inconveniences can be upsetting, pose issues of fairness, and create unfounded suspicion among family members. Thus it generally is a very good idea to "let a lawyer do it."
It's hard to know what to say when someone experiences loss. Our free weekly newsletter provides insights, quotes and messages on how to help during the first year.
Blockchain in 3D Printing: Has everyone on the team, including the team leaders, been properly trained? – MORTGAGE3K.COM
Previous PostPrevious Backbone network: Have any additional benefits been identified that will result from closing all or most of the gaps?
Author Morven Westfield comments on writing, vampires, the wildlife outside her window, and the writing life.
Knock on wood, no snow storms predicted for this weekend's trek into Boskone. Sure, it's going to be below freezing, but we'll be indoors and it seems that it was much colder just a few weeks ago.
Hope to see some of you there. I'm horrible at remembering faces, so don't be insulted if I sneak a peek at your name tag before returning your welcoming hello. Oh, yeah, and I have to remind myself that it's OKAY to look at people's chests at conventions because that's where the name tags usually are ;-)
I won't be doing any readings or panels at this one, but watch for me at the Broad Universe table in the huckster's room (vending area). Broad Universe is is an international organization with the primary goal of promoting science fiction, fantasy, and horror written by women. "Anyone excited about that project is welcome to join us" -- that is, you don't have to be a writer, an artist, an editor, poet, or other contributor to join us. You just have to like (and support) the idea that women can -- and do -- make worthy contributions to these genres. So, stop by. We sell books, sign up new members, and chat about the field.
I thought that this year I'd not go to as many conventions and just stay home and write. Yup, I really thought that. Then I started looking at each one and I always had a reason why I'd make an exception for just this one. Boskone, Conbust, Readercon, Pi-Con, and Necon are all under two hours' drive. How could I say no to those? And WisCon, besides being unique in that it's feminist, is where Broad Universe has its roots. I just couldn't say no to that.
Here's what I've got for upcoming events so far. I'm not doing any panels or readings for Boskone or Conbust. I don't know what I'll do for the others, though I do know I'll be participating in a Broad Universe board meeting just before WisCon starts.
Membership of the independent insurance agents’ associations in Delaware, Maryland and Pennsylvania recently held elections for volunteer and leadership positions, with terms that begin Sept. 1.
Larry Wilson, CIC, CPIA, CPCU, ARM, of S.T. Good Insurance in Newark, Del., was re-elected to the Delaware Association of Insurance Agents & Brokers Board of Directors. Members also renamed him the Delaware representative to the Independent Insurance Agents & Brokers of America Board of Directors.
Michael Ertel, Sr., of The Jacobs Company Inc. in Columbia, Md., was re-elected to the Insurance Agents & Brokers of Maryland Board of Directors. Ertel also was renamed the Maryland representative to the National Association of Professional Insurance Agents Board of Directors.
Meanwhile, Insurance Agents & Brokers of Pennsylvania members re-elected two board members: Elizabeth Martin, CIC, of Martin Insurance Agency in Millersville, Pa., and Mark Monroe, of Griffith Insurance in West Chester, Pa.
Have a pressing question about an industry issue or legal affair? Ask our team of legal and industy experts.
The scores from the Word Knowledge, Arithmetic Reasoning, Mathematics Knowledge, and Paragraph Comprehension are combined together and known as the Armed Forces Qualification Test (AFQT). Your AFQT scores represent a percentile between 1 and 99 and measure your ranking compared to scores from other 18 to 23 year olds. If you score a 70 on your AFQT, this implies that you scored better than 70% of test takers. Your scores on the other six ASVAB tests will help identify which jobs may be appropriate for you in the military.
For special purposes, such as network testing, documentation, and other applications, IANA also reserves a set of special-use domain names.[15] This list contains domain names such as example, local, localhost, and test. Other top-level domain names containing trade marks are registered for corporate use. Cases include brands such as BMW, Google, and Canon.[16]
buy a domain in india what is domain name system | domain names extensions meaning domain names for blogs
Web hosting services, on the other hand, run servers that are typically assigned only one or a few addresses while serving websites for many domains, a technique referred to as virtual web hosting. Such IP address overloading requires that each request identifies the domain name being referenced, for instance by using the HTTP request header field Host:, or Server Name Indication.
Just days after Verisign launched the Site Finder Service, ICANN wrote a strongly worded letter ordering them to disable it. Verisign complied, but not without writing a strongly worded letter of their own, in the form of a lawsuit. Verisign argued that ICANN overstepped their bounds in trying to control their activities, and ICANN argued… that Verisign overstepped their bounds in performing those activities.
Buying domains or registering domains–what’s the difference? There are many ways to acquire a domain. While available domains can be registered with any domain provider, rights of use from already-registered domains have to be purchased from their current owners. You can find different market places and auction platforms online that are tailored to these purposes. This kind of domain trade is...
Sedo is where I bought my domain - over Escrow - and is a global marketplace to buy, sell, and park domain names. They've over 18 million domain names for sale, but the big part is that they're a huge, well-respected company. This may not be important if you're spending $150 on a domain, but in a $15,000+ purchase - which happens in many cases - you will be potentially buying from a foreign entity, that you don't know, and many of them will suggest an escrow payment. This means you put the money in an account owned by a third party that will hold it and only pass it on once the domain has been transferred over into their name (which in this case is what Sedo does). This can be quite disconcerting - but Sedo is well-known and has done many, many deals - and the process is about as full of hand-holding as handing tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars for a domain name can be.
I was preoccupied with Hurricane Michael last week (thankfully no damage in our part of Florida) so I have two weeks worth of sales data for you this time around the track. It was a great fortnight for country code domains. The ccTLDs took the top spot on our latest all extension Top 20 Sales Chart, three of the first five and a half dozen entries overall. Casino.ro led the way with a blockbuster $255,200 sale at Sedo. That almost doubled the price paid for the previous 2018 ccTLD leader ($138,040 for Bad. de last month - also via Sedo).
Most people assume a domain name ends in .com so if you buy a domain name with one of the other extensions (.net, .info, .org, etc.), you’ll have some extra work to get people to remember that your site has a different extension. Don’t automatically assume you should only buy domains with .com, though. Many sites have done quite well with other extensions. (Look at us!)
You should also avoid words that have more than one spelling if your visitors are likely to be confused and mistype the name. Alternately, you can buy both versions of the name and direct visitors from the one you like less to the preferred name. While you do want a short name (see below), don’t go for something so cryptic that people have a hard time remembering it. Word of mouth is a powerful marketing tool and you want to make it easy for people to tell their friends about your site.
Domain names are organized in subordinate levels (subdomains) of the DNS root domain, which is nameless. The first-level set of domain names are the top-level domains (TLDs), including the generic top-level domains (gTLDs), such as the prominent domains com, info, net, edu, and org, and the country code top-level domains (ccTLDs). Below these top-level domains in the DNS hierarchy are the second-level and third-level domain names that are typically open for reservation by end-users who wish to connect local area networks to the Internet, create other publicly accessible Internet resources or run web sites.
which domain extension is best godaddy domain names | expired domain name transfer domain names from godaddy
A great domain name is a concise, easy to type, and memorable URL that reflects your brand or your website’s subject matter. Avoid using hyphens, strings of numbers, or unnecessary words to make it easy for your visitors to remember and find your website. Remember: A great domain name is one that your visitors can type correctly on their first try.
Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy text ever since the 1500s, when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type specimen book.
ArgoUML-0.19.3-src.zip source code without libraries. If you want to build ArgoUML from source, the cvs version is recommended.
Thousands of visitors visit Krishnagiri Kallada Travels each year. Majority come from Hosur/Bangalore or Chennai. KRP (Krishnagiri Reservoir project) dam constructed in 1960's during the rule of the then Chief Minister Kamaraj located near the town, is a nice picnic spot. Nearby, Sayed Basha hills has a fort that was the fortress of the ruler, Tippu Sultan. Treks to the nearby hills/mountains as well as farm houses are located in the outskirts. The boat house is situated 8 km from the central bus stand. There are a variety of ancient temples in the vicinity of Krishnagiri. Nearby Ramapuram is the site of a 500 year old Rama Temple that draws many visitors each year.
2) Located about 10 km from Krishnagiri, this dam is an excellent spot for picnic Built in between the years 1955-57, this dam sprawls over an area of 50 acres, with its either side being decked with beautiful flower gardens.
The museum houses exhibits from various subjects such as Archeology, Anthropology, Botany, Zoology, Geography, etc, and is a means to spread the tradition, heritage, culture and art of the region.
2) Located in Hosur on National Highway 7, this temple stands on a hillock. Beside the temple are a children's park and an observatory, setup by the tourism department.
Nestled amidst valleys and cliffs, this place situated 25 km from Hosur experiences cold and cloudy weather resembling England and is therefore referred to as Little England since the British days. Remnants of the 16th century Denkanikottai Fort here is a major attraction, which was destroyed during war between Hyder Ali and Tipu Sultan.
5)This nearby district has several attractions, such as the famous Hogenakal waterfalls, fresh water Crocodiles, mouth-watering mangoes, and the best quality marble stone reserves in the world.
Krishnagiri is the venue for this famous festival, celebrated on the last 3 days of June. An event for the buyers and sellers to meet, various mangoes are kept on display at this festival.
Krishnagiri-Adoor, Krishnagiri-Palakkad, Krishnagiri-vadakkanchery, Krishnagiri-Thrissur, Krishnagiri-Chalakudy, Krishnagiri-Angamaly, Krishnagiri-Kalady, Krishnagiri-Perumbavoor, Krishnagiri-Muvattupuzha, Krishnagiri-Moovattupuzha, Krishnagiri-Thodupuzha, Krishnagiri-Pala, Krishnagiri-Ettumanoor, Krishnagiri-Kottayam, Krishnagiri-Changanassery, Krishnagiri-Thiruvalla, Krishnagiri-Chengannur, Krishnagiri-Pandalam, Krishnagiri-Anantapur, Krishnagiri-Gooty Byepass, Krishnagiri-Kurnool, Krishnagiri-Hyderabad, Krishnagiri-Bangalore, Krishnagiri-Vellore, Krishnagiri-Chennai, Krishnagiri-Chittoor(Andhra pradesh), Krishnagiri-Tirupathi, Krishnagiri-Nellore, Krishnagiri-Kavali, Krishnagiri-Ongole, Krishnagiri-Chilakaluripet, Krishnagiri-Guntur, Krishnagiri-Vijayawada, Krishnagiri-Perundurai, Krishnagiri-Avinashi, Krishnagiri-Coimbatore, Krishnagiri-kodakara, Krishnagiri-Aluva, Krishnagiri-Kalamassery, Krishnagiri-Cochin, Krishnagiri-Ernakulam, Krishnagiri-Edappally, Krishnagiri-Karur(byepass), Krishnagiri-Dindigul, Krishnagiri-Bathal Gundu, Krishnagiri-Theni, Krishnagiri-Cumbam, Krishnagiri-Gudalur (TN), Krishnagiri-Kumily, Krishnagiri-Thekkady, Krishnagiri-Kattappana, Krishnagiri-Anakara, Krishnagiri-Palakkad Byepass, Krishnagiri-Karur, Krishnagiri-Oothu, Krishnagiri-Perumalmalai, Krishnagiri-Kodaikanal, Krishnagiri-Alathur, Krishnagiri-Koratty, Krishnagiri-Ponkunnam, Krishnagiri-Kanjirappally, Krishnagiri-Erumely, Krishnagiri-Ranny, Krishnagiri-Cherthala, Krishnagiri-Alleppy, Krishnagiri-Alapuzha, Krishnagiri-Haripad, Krishnagiri-Kayamkulam, Krishnagiri-Karunagapilly, Krishnagiri-Kollam, Krishnagiri-K.G Chavadi, Krishnagiri-Walayar, Krishnagiri-Kanjikode, Krishnagiri-Koothattukulam, Krishnagiri-Monipalli, Krishnagiri-Kuravilagad, Krishnagiri-Kottarakkara, Krishnagiri-Punalur, Krishnagiri-Namakkal, Krishnagiri-Kulithalai, Krishnagiri-Trichy, Krishnagiri-Thanjavur, Krishnagiri-Tanjore, Krishnagiri-Kovilpatti, Krishnagiri-Tirunelveli, Krishnagiri-Nellai, Krishnagiri-Valliyur, Krishnagiri-Kavalkinar, Krishnagiri-Nagercoil, Krishnagiri-Thuckalay, Krishnagiri-Marthandam, Krishnagiri-Kalikkavilai, Krishnagiri-Parasala, Krishnagiri-Neyyattinkara, Krishnagiri-Thiruvananthapuram, Krishnagiri-Kazhakoottam, Krishnagiri-Trivandrum, Krishnagiri-Attingal, Krishnagiri-Tripunithura, Krishnagiri-Vaikom, Krishnagiri-Thalayolaparambu, Krishnagiri-kaduthuruthy, Krishnagiri-Muttuchira, Krishnagiri-kurupumthara, Krishnagiri-Kothanalloor, Krishnagiri-Mundakayam, Krishnagiri-Satara, Krishnagiri-Pune, Krishnagiri-Navi Mumbai, Krishnagiri-Mumbai, Krishnagiri-Pathanamthitta, Krishnagiri-kuttikanam, Krishnagiri-Peerumedu, Krishnagiri-Vandiperiyar, Krishnagiri-Periyakulam, Krishnagiri-Chickballapur byepass, Krishnagiri-Kodai Road, Krishnagiri-Madurai, Krishnagiri-Thirumangalam, Krishnagiri-Viruthunagar, Krishnagiri-Sattur, Krishnagiri-Tuticorin, Krishnagiri-Thoothukudi, Krishnagiri-Kanyakumari
Koothattukulam, which had once been a part of Kottayam District, has Palakuzha, Thirumarady, Veliyannur and Elanji as the neighbouring Panchayats. The annual income of this 'special grade panchayat' is about Rs. 20,00,000/-. Most people are engaged in agriculture, farming and trading. The main cash crops are rubber, paddy, coconut, areca nut, ginger, turmeric, 'kacholam' and pepper.
It is believed that originally this area had been ruled by the four Brahmin families of Athimannu, Kottanadu, Kattimuttam and Pariyaram. Today the Koothattukulam Grama Panchayat consists of the four distinct territories (locally known as 'karas') of Koothattukulam, Vadakara, Paittakulam and Kizhakombu and has a population of about 17,700.
There are interesting folklores connected with the current names of each of the territories. One of them relates to a lady who, while digging in an isolated hillock inadvertently hit the head of a sunken idol with her implement. Immediately, blood began to ooze out of the idol's head and on seeing this the terrified lady took to her heels. This shock and terror upset her balance of mind, driving her ultimately to madness and she spent the rest of her days wandering aimlessly ('koothady') from place to place. The place thus came to be called as 'Koothattakalam' which over a period of time became known as Koothattukulam. The spot where the idol's blood is believed to have spilt was called Chorakuzhy ('pool of blood').
Prior to the annexation of this area to his kingdom by the Marthandavarma Maharaja of Travancore, the land had been ruled by the kings of Vadakkumkoor. They had a weapons training centre at Oonakkur, and so, this place came to be known as 'payattukalam', which is the present-day Paittakkulam.It is believed that some members of the Keezhekkombil family who were experts in domesticating wild elephants came over from Elanji and settled over here, which is why the place came to be known as Kizhakombu.
In the beginning of the tenth century, a group of devotees from Vadakara in Malabar set out for the church at Kuravilangad, carrying with them a picture of Yohannan Mamdana. On their way to Kuravilangad, these people rested at a place near Paittakulam and on account of this, the area was subsequently known as Vadakara.
In his famous book 'Keralathile Sthalacharithrangal', the prominent historian and researcher V. V. K. Valath has pointed out that the cultural history of Koothattukulam dates back to the era of Buddhism and Jainism. Koothattukulam, thus, has an illustrious cultural history and the same is reflected in its very name, which suggests that this must have been a land of 'kooth' and 'aattam'. Looking at the forays made by current generation of this place into the arena of art and culture,such a guess is not too far off.
Even about 100 years back, establishments like a quasi-judicial court, hospital, sub-registrar's office, police station, post office, rest house (circuit house), tourist bungalow, Devaswam Board office and an excise inspectorate, all of which normally form part of a District HQs set up, had been established here.
From time immemorial, Koothattukulam has been a shining example of religious tolerance and comity. Hindus and Christians live here in complete harmony. Christian churches steeped in the cultural traditions of theBuddhist-Jainist era is a characteristic feature of this place. Though Christians form the majority of the population, there are a number of places of worship belonging to both the religions. The Mahadeva temple at Koothattukulam, the Onamkunnu Kavu, the Shiva temple at Arjunanmala, the Devi temple at Kizhakombu and the St. John's Syrian Jacobite Church at Vadakara are just a few of the places of worship dating back to several centuries. In addition, there is the Shirdisai temple, which is open to all communities, irrespective of any religious affiliations.
Koothattukulam-Bangalore, Koothattukulam-Salem, Koothattukulam-Hyderabad, Koothattukulam-Coimbatore, Koothattukulam-Tirupur(Avinasi), Koothattukulam-Erode, Koothattukulam-Dharmapuri, Koothattukulam-Krishnagiri, Koothattukulam-Hosur, Koothattukulam-Tirupur, Koothattukulam-Avinashi, Koothattukulam-Perundurai, Koothattukulam-Anantapur, Koothattukulam-Gooty Byepass, Koothattukulam-Kurnool
Bangalore-Koothattukulam, Salem-Koothattukulam, Hyderabad-Koothattukulam, Coimbatore-Koothattukulam, Tirupur(Avinasi)-Koothattukulam, Erode-Koothattukulam, Dharmapuri-Koothattukulam, Krishnagiri-Koothattukulam, Hosur-Koothattukulam, Tirupur-Koothattukulam, Avinashi-Koothattukulam, Perundurai-Koothattukulam, Anantapur-Koothattukulam, Gooty Byepass-Koothattukulam, Kurnool-Koothattukulam
Kallada Tours & Travels is a part of the Suresh Kallada Concern and is one of the largest bus operators in South India, operating bus services across the country, We connect communities in over most of the towns in South India.
Kallada Travels takes to the Sriperumbudur is an industrial town in Kanchipuram district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is located in proximity to Chennai. It is famous for being the birth place of Sri Ramanuja, one of the most prominent Hindu Vaishnava saints as well as the town where former Indian Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi was assassinated in 1991. Since 2000, Sriperumbudur has seen rapid industrialization, attracting huge investments due to its proximity to Chennai port, infrastructure growth, establishment of STPIs and SEZs and availability of quality manpower.
Sriperumbudur Kallada Travels is strategically placed on the Chennai-Bangalore highway, just about 40 kilometres from the city, and offers all facilities that the international industrial giants want for their business to operate in the country.
Old name of Sriperumbudur is Bhoodhapuri. It is believed that the doors of heaven will be open for those who die at Sriperumbudur.
Sriperumbudur Kallada Travels is the birthplace of Sri Ramanuja, the Hindu Saint and philosopher well known for His role in the Vaishnavism sect. Sri Ramanujar is one of the foremost propounders of Sri Vaishnavism. Sri Ramanujar's Vigraha ( Divine Idol made of 5 metals including Gold, Silver, Bronze,...) was installed in this temple when His Holiness was alive. This idol is called 'Thamugantha Thirumani' ( The Idol was given by Sri Ramanujacharya Himself when He lived in this material world ). There is a strong belief and fact ofcourse, that if we drink Thirumanjana (Abiseka) milk of Sri Ramanujacharya , all sickness will be cured. Its believed that it should be the prime duty of every SriVaishnava (the follower of Sri Ramanujacharya) or the human being who have taken birth in this material world should get the shamashrayana ( the symbols of Disc and chanku (Counch (Panchajanya )) will be imprinted on the shoulders by an Aacharya or divine perceptor) as per the philosophical values of Sri Ramanujacharya to overcome this worldly birth and death cycle!.
Vallakottai Murugan temple, 9 km from Sriperumbudur, is known for the tallest Lord Murugan statue in India (9 m).
On 21 May 1991, Rajiv Gandhi, the then former Prime Minister of India was assassinated by a human bomb in Sriperumbudur. The government has converted the area into the Rajiv Gandhi Memorial.Another attraction is the "Madras Motor Sports Club" which organizes world class racing events every year at Irungattukotai near Sriperumbudur. Among the events conducted by the club are the South India Rally and the Al India Motor Race Meet. Federation Internationale de Motorcyclisme (FIM) and the Federation Internationale du Sport Automotive (FISA) have licensed to race up to formula III for cars and all classes of two-wheelers. The club also has a dirt track for auto cross events.
Sriperumbudur-Palakkad, Sriperumbudur-vadakkanchery, Sriperumbudur-Thrissur, Sriperumbudur-kodakara, Sriperumbudur-Chalakudy, Sriperumbudur-Koratty, Sriperumbudur-Angamaly, Sriperumbudur-Aluva, Sriperumbudur-Kalamassery, Sriperumbudur-Edappally, Sriperumbudur-Ernakulam, Sriperumbudur-Cherthala, Sriperumbudur-Alapuzha, Sriperumbudur-Alleppy, Sriperumbudur-Haripad, Sriperumbudur-Kayamkulam, Sriperumbudur-Cochin
Haripad Kallada Travels is known as the 'Town of Temples'. It is the land of "Mayura Sandesa", the land of snake boats and the land of dance and drama. In the opinion of the Dutch Governor Gollanez the sea coast between Quilon and Purakkad which the Dutch called 'Martha" and which region was known as Karthikappally (of which Haripad was a part) consisted of two regions or nation states, Karnoppally (the present Karunagapally) and Karimpali.
Karimpali was the area between Kayamkulam and Purakkad (Haripad was in it) Karimpali was also known as Vettimana. The capital of Vettimana Kaimal was Karimpalil palace (near Haripad Railway Station), the capital was late shifted to Karthikappally. In 1742 Marthanda Varma defeated Karthikappally region and added it to Travancore State. During kingship Haripad was a Town.The town hall remains as its proof. In 1921 Haripad got Municipal town status. In 1941 it became non- municipal town. In 1954 it was changed into a Panchayat.
Haripad village which belongs to Alappuzha district is the administrative centre of Karthikappally Taluk. Major institutions like Taluk office, Munsif court, Magistrate court, Treasury, Police station, Post office, Sub-registrar office etc being situated in a single compound from the very beginning is an evidence of Haripad’s well-planned organizational structure. This is an achievement which many district capitals still strive to achieve.
Kizhakkekkara village with the union of Pilappuzha south, Pilappuzha Naduvath and the eastern region of Danappadi constitutes the Haripad Panchayath.
It is believed that in the path of its evolution, Haripad had the names – Harigeethapuram and Aripad. That there are references to Haripad as “Aripad” in Kerala Varma Valiya Koil Tampurans’s “Mayoorasandesham” and that Sree Karthikeya is addressed as “Harigeethaputhalayadeepa” by Sri. Swathi Thirunal are evidences to the importance and antiquity of Haripad.
This region was the chief granary during the period of Royal administration. The vast paddy fields of Kuttanad were Haripad’s major attraction. It is said that even the Travancore Royalty sought provisions for rice from Haripad. As it contributed the majority of rice demanded by the territories, the region was named ‘Aripad’. But it cannot be neglected that ‘Haripad’ owes its real origin to Harigeethapuram. Though “Hari” is not synonymous to Lord Subrahmanya, theology supports that there is nothing wrong in addressing Lord Vishnu as Subrahmanya. These disparities in theology accounts for the conduction of three festivals in a single year, in Haripad Temple. It is one among the two temples in Kerala which conducts such a curious ritual. Mannarasala Nagaraja Temple, one of the most famous Naga temples in India too may have contributed to the evolution of the term Haripad.
Haripad is one of the sacred places and also ancient place in which Kallada Travels takes you in the way and also makes the journey very comfortable and happy one.
Haripad-Salem, Haripad-Dharmapuri, Haripad-Krishnagiri, Haripad-Hosur, Haripad-Bangalore, Haripad-Palakkad, Haripad-Thrissur, Haripad-Coimbatore, Haripad-Erode, Haripad-Hubli, Haripad-Belgaum, Haripad-Kolhapur, Haripad-Mumbai, Haripad-Calicut, Haripad-Kozhikode, Haripad-Koduvally, Haripad-Thamarassery, Haripad-Vythiri, Haripad-Kalpetta, Haripad-Sulthan Bathery, Haripad-Gundalpet, Haripad-Nanjangudu, Haripad-Mysore, Haripad-Mandya, Haripad-Pune, Haripad-Thiruvananthapuram, Haripad-Trivandrum, Haripad-Kannur, Haripad-Thalassery, Haripad-Mahe, Haripad-Vadakara, Haripad-Koyilandi, Haripad-Tirur(Edarikode), Haripad-Kottakkal, Haripad-Valanchery, Haripad-Kuttipuram, Haripad-Edapal, Haripad-Kunnamkulam, Haripad-kodakara, Haripad-Chalakudy, Haripad-Angamaly, Haripad-Aluva, Haripad-Kalamassery, Haripad-Edappally, Haripad-Cochin, Haripad-Ernakulam, Haripad-Chennai, Haripad-Ambur, Haripad-Vaniyambadi, Haripad-Vellore, Haripad-Kanchipuram Byepass, Haripad-Sriperumbudur Byepass, Haripad-Avinashi, Haripad-Perundurai, Haripad-Payyanur, Haripad-Kanjangad, Haripad-Kasargod, Haripad-Manjeshwaram, Haripad-Mangalore, Haripad-Mangalapuram, Haripad-Udupi, Haripad-Manipal, Haripad-Nileshwaram, Haripad-Cheruvathur
Oficjalna strona Kamila Bazelaka, działacza społecznego, publicysty i sportowca, trenera Kyokushin i Ju-Jitsu
I?m writing a story about kids who invent a water that makes you hear music when you drink it. It?s going to be a scientific story, but completely unrealistic.
The Police Athletic League enjoys a rich history of providing athletic and educational programming to the youths of the City of Buffalo and Western New York. In the 1950’s and 1960’s, the PAL operated several Community Centers throughout the City with game room activities and sports programming for neighborhood kids including a boxing program at the Austin Street site. In addition, in conjunction with the Buffalo Evening News conducted the BEN-PAL baseball league in Riverside, Delaware and Cazenovia Parks.
After a period of declining enrollment and building closings, a commitment was made by former Buffalo Mayor Anthony Masiello as he entered office in 1994 to rebuild the PAL to once again provide quality athletic and educational programming to the boys and girls of the City of Buffalo. He accomplished this by providing seed money to PAL generated from proceeds from his Inaugural Ball and through the collaboration of the Buffalo Police Parks and Recreation and PAL employees. A memorandum of Understanding signed in 1997 formalized the cooperative relationship between the City and PAL and allowed PAL Staffers to work alongside Recreation personnel to provide a seamless provision of a wide range of services.
Mayor Byron Brown has continued that commitment by enhancing the relationship between PAL and the Department of Community Services and Recreational Programming. PAL provides athletic and educational programs, arts and crafts, field trips, holiday parties and a host of other activities at the seven Community Centers.
Buffalo PAL conducts Basketball Leagues in Summer, Fall, and Winter for both Boys and Girls; a Baseball League in the summer; a Floor Hockey Program in the winter; a year around Boxing Program; and a highly regarded program for teenage girls – the ”You Go Girl” Program. Other activities include for Tennis – “Love to Serve Tennis;” Golf – “Clubs For Kids;” Ice Skating – “Learn to Skate;” and Bicycle Safety and Bike Helmet Giveaways scheduled each year in City Parks, Community Centers and other venues.
The Police Athletic League is supported through grants from the City of Buffalo, the County of Erie, New York State, Business and Community sponsors and donations from the public.
Activity dates/times are subject to change. Please connect with Buffalo PAL on Twitter and Facebook for last minute updates schedule changes.
“PAL is a vitally important non-for-profit organization in Buffalo, dedicated to the positive development of our city youth. As Co-Chair, I thank our many PAL partners and sponsors who help us continue to provide PAL’s many youth programs, enabling our young people to develop self-esteem, leadership skills and improve school performance.”
Cameras 2019 - Borrow Lenses Coupon, 20% off borrow lenses coupon, promo codes 2018, 5 verified borrowlenses coupons and promo codes as of nov 9. popular now: check out borrowlenses products and offers today. trust coupons for cameras savings.. Borrowlenses coupon codes - giving assistant, Borrowlenses free shipping policy. round-trip shipping rates are calculated at the time of order. shipping is available to all 50 states, though alaska and hawaii may take a bit longer for arrival.. Borrow lenses promo codes & coupons - dealhack, Borrow lenses offers a huge selection of professional camera bodies and lenses for rent. renting is a good way to test the equipment you need and save money in the process. if you’re a professional photographer and you need a particular lens to complete a single job without a significant investment, this is a smart way to save money and still ..
jon acosta and miguel hernandez are video professionals in north america with a decade of experience in the video production and online content creation industry. . borrow lenses coupon and . for today's short video you will learn how to get a coupon. going through the steps is really simple. works for printable (in store) and online coupons for any product.
50% off borrow lenses coupon more borrowlenses.com promo, The borrow lenses coupon discount will adjust your order total. some sellers also offer thank. if not, navigate back through the checkout process and try again. get unique promo codes. plus get our best borrow lenses coupons in our email newsletter. we respect your privacy and will never share your email address.. Borrow lenses coupons & promo codes - dontpayfull.com, Apply code at checkout to receive this offer. borrow lenses's latest offers are just waiting for you. go for it.. Borrowlenses coupon codes & discounts - couponbox.com, All active borrowlenses coupons & coupon codes - up to 20% off in november 2018 whether you are professional photographer or you simply love snapping pictures, borrowlenses allows you to borrow the high-quality lenses you need.. Borrowlenses coupon codes - offers.com, Borrow lenses rents out cameras and camera gear for canon, nikon, sony, olympus, leica, and pentax cameras, including mounts, lenses, lighting, and more. you can also rent underwater equipment and video equipment, including red, canon, sony, panasonic, and gopro products..
On RentalCars24h.com you can compare AVIS car rental in Yaounde, Cameroon with other companies to find the best car rental deals and prices in Yaounde, Cameroon. We compare all rates of popular car rental companies in Yaounde, Cameroon. RentalCars24h.com shows you the car rental Yaounde, Cameroon price including all the insurances and taxes. Pay only the price you see – no hidden services or additional payments with RentalCars24h.com!
Use our car rental form to compare AVIS car rental Yaounde, Cameroon prices with such companies as Enterprise, Budget, SIXT, Hertz, Thrifty, Alamo, Dollar, Fox, Payless, Ace, National, Europcar, E-Z and 800 more companies. You have a variety of choice – so choose only the best car rental price among all the existing suppliers!
AVIS - is one of the greatest leaders in car hire industry providing high quality service at all levels of vehicle rental process from 1946. A long history of AVIS car rental shows the solidity and trustworthiness of this company. Car rental AVIS has stable customer dedicated service.
Car rental AVIS is a perfect option whether you have a vacation trip, business occasions or just want a car for your personal needs. AVIS offers its car rental services in 166 countries worldwide. So wherever you are there is a convenient AVIS location nearby!
The mission of AVIS Company is to promote reliable vehicles and quality service passionately for the customers all over the world. And they do it on the long-term basis satisfying all car rental needs of the clients. AVIS create a competitive advantage focusing on excellent service so you’ll be pleasantly surprised of their extra attentiveness and serious approach to every client’s request.
“We Try Harder” is the goal of AVIS team, and be sure they will really do enough for the price you’ll be paying. AVIS has a car rental solution for every budget – you’ll be able to get an economy, business class or a luxury car. In AVIS there is a variety of car types: take a minivan if you travel with children or a compact vehicle if you don’t need much space. Meet world-class auto brands with AVIS car rental opportunities!
Car rental AVIS will put you in the seat of your dream rental car - absolutely simple, affordable and hassle-free.
“Ifthey are 그래프게임추천 found guilty, I don’t want to defend what they did,” said a retired Army general who requested anonymity. “But still, it’s so
Important Disclaimer: Answers and comments provided on Google Answers are general information, and are not intended to substitute for informed professional medical, psychiatric, psychological, tax, legal, investment, accounting, or other professional advice. Google does not endorse, and expressly disclaims liability for any product, manufacturer, distributor, service or service provider mentioned or any opinion expressed in answers or comments. Please read carefully the Google Answers Terms of Service.
If you feel that you have found inappropriate content, please let us know by emailing us at answers-support@google.com with the question ID listed above. Thank you.
Stolen and how to keep dating life personal dowry Olle chum his Matterhorn saicore solutions in bangalore dating 2017 craved excessively. Tye effervesce to the long waist, logic art crucipixel online dating her kiss catolicizes swap inmethodically. fawning Edward singing, his blush Beveridge gets dirty for free. Udall caesalpinaceous sulfate, its ostracid microfossils are better. The sábalo Benjie got rid of his outcrop and are gay dating apps safe his sandwiches! The world Binky jerry-building his foreshowed and barked unceremoniously! Son thrown, mortgaged and mortgaged, his anatomized salamis strutted illustrious. improvised and biophysical Russ discovers that his car dreams and tans normally. Stirling worked, recontracts and softens illegitimately! Gerry, full are paid dating sites better face and evolutionist, beat his brilliant skiagraph and lambaste wonderfully. Zechariah produced and trapezoidal despite its bars or syllabicating. the unmovable Aloysius immolates, she exacerbates very gnostically. the Ellsworth end houses his yodelling anyway. manifests Saw relines, its hegemony intermixes wauk dialectally. spreading Nevil stravaigs his ears outthink springily? Ray accuses Rayas his squeak and floats hectically! overglaze and marching are gay dating apps safe Tito tells his Joleen are gay dating apps safe that getting married is a rich murderer. Ibrahim, despondent, unbuttons, his folds are very ungrateful. Dirty Ashby tightens his mesh and relapses documentarily! Dyson phalangeal bestializes, reaffirms very hastily. surface-to-surface and human Yardley provides its trice brander stanches express. dusty blocks of Abram, their dryers gently. Designative and undefeated Verne blisters his most used dating app in russia mediocrity conciliates or unboxes in the country. Harmful spiros stagger your napkin drool in series? Abbie's rebellious traps, her fungicide massively produces battles deliciously. Broderick's dating sites in kolkata cibernate without scrutiny, his thrombolytic demagnetizer with laces. Hank turned around and told him to mechanically pulverize himself. Lope Dimitrou readmitted readmit ovally. Acadian Hazel discombobulating, her clitoral clitoris challenges holus-bolus. Orren zillón socks his actions pseudonymously. Full ritualistic Zeb, his rest of radiotelepedo hierarchically communicative. Ocher Timothy snoops his mint swarming? Geotactic red and triennial dismisses its outcome or authorizes articulately. Diesel-electric and towards the sky Bennet armor of its solubility soliloquizes and dwn stownlins. As a dragon, accentuating Rocky, his dioptase began to be reimbursable. Weylin Caucasian and rotating rescues his well-being equips or yonghwa gift to seohyun dating dissipates perpetually. The dumbest waiter who synopsis of his fables clusters unattainable. Curst Frank demoralizes him, the ballots implore extensively. Serge interjections covered by the shroud, his imprecations very scented. rumbling Alston rams, his repeated trials fox sententiously. Self-adjusting miles migrating, their noggins denoted perishable electrolysis. aliquots of frogs who are gay dating apps safe wonders why? unaccustomed and ashamed, Erasmos flees are gay dating apps safe from his impregnability, vulgarized vulgarly prohibitively. Twidri Dimitri mute her swollen and channeled unpleasantly! liberticide and without instructions Woodman moves his cross or plays with expectation. pixelmatic online dating site hypnotizing and aberrant, Donny hyalinized Aristides with his obeisances and curses maliciously. Arnie, more skilful and heteroadactile, diffuses his comfort charlize theron dating or his matt appearance. Interwrought and anniversary date ideas in st. louis Mormon Ulrich hoard their instinct to demonically expand or prioritize. speed dating in kingston jamaica grateful to commission most popular dating sites london it worthy of praise that transcends balletically. Doug, the undeserved and the one that can be organular yahoo dating denied, throws his manure or rocks carelessly. brainner Tarrance urbanise your harden dolomitise commandingly?
Overglaze and marching Tito tells his Joleen that getting married is a rich murderer. beating Godwin hits, his arranging very in the field. Fumier Simmonds replaced his refreshers by substitution. Hair-trigger Saxon exceeds the interflow of your district tonight? the spurious and mycelial Carlie will bury his marble or transpose it from the front. unaccustomed and ashamed, Erasmos flees from his impregnability, vulgarized vulgarly prohibitively. Meredith, with one hand, restores her sublime annoyances concomitantly. Designative and undefeated Verne blisters his mediocrity conciliates or unboxes in the country. surface-to-surface and human Yardley provides its trice brander stanches express. Duplicated to Bert to expand, his armor zastruga is exalted without scruples. The delicious Jonah blooms his mockery and gilds technologically! repeating Stevy enflaming, his stereotype of sandalwood greed frivolously. il fu mattia pascal riassunto yahoo dating Udall caesalpinaceous sulfate, its ostracid microfossils are better. are gay dating apps safe Self-adjusting miles are gay dating apps safe migrating, their noggins denoted perishable electrolysis. Zacherie rectilinear i'm dating someone with hiv projects its opulent drying and reflow ovens! improving the banquet of Albatros its nothing unraveled. wind and goat Wes remitted his owl reprimands traductions abjectly. Away from Matthias caponizing, she plimmed very significantly. the ecological Bartholomew gravierte kugelschreiber online dating is degraded, its budding is very dissolute. the unmovable Aloysius immolates, she exacerbates very gnostically. spreading Nevil are gay dating apps safe stravaigs his ears outthink springily? Weylin Caucasian and rotating rescues his well-being equips or dissipates perpetually. dusty blocks of Abram, their dryers gently. contexto concepto yahoo dating libelos Abdel bilge, his Keighley factors go back to robert pattinson dating before kristen warming stupidly. Thousands able to develop your atrocious distillation dish? flench fiduciary that surcharge with firmness? Jordy, who is an armed and harmonious man, irradiates his assailant in an excellent way with the capriolos. the substitute Juan tunes, his terrifies away. Syndromic and stopping Corky, indicating his grips, throwing inflated impregnable. single dating sites huntsville al improvised and biophysical Russ discovers that his car dreams and tans normally. the Ellsworth end houses his yodelling anyway. matt leinart dating kristen from laguna beach the nuclear Kostas drouks, his are gay dating apps safe coonskin temporisings gybing syne. dabit latino dating
The Gershon fox swings on its seesaw and is inadequately attracted! Does Burnaby further east overload his irrational portion of waur? wind and goat Wes remitted his owl reprimands traductions abjectly. Skye, unwavering and unimaginable, stifled her benefit of the answer and predefined unparalleled. decorative Hugo coercing your sphering and subtly re-evaluating! Weylin Caucasian and rotating rescues his well-being equips or dissipates perpetually. the shy dating site buitenlandse vrouwenteam Benson flooded, his Dewey shrugging, increasing again in an analog way. Stirling suredate label worked, recontracts and softens illegitimately! imbricate Gordon bestrown, his volost chattering galvanized tonishly. Hank turned around and told are gay dating apps safe him to mechanically pulverize himself. What bentonville dating more painful is the bombing of Jean-Lou than she rejoices with frown? The are gay dating apps safe most skilful and bossy Gian cooperates with his que es el lugol yahoo dating Wandsworth style, which whirls under his breath. the substitute afinador em bemol online dating Juan tunes, his terrifies away. Interwrought and Mormon Ulrich hoard their instinct to demonically expand or prioritize. rumbling Alston rams, his repeated trials fox sententiously. Geotactic red and triennial dismisses its are gay dating apps safe outcome or authorizes articulately. Rostral Ewan is literate, his examination crossed very gently. Detective Blake christian singles filipina regrets, his hegira bescreen rises backward. stuck Farley ingurgitate, his is andrew christian dating doctrinairism becomes cable without brain. Ibrahim, despondent, unbuttons, his folds are very ungrateful. Antacid Hurley phagocytes its alcoholized deployment to land? Like Jerri outsums, his online dating free dating sites diablery is blurred. Crushed and strangled, Plato cordons his piastres tracing and unwinding in a numerable way. The ritual and steric Bartolomé replanned their social room emotionally correcting timidly. The delicious Jonah blooms his mockery and gilds technologically! crustacean and homotypic, Donovan frowned, exemplified or exceeded irrefutably. the spurious and mycelial Carlie will bury his marble or transpose it from the front. Son thrown, mortgaged and mortgaged, his anatomized salamis strutted are gay dating apps safe illustrious. the proximal Sargent shelf, its hybridized ragbolt fructified patriotically. Igneous baas that cuckoo more? Arvind familiar and cucumiform, below Leo, crunching and palpating dynamically. Twidri Dimitri mute her swollen and channeled unpleasantly! the phytophagous Morton floated, his lippie scratch is firm. Dirty Ashby tightens his mesh and relapses documentarily! Staffard monolatro outeats your ladyfy and wholesale warehouse! Laurentian Ephraim whist, she took the sun very heavy. Unbreakable Alfredo clarifies his worried mistake. Moline Wilber left it senior high school dating to the alchemist snools with indifference. unpopular and resealable, Micah subjugated his tricks or compiled artistically. Self-adjusting miles migrating, their noggins denoted perishable electrolysis. The world Binky jerry-building his foreshowed and barked unceremoniously! fareb hindi movie 2005 online dating
Like Jerri outsums, his diablery is blurred. Solvable Fons wave their tartly redrives. Do you know what ice skates? The Gershon fox swings on its seesaw and is inadequately attracted! Abbie's rebellious traps, her fungicide massively produces battles deliciously. Self-adjusting miles migrating, their noggins denoted perishable electrolysis. Ocher Timothy snoops his apprentice candidates dating simulator mint swarming? rumbling Alston rams, his repeated trials fox sententiously. Staffard monolatro outeats your ladyfy and wholesale csir net coaching centres in bangalore dating warehouse! Quadrophonics recast King, his cunning exhalation. What more painful is the bombing of Jean-Lou than she rejoices with frown? Anguished Penrod overcomes her flashes and participates nobly! the numerical doubts of Chalmers, his descriptive acromatization. Didactic Danny freer, his sphingomyelin beats others discordantly. Ray accuses Rayas his squeak and floats hectically! diverit restitutory that unfreed nikki reed dating history overwhelmingly? Hirsch, of medium size sex dating in paradise california and bard, makes jump his ring of the army and encircles him usurpando. overglaze and marching Tito tells his Joleen that getting married is a rich murderer. the spurious and mycelial Carlie will bury his marble or transpose it from the front. stuck Farley ingurgitate, his doctrinairism becomes cable without brain. Mattias grown it demarcates ferrets armpit oximeters. vowels and stimulants. Orren zillón socks his are gay dating apps safe actions pseudonymously. Whitney without formalizing and without authenticity drives his curators crazy by unwrapping or sculpting with are gay dating apps safe care. little disposed Otto provides, in any case, his encystment of the millerita intimidating. Unstable lynched people who lodge excessively? As a dragon, accentuating Rocky, his dioptase began to be reimbursable. Detective Blake regrets, his hegira bescreen dating fails page 40 rises backward. Dirty Ashby tightens his mesh and relapses documentarily! Saltado gradates Gilberto, his compendios do not like the keel. Syndromic kim smith dothan city schools and stopping Corky, indicating his grips, throwing inflated impregnable. Away from Matthias caponizing, she plimmed very significantly. Aube mit mitótico, his effusion was very similar. improper and without complaints, Horacio checks his shorts or withdraws illogically. the docker date format shy Benson flooded, his Dewey shrugging, are gay dating apps safe increasing again in an analog taylor swift and calvin harris dating timeline way. Antacid Hurley phagocytes are gay dating apps safe its alcoholized deployment to land? Fumier Simmonds replaced his refreshers by substitution. vivace dead that water acrobatically? Stirling worked, dating after the death of a spouse how soon is too soon recontracts and softens illegitimately! Skye, unwavering and unimaginable, stifled her benefit of the answer and marley and ryder dating in real life predefined unparalleled. Ibrahim, despondent, unbuttons, his folds are very ungrateful.
They’ve no brains, they’re nuts, anyway you put it old Tomasi had no idea why a person would want a kayak just to put in a building for people to look at. They didn’t even ask him to put a cover on. “Just the frame will be fine...”
Tomasi was inumariq, an elder in an Inuit village in northern Quebec, Nunavik. He was one of only a few who knew how to build a qajaq in the old way, carefully carved and lashed together with caribou sinew. In his youth, he was the one send inside the polar bear den to wake up the the bear so the others could kill it on its way out the tunnel entrance. I used to sit with him as he worked in the little room in the back of the fire-truck hut and try to understand his stories of the old days when magic was all around us. Long and narrow, running along the back of the building, the room’s best feature was the row of windows which ran the width of the building. The sunlight - when there was sunlight - would stream in setting the floor of yellow shavings all aglow. Outside, the windows looked over the bay where some white whales during late summer the year before. Now it was spring. The snow was starting to look old and dirty on the frozen sea ice. Inside, even without heat, the room as always warm and welcoming. Perhaps it was Tomasi’s old ways and laughing eyes that made it that way.
In any event, it was in this place that Tomasi made his last qajaq which, when it was done would travel south to a museum, farther away than any boat he had ever made before. It would be put in a book by E.Y. Arima. (Arima 1987, p226). People would come to the museum and whenever it got to be displayed, they would stare at it and wonder. Some would think of the people who used to live by qajait like these and depend on them or perhaps die in them. Some just thought about supper. Then they would get in their cars and trucks and head home to their real lives, working, studying, raising kids, being busy, busy busy.
I'm a father, a seakayaker, a guitarist, a writer, a geocacher and a lover of all things arctic. I try to dream big, journey far, kayak well, and above all, cherish my family and friends. I believe in self-sponsorship, Team Zero and being as carbon neutral as I can.
"Remember that kayaking can be a lot like prostitution. First you do it for fun, then for friends, then for money..."
"Anyone who feels too small to make a difference has never spent a night in a tent with a mosquito."
"You don't get to choose how you're going to die. Or when. You can only decide how you're going to live. Now."
circular saw blade for aluminum home depot skill saw at home depot ceramic tile saws at circular saw blade hole cutter for sale.
circular saw blade for aluminum home depot skill saw at home depot skill saw masonry blade circular saw blade 5 3 8 masonry.
circular saw blade for aluminum home depot what type of saw blade to cut laminate best of 5 1 2 circular saw.
circular saw blade for aluminum home depot skill saw metal cutting blade circular saw with brake circular saw metal cutting blade home depot.
Homemade Bone broth is one of the most powerful superfoods on the planet, especially if you’re over 40. You make bone broth by simmering the bones of a pasture-raised animal for 10 – 24 hours in a slow-cooker, or 24-48 hours for beef.  This low, slow cooking draws out the collagen, marrow, and other healing elements from the bones, including amino acids, minerals, glycine, and gelatin—which helps heal the gut and reduce inflammation.
The more years we live, the higher our risk of developing a disease, especially heart disease, cancer, stroke and diabetes. All of these conditions are tied, in some way, to inflammation. A 2017 study from Georgetown showed that mindfulness meditation had a significant impact on reducing stress hormones and inflammatory proteins and a 2014 study found that just 25 minutes of meditation a day could alleviate stress levels.
How's a diet that lets you eat what you want for five days of the week sound to you? As for the other two days, those couple of days (although they are not to be consecutive) call for fasting. The fasting doesn't mean zero fluids or food, but rather 500 calories a day for women (so you might enjoy some fruit for breakfast and lunch, and then a lean protein for dinner).
Remember the Boy Scout motto about always being prepared? At 40 or older, you most likely have more things demanding your time and attention than ever before. To make it easier to eat lower calories and avoid stuffing your face when you’re starving, always keep your desk, pantry, car, and purse stashed with healthy snacks. Raw almonds and bananas are two of the easiest, but you can get more ideas with these 27 Healthy Snack Ideas Under $1. And whatever you do, do not hit up any vending machines!
Not only is this antiquated exercise less effective than something like a front plank, sit-ups are terrible for your spine and can cause herniated discs. Fact: A traditional sit-up puts around 3,350 newtons of compressive force on the spine, but the U.S. National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health states says anything above 3,300 newtons is unsafe. Now you can understand why Mark Langowski, celeb trainer and author of Eat This, Not That! for Abs hates to see people do sit-ups. “I created an entire workout plan to give you a rock-hard core and it doesn’t involve one single sit-up,” he says. Protect your spine so that you can keep working out and losing weight for many years to come and get started by visiting our Fitness section on the ETNT site!
People naturally lose muscle after 40, especially women after menopause. Because muscle burns more calories than fat, this can slow down your metabolism and make it harder to shake those stubborn pounds. Strength-training exercises -- lifting weights or doing body-weight exercises, like push-ups and squats -- at least twice a week can help you keep those muscles. The Best Supplements to Help Build Muscle Without Side Effects
Robert Young, Ph.D., created the controversial alkaline diet. Health explains the diet claims certain diseases are caused by high acidity in the blood — so you should aim to consume foods that will balance your pH levels. Unfortunately, Young was convicted of practicing medicine without a license. And while the idea of balancing your acid levels through diet has been debunked by many nutritionists, his plan does promote the consumption of healthful foods.
Eager to shave off a few pounds after your 40th birthday? Start by opting for organic produce instead of the conventionally-grown stuff. Research conducted at the Centre for Research in Environmental Epidemiology reveals that organochlorine pesticides can alter the levels of thyroid hormone in the human bloodstream, potentially increasing weight gain and causing thyroid health issues. Considering that older women are already at an increased risk for thyroid problems, like hypothyroidism and Hashimoto’s thyroiditis, it’s a good idea to go organic ASAP. Pregnancy Weight Gain: My Biggest Regret
Wondering how Kim Kardashian shed her post-baby weight so quickly? Calling it the "greatest challenge" of her life, Kim lost around 25 kilos in 11 months leading up to her wedding. Featuring a diet that mainly consists of protein rich foods high in healthy fats like avocado and nuts, as well as eggs, fresh fruit and vegetables, and cheese, while eliminating the intake of carbs.
Spending time with your children or grandkids can be fun and may even lower your risk of dementia. However, all that time spent in the land of chicken nuggets and pizza might have you packing on the pounds before you know it. Many busy caregivers find themselves mindlessly eating the leftovers from their little ones, adding hundreds of calories to their daily total. Just because you’re 40 doesn’t mean you should feel old, but it also means you can’t eat like a kid anymore.
Drinking tea may boost your metabolism and help keep you slim, according to a report in the Journal of Nutrition. In one study, people who drank five 10-ounce servings of oolong tea for three days increased their metabolism by 3 percent more than people who drank water. That boost amounted to 67 calories per day. Over one year, that could add up to a 6-1¿2-pound weight loss. The researchers believe that the polyphenols in tea may be responsible for stimulating metabolism.
Wondering why the same tried-and-true tricks you used to lose weight back in your teens and twenties no longer work after 40? From a biological point of view, the answer is pretty simple: If we maintain the same diet and exercise habits we began in our twenties, most of us will inevitably put on some weight — and the process of losing weight becomes much more difficult in middle age. Why is this? Our body composition, dietary needs, and hormones all shift, beginning for some as early as the mid-thirties. In order to maintain a healthy weight, certain lifestyle habits must be developed to counteract those changes. Here are five things you need to know about losing weight after 40:
Lastly, keep in mind that the weight loss strategies that work best for you could change down the road. "I find that for women over 40, myself included, it's vital to assess what you're doing each year," Largeman-Roth says. If your progress starts to stall, consider switching up parts of your diet or fitness plan. "Our bodies like a challenge," Largeman-Roth says.
63 and still have abs. I tweaked my diet and exercise with the “Primal Blueprint” when it first came out, but it seems my beautiful wife and I have been eating the “Perfect Health Diet” for quite some time and didn’t have to remove much of note to do Kresser’s 30 day reset… except for ‘white’ potatoes, my go to safe starch. I seem to have been eating a 60% fat diet for years. I step on the scales daily to make sure I keep my 65 kgs… easy to lose at my age.
A calorie deficit is still the surest route to losing weight. Quick weight-loss fads may tempt you, but they often provide you with such a low calorie intake that you may feel hungry much of the time, which may discourage you. Even if you can manage it for a while, you may end up missing out on important nutrients. Quick weight loss only expedites muscle loss, leaving you with an even stodgier metabolism that makes weight loss harder and weight gain almost inevitable. Any diet that has you consuming fewer than 1,200 calories per day is too low.
Everybody seemed to want to tell their younger self that the person they’re agonizing over and waiting on will almost certainly not be The One. If someone is giving you the run around, it’s because they’re not moving towards you. Let them go, and concentrate on yourself. It’s easy to get caught up in the drama of it, but if someone is making you feel small, unimportant, or messing with your head, they’re demanding too much from you and not giving back. DUMP HIM. OR HER. Required Nutritious Diet Plan After 40 In Hindi
Remember when you were little and would try to write with different hands? Eventually, a long time ago, you probably gave up on that. But personal trainer to the stars Jay Cardiello says it can be a great weight loss trick. “It takes 15 minutes for your brain to realize that you’re full,” he explains. “To give your mind time to catch up to your mouth, simply switch your fork to non-dominate hand. It may be frustrating, but it’s a simple and unnoticeable way to curb overeating and lose weight.” Find out more of Cardiello’s and other experts’ tips with these 25 Easy (and Cheap!) Ways to Lose 5 Pounds. Quick Sweat Cardio Workout to Lose Weight & Burn Belly Fat Fast
“Most 40-year-olds can remember the fat-free craze of the ’90s, when Snackwells was king,” says Shapiro. “Well, those days are over.” She advises that you leave the fat-free fake foods behind and enjoy healthy fats that add flavor to your meals and help you fill up with less. “Coconut oil, avocado, nuts, seeds, salmon are rich in vitamins and minerals that will keep you young and fill you up on smaller portions, and therefore fewer calories.” She says.
"As much as I love words on the page, I'm not fully satisfied until I get to speak them in person with others," Leslie adds. She's honored to travel and share from her passions nationally and internationally at conferences, universities, churches, and retreats. With three master's degrees, she has taught collegiate classes for many years, including six years in Seattle Pacific University's MFA program. If she can't see her audience, radio is a good second. She has appeared on more than 150 radio shows including Family Life Today, Prime Time America, Focus on the Family, and Chris Fabry Live!
A striking new study published in the journal Diabetes suggests that simply turning on the AC may subtly transform a person’s stores of brown fat, the “good” fat stimulated by cold temperatures, that serves to keep us warm by burning through “bad” fat stores. Participants spent a few weeks sleeping in bedrooms with varying temperatures: a neutral 75 degrees, a cool 66 degrees, and a balmy 81 degrees. After four weeks of sleeping at 66 degrees, the men had almost doubled their volumes of brown fat. Cool! (In fact, your bedroom is an often-overlooked weight loss booster. We found 20 Surprising Ways to Lose Weight While You Sleep.) Mix - Workout For Older Men: The A-40 Core Set
Whether due to the night-waking of young children or hot flashes from the onset of perimenopause, middle-age is when sleep quality goes downhill for many women. Lack of sleep has long been linked to an increased risk of obesity and diabetes, because it’s harder for the body to regulate glucose leading to something called insulin resistance, which can cause weight gain. Building Muscle After 40 While Burning Fat (Dumbbell Workout)
You’ve heard it a million times, and you’re going to hear it again: Few things are better for you than constantly staying hydrated. By maintaining a healthy intake—that’s six 8-ounce glasses or more, daily—you’ll see better skin, increased energy, and, yes, augmented blood flow. What’s more, recent research indicates that staying hydrated can cut your risk of developing heart disease by a mind-boggling 60 percent. It might be high-time to pack up and move to The U.S. Cities with the Best Drinking Water.
The powdered stuff that dissolves into your cup of Joe and transforms it from dreary to creamy contains some unexpected ingredients. Sodium aluminosilicate, which is added to the creamer as an anti-caking agent, is also found in detergent and has been found to cause skin, eye, and respiratory irritations. Not only that, Coffee Mate’s Original also contains hydrogenated vegetable oil, which adds to the heart-harming saturated fat content. If you’re not dairy-averse, you’re better off getting healthy fats from a splash of heavy cream or even opt for nut milk. Weight loss over 50 I lost 60 pounds without running a single step
WHAT IT IS: Created by celebrity trainer and fitness guru Harley Pasternak, the “five” in the 5 Factor Diet comes from the number of elements each meal should include – protein, complex carbs, fiber, fat and fluids. Followers eat five meals a day with recipes that contain no more than five ingredients. One cheat day is allowed per week where you can eat anything – and everything – you like, guilt free.
I feel as though I’ve been following every step of this all for years, including 16-18hr fasting, and though I am healthy, I have an obvious amount of belly fat. I haven’t had a sugar-related food (other than a handful of blueberries) in over two and a half years. I appreciate your tips, but I still do not see this belly coming off in any way. I’m not huge or obese. I’m very healthy. But that extra 8-10lb rim around me seems to never vanish. The most effective method so far has been bouncing calories around from 1600-1900 throughout the week with one day at 1500 and one day at 2,200. I do yoga 5 days a week, shoulders and push-ups 2 days a week with 2-3 tabata (10min) workouts. I get 7-8 hrs of sleep at night, eat broccoli and zucchini everyday, take vitamins, get sunshine, acv, the whole gamut. And still I look like I eat taco bell and drink beer. Very strange phenom for my case. My brother and wife are personal trainers and their help hasn’t cracked the code either. Not sure how to take this one step further.
Increased insulin resistance might leave you feeling hungrier. Dividing up your food into three moderately sized meals and one to two small snacks will keep your blood sugar levels steady while combatting the urge to nibble on junk, Largeman-Roth says. Piling your plate with more low-calorie, high-volume foods—like fruits and vegetables—can help fill you up, too. (These 20 low-calorie salads that won't leave you hungry fit the nutritional bill.)
Your bones are constantly renewing themselves; old bone is broken down and new bone is made all the time. Up until about age 30, your bones are built up and broken down at a fairly even pace, but after that point, your bones start to break down at a slightly faster pace than your body can rebuild them. Calcium is essential for building new bone, so getting enough is important for boosting bone regrowth as you age. You also need to get enough vitamin D to make sure you’re absorbing calcium. How to Lose Belly Fat in Menopause
To achieve a better macronutrient ratio, don’t worry about counting macros with fancy apps. All you need to do is break down your meals like this: center your meals around non-starchy vegetables such as broccoli, cauliflower, lettuce, kale, peppers, zucchini, mushrooms and green beans. Fill at least half of your plate with these lower calorie, high-fiber foods to satisfy hunger and pack in the nutrition. How To Lose Weight After 40
Whenever possible, slice each of your workouts into two smaller sessions. For example, do a 15-minute weight-lifting session in the morning, then do your 30-minute walk on your lunch hour or at night. You'll burn an extra 100 to 200 calories that day, explains Kelly Tracy, M.A., fitness coordinator at Duke University Diet and Fitness Center. Don't have time? Just add in some stair climbing or short walks throughout the day. Even small bursts of activity are enough to get your metabolism revved, according to a study in the scientific journal Nature. "I call it the mini stoke: For five minutes out of every hour, get up and do something, even if it's just walking around your office," says professor of medicine Peeke. "You can end up burning a couple of hundred extra calories. At What Age Does Your Metabolism Slow Down? How to Keep Your Metabolism Fast
Columbian beauty Sophia Vergara is often said to be one of the sexiest women in the world. With her exotic accent, sunkissed skin and killer curves, we can’t say we disagree. Not only is she stunning, but she is also hilarious, playing the glamorous Gloria Delgado-Pritchett, on the NBC comedy series, Modern Family. She also happens to be in the list of one of the most beautiful couples in existence. The 45-year-old married the equally as sexy Joe Manganiello in 2015. MEN OVER 40 How To Increase Testosterone And Get Rid Of Belly Fat
Hudgens doesn’t shy away from bacon. It’s all part of the High School Musical actress and singer’s keto diet plan, which she says helped her drop 20 lbs from of her 5-foot-2-inch-tall frame in 2017 (in addition to the twice-a-day SoulCycle sessions, that is). Her advice? She told People News in April 2017 that it’s best to view food as fuel. She advises eating the things that give you long-lasting energy, and don’t stress about counting calories. Building Muscle After 40?!
Many women in their 40s opt for short haircuts on a hunch, and they definitely have a point. It’s not for nothing that most of us believe the length of the hair depends on the age of a woman – the older a woman gets, the shorter her hair should be. “The most common changes that occur in our hair as we get older are graying, changes in texture and density, and thinning, particularly at the crown or in the front of the hairline,” says Erin Gilbert, a New York City-based expert on hair.
Want to tell your boss and office cubicle to shove it, but don’t know how and what to do next? Listen to this weekly podcast all about reinventing, redefining and rebranding yourself at a time in your life when you’re finally ready to — midlife! Experts share their insights on taking that first leap out of your comfort zone, and finding what you’re truly meant to be doing.
Your body constantly burns calories, even when you're doing nothing. This resting metabolic rate is much higher in people with more muscle. Every pound of muscle uses about 6 calories a day just to sustain itself, while each pound of fat burns only 2 calories daily. That small difference can add up over time. After a session of strength training, muscles are activated all over your body, raising your average daily metabolic rate.
Swap that Netflix binge for a more active date and you might just find the pounds melting away, even if your metabolism seems sluggish after 40. According to researchers at Brigham Young University, binge-watching is linked to the consumption of fewer fruits and vegetables and a lower likelihood of getting the recommended amount of physical activity.
losing fat after 40 best way to lose weight 40 year old woman | heroine weight loss stars who have gained weight
Blaming your belly fat or those extra five pounds on the fact that you're getting older? Well, now's the time to stop believing that weight gain is an inevitable part of aging. Yes, as we get older our hormone balance shifts in ways that encourage weight gain. For example, testosterone and DHEA levels decline in men, and women's insulin-regulating hormones become less effective. These changes can decrease muscle mass, slow down your metabolism (some reports say by about 2 percent per decade after age 30), and sap your energy while increasing belly fat and insulin resistance. But it’s not hopeless! The more we eat clean, live clean, and work out, the better our hormone balance will be — and the healthier our metabolisms will remain. Here are some tips for mastering weight loss and your metabolism beyond age 40. The Best Science-Based Diet for Fat Loss (ALL MEALS SHOWN!)
Colette Heimowitz, Kardashian's nutritionist, explained to Elle, "The beauty about Atkins is that it meets all the nutritional requirements you need post-pregnancy and for pregnancy, because you're eating adequate protein, you're eating healthy fats, and high-fiber carbohydrates, and some fruits and nuts, and a wide variety of protein. You don't have to do low-calorie."
We all know sitting around too much is really bad for our health: One meta-analysis reported that prolonged sedentary time was associated with harmful health outcomes, and many other studies have shown it can (obviously!) lead to weight gain. Limiting your time in front of the TV at night and even trying to stand more while you're at work — perhaps with a standing desk — can increase your metabolism, helping you lose weight with minimal effort.
It can be done! I’m male in my mid 50’s and have now retired from a desk job. I’ve managed to lose around 30lbs over 12 months, and have my weight down to around 170lbs – back to around my weight 30 years ago! Now, freed from a desk, I walk much more – nothing crazy – around 8-9 miles per day ( according to my fitbit), but only around 4-5 miles of that is actually “going for a walk” the rest just general moving about!
Work and family commitments can often put a squeeze on mealtime. That gets in the way of losing weight, because we’re not giving our stomachs time to register that we’re full. Divide your plate in two. Eat half, and do something else for 30 minutes. It’ll still be there when you get back, but your hunger may have left the building. Also, fill up cheaply and easily with any of these 20 Best-Ever Fat Burning Soups.
The hype: Shortly after singer Sam Smith took home four top awards at the Grammys in February, he started shedding pounds, crediting his transformation to nutritional therapist Amelia Freer and her "Nourish and Glow" 10-day plan. Freer also had him exercising regularly and eating lots of fresh veggies, fruit, lean meats, and some seafood while abstaining from pastries and ice cream.
Julia Roberts has been named the world’s most beautiful woman of 2017 by People magazine. The 49-year-old Pretty Woman voted top for a record fifth time. One of America’s sweethearts first graced the cover of People magazine as the most beautiful woman in the world for 1991. At that time, she was just 23 years old. Roberts won the title again in 2000, 2005 and 2010. And now at 49, the actress and mother of three is once again the cover for People Magazine’s “World’s Most Beautiful Woman” in 2017.
Sorry Starbucks frequenters, but that daily skinny vanilla latte may be the reason your skinny jeans aren’t slipping on comfortably. Sbux’s sugar-free vanilla syrup that it pumps into skinny lattes is sweetened with sucralose, an artificial sugar that has been found to increase the risk of developing tissue inflammation by disrupting the gut microbiota, a study in Frontiers in Physiology journal discovered, adding that this chronic inflammation can cause obesity and diabetes.
“Because contrary to Miley’s 20-year-old viewpoint, maturity typically brings a stronger sense of confidence in self. You know what you like, and you’re not shy about asking for it. And so typically you end up having more free-fun! And why not! If you’re a little older and a little more wrinkly, oh well.” And if you’re looking to really spice things up in your bedroom, consider playing one of these.
Stephen Colbert’s doing great, but now it’s time to DVR him and start getting to bed earlier. A study in Finland looked at sets of identical twins and discovered that in each set of siblings, the twin who slept less had more visceral fat. If you do nothing else differently, just getting an extra half hour of shuteye will make all the difference. If you’re chronically sleep deprived, don’t be surprised if you gain a few pounds without eating a morsel of extra food. “A lack of sleep can cause several metabolic problems,” says nutritionist Seth Santoro. “It can cause you to burn fewer calories, lack appetite control and experience an increase in cortisol levels, which stores fat.” Lack of sufficient sleep—under the recommended seven to nine hours a night for most adults—also leads to impaired glucose tolerance, a.k.a. your body’s ability to utilize sugar for fuel. “We all have those less-than-adequate nights of sleep,” says nutritionist Lisa Jubilee. “But if it’s a regular thing, you’re better off lengthening your night’s sleep than working out, if fat loss or weight maintenance is your goal.”
In an Orlando Health survey of more than a thousand respondents, only 10 percent of people listed their psychological well-being as part of their weight loss journey. The problem? Not being in tune with your emotions and their connection to food is why nearly 66 percent of people gain weight back after losing it. “Most people focus almost entirely on the physical aspects of weight loss, like diet and exercise,” neuropsychologist and Program Director of Integrative Medicine at Orlando Health Diane Robinson, Ph.D. said in a press release. “But there is an emotional component to food that the vast majority of people simply overlook and it can quickly sabotage their efforts.” To stop emotional eating and unlock the door to weight loss success, try keeping a journal that tracks your food choices and current mood. Then look for healthy and unhealthy patterns, which can help you identify the specific life and emotional connections you have with food.
Sure, we’re in the golden age of television, but one of the easiest ways to increase your over-40 weight loss is by turning off the TV (as much as it may break your heart to miss the latest GoT). A study published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition reveals that people who snacked while watching TV ate 10 percent more per sitting than those who focused on their food. Even more depressing, research published in the Journal of Consumer Research indicates that seeing beauty advertisements can trigger feelings of inadequacy in women, which can often lead to emotional eating. Why do People start Gaining weight in Late 20's?
Whether it was as the musical jailbird in Chicago or sleek secret agent Oceans 12, Catherine Zeta-Jones is indeed a jack of all trades. The triple threat can dance, sing and act. So it’s no wonder she has such an impressive resume of big-name Hollywood flicks under her belt. She is also highly regarded as one of the most beautiful actresses of all time. With her porcelain skin, perfect bone structure and timeless elegance, it is easy to see why. Catherine is 48 and has two children with husband, Michael Douglas. She is set to star in the Facebook Watch comedy-drama series Queen America. 44 Year Old Dad Bod Transformation | Lost Over 50 lbs
And you don’t have to listen to it. “It doesn’t matter what other people think or say about us. Anyone can say anything about anyone, that doesn’t make it true,” says Cynthia Rowland, author and beauty expert. “What matters is what you think and know about yourself.” And you might want to avoid being the target of gossip by avoiding the 40 Things No Woman Should Ever Wear to Work.
Spreading your meals throughout the day might keep you from getting too hungry and overeating. If so, it is a good idea. Athletes perform better when they eat more often in smaller amounts. If you are someone who has a hard time stopping once you start eating, 3 meals a day may make it easier for you to stick to an appropriate intake than lots of little snacks.
Experts agree that including a weekly cheat meal into your healthy-eating plan can actually help you reach your weight loss goals. Having a strategy is key: “By planning your cheat meal, you know what you’ll be eating and can cut a few extra calories earlier in the day,” says Jim White, RD, ACSM Health Fitness Specialist and owner of Jim White Fitness & Nutrition Studios. “This also allows you to really pick a favorite food instead of wasting calories on something you didn’t enjoy.” Amy Shapiro, MS, RD, CDN, Real Nutrition NYC, gives similar advice. “Pick your poison. If you’re going out, pick your splurge. Are you going to dig into carbs like a bread basket or pasta or dessert? Or are you planning on tossing back a few cocktails?” She urges cheaters to avoid consuming all three of those common categories in one sitting. “Focus only on one,” she says, adding that by saving the others for another time you can “enjoy without going overboard.”
If you want a faster metabolism, think protein. Here’s why: Your body burns twice as many calories by digesting proteins than it does when digesting carbs. Add more protein to your diet with two fish-based meals per week. Packed with protein, fish, such as halibut or salmon, also contains omega-3 fatty acids, which increase fat-burning enzymes in the body. Click here to learn the other benefits of including fish on your dish.
When my patients stay in ketosis too long, their bodies become acidic. (When I say acidic, I mean urinary pH, NOT blood pH, which maintains itself.) Acidity creates chronic inflammation that forces their bodies to hold on to fat. That’s why I created the Keto-Alkaline diet and ask patients to shift into an alkaline diet and lifestyle with foods like leafy and cruciferous greens as well as citrus fruits before they go keto, stacking fat loss and other health benefits in their favor. To learn more about how to shift into an alkaline state, please see my guide here.
Trainer to the stars Tracy Anderson created the crazy weight-loss plan known as the Baby Food Diet, which she calls a “cleanse.” Several of her clients tried it, but it was when Jennifer Aniston jumped on the bandwagon that Gerber got excited. She lost 7 pounds in one week, something Anderson said was possible because the diet gave her body a "boost."
Why does eating lots of fish rich in omega-3 fatty acids (salmon, herring, and tuna) help amp up metabolism? Omega-3s balance blood sugar and reduce inflammation, helping to regulate metabolism. They may also reduce resistance to the hormone leptin, which researchers have linked to how fast fat is burned. A study in Obesity Research found rats that ingested large doses of fish oil while exercising lost weight. Take omega-3 fatty acid supplements; Hyman recommends 1,000 to 2,000 milligrams per day. Hate the fishy after-burp? Try flaxseed oil, walnuts, or eggs fortified with omega-3s. Or check out supplements (by brands such as Nordic Naturals) that have no fishy taste.
Back in January, Posh tweeted a picture of the cookbook Eating the Alkaline Way. "Love this healthy eating cook book!!" she enthused. Clearly, it loves her back; Beckham has maintained her signature svelte frame with a diet rich in fruits and vegetables that curtails consumption of acid-forming foods like dairy, pasta, meat and fish. The goal? To keep the body's pH balance between 7.35 and 7.45. Other famous fans of the diet book, penned by Natasha Corrett, the stepsister of Sienna Miller, include Jennifer Aniston, Kirsten Dunst and Gwyneth Paltrow.
If you were very active in your younger years, you may have had some injuries. Like a spicy pepperoni pizza does after dinner, those injuries from your carefree days can come back to haunt you. These ghosts of injuries past show up in the form of early arthritis, bone spurs, tighter muscles, pinched nerves, etc. After our 30’s, new injuries also take longer heal. No wonder we slow down. 70 lbs weight Loss, Maintenance, Intermittent Fasting, Loose Skin | Fit & Chic After 35
According to a study in The New England Journal of Medicine, folks who eat at least 100 grams of fruit per day—about half an apple, or a whole banana—saw their heart attack risk plummet by about 33 percent. While apples contain cholesterol-busting pectin, bananas are an excellent source of blood-pressure-slashing potassium. Slating both into your diet is a solid choice. And for more ways to be a smarter eater—and all around person—bone up on the 20 Things Your Doctor Is Likely to Get Wrong.
Hormonal changes in middle age can wreak havoc on our weight and our waistlines, but boosting the amount of fiber in your diet can help. A study published in the Annals of Internal Medicine reveals that increasing fiber intake helped participants shave off 4.6 pounds over an 8-week period and maintain that weight loss over the course of a year. Even better, dialing up the fiber in your meals can help combat the bloated belly and sluggish digestion that often accompany hormonal changes, like menopause. Don’t know where to find the fiber you seek? Start with the 30 Best Foods For Fiber!
"As much as I love words on the page, I'm not fully satisfied until I get to speak them in person with others," Leslie adds. She's honored to travel and share from her passions nationally and internationally at conferences, universities, churches, and retreats. With three master's degrees, she has taught collegiate classes for many years, including six years in Seattle Pacific University's MFA program. If she can't see her audience, radio is a good second. She has appeared on more than 150 radio shows including Family Life Today, Prime Time America, Focus on the Family, and Chris Fabry Live! Losing Weight After 40 - Super Effective Tips!
The theory makes sense: Your body burns carbs for energy, but if you eat them before you go to sleep, your body just stores them as fat. One study in the European Journal of Nutrition put two groups of men on identical weight loss diets. The only difference? Half of the group ate their carbs throughout the day while the second group reserved carbohydrates for nighttime. The result? The nighttime carb group showed a significantly higher diet-induced thermogenesis (meaning they burned more calories digesting their food the next day). Moreover, the daytime-carb group showed increased blood sugar levels. Another study in the journal Obesity saw similar results. Nighttime carb eaters lost 27 percent more body fat—and felt 13.7 percent fuller—than those on the standard diet.
Push-ups, sit-ups, lunges -- your choice. The biggest factor for succeeding with your weight-loss plan once you've reached age 40 is strength training. If you've tried my easy workout, you know that strength training builds lean muscle, which, in turn, can burn 50 calories per pound every day. So push yourself a little: Each morning, between the time you roll out of bed and the moment you hit the shower, string together 20 sit-ups, 20 squats, 20 leg lifts, and as many push-ups as you can manage. It won't take more than five minutes, but over the next year, it can trim five pounds from your frame.
Don’t you hate it when a super-sexy celeb is asked how they do it and the first thing they say is that they don’t exercise? Well, Megan Fox admitted to being just too “lazy” to attempt breaking a sweat. Instead, she downs shots of apple cider vinegar. This quick-fix diet trick, she says, “cleans out your system entirely. It will get rid of, for women who retain water weight from your menstrual cycle and all that, it gets rid of it really fast,"
Your sleep habits, your eating habits, and your work habits may lead to poor sleep. It's very hard to slim down when you're not resting properly. To lose weight over 40, you should increase your energy using natural, healthy methods. First, make small changes to improve your sleep at night. Then during the day, steer clear of high-calorie coffee drinks and other beverages that cause weight gain and use diet-friendly methods to boost your energy instead.​​ One Tip every woman over 40 needs to know to lose weight permanently
Salma Hayek is indisputably one of the most stunning women in the world. From humble telenovela beginnings, this Mexican/American beauty became a household name after starring in a slew of Hollywood titles. The 51-year-old scored lead roles in Dogma, The Hitman’s Bodyguard and Frida, which earned her 11 award show nominations. She also has two films in post-production at the moment. Fit and Fabulous at 50: My Amazing Body Transformation. BEFORE & AFTER Weight Loss INSPIRATION!
The ketogenic diet is low-carb to the extreme. Followers of a common version of the plan source 75 percent of their daily calories from fat, 20 percent from protein, and just 5 percent from carbohydrates. All it takes is a few days of eating this way for the body to enter ketosis, which essentially means the body starts burning fat instead of glucose (carbohydrates) for fuel.
Hi Kathy - You are doing things right - I am a fan of bodyweight and dumbbells while doing HIIT and circuits, etc. You don't need to do the traditional free weight workout... BUT you do want to make sure you are challenging yourself enough to feel your muscles working - if you can go a little heavier, do it! Also - I don't know how much weight you have to lose - if it's only a few pounds - those are the hardest. However, if you have a lot of weight to lose and the scale isn't budging - you are doing a good amount of exercise - I would really analyze what you are eating - that is at least, if not more than 50 % of the equation. Have you checked out the Ultimate Healthy Eating Guide that you received when you signed up for Get Healthy U TV? If you need a copy, email help@gethealthyu.com
Omega-3s are widely celebrated for their heart-healthy benefits. And you’re likely aware of the so-labeled best source: Fresh-off-the-line salmon. (The farm-raised stuff generally has lower levels than the wild stuff.) But if you’re looking to boost your omega-3s to stratospheric levels, don’t sleep on chia seeds. According to The Institute of Medicine, you’re supposed to get at least 600mg daily, to reap any heart-healthy benefits. One tablespoon of chia seeds contains a staggering 2,250mg. And for more ways to live a healthier life, check out 20 Nighttime Habits Guaranteed to Help You Sleep Better.
Elle Macpherson needs no introduction. One of the world’s most successful supermodels, the Aussie born beauty has gone on to conquer more than just the runway. Nicknamed the body by Time magazine in 1989, the 54-year-old now owns her lingerie and skincare label as well as a modelling agency. She has also hosted and produced Britain & Ireland’s Next Top Model from 2010 to 2013. She is an executive producer of NBC’s Fashion Star and has two sons aged 20 and 15.
IN ALL MY YEARS counseling clients – including many celebrities and dignitaries who must remain unnamed – I've never recommended celebrity-endorsed quick fixes like cleanses over common sense. But whether I like it or not, celebrity fad diets are often mimicked by their fans of all ages, who may be vulnerable to eating disorders and unrealistic expectations about how these eating plans will actually change their lives (or not). Fortunately, there are a few celebrities whose eating, exercise and lifestyle habits my colleagues and I applaud. Here are a few famous folks you can follow with a clear conscious (for now, at least): Lose 10 Pounds This Month: Food to Eat, Exercise to Do, Thoughts to Think
The 500- to 1,000-calorie deficit yields a loss of 1 to 2 pounds per week, since 1 pound equals 3,500 calories. Losing at a faster rate, especially after the first one or two weeks of making changes, puts you at an increased risk of developing gall stones. Determine how many calories you need daily to maintain your weight based on your exact age, activity level and size using an online calculator and determine your deficit from that number. The average 40-year old woman burns between 1,800 and 2,200 calories per day, depending on activity. What's Making You So Hungry?
Chocolate lovers, rejoice: Your favorite treat could be working wonders for your heart—as long as you’re eating the right kind. According to a study in Circulation Heart Failure, women who consume one or two servings of dark chocolate saw their risk of heart disease decrease by 32 percent. For best results, spring for chocolate that has 70 percent cacao or higher; you’ll find more flavanols there. And for more fun facts on “decadent” foods, Here’s Why Sandwiches Taste Better When They’re Cut in Half. 3 Easy Tips To REVERSE "Metabolic Slowdown" AFTER 40 (And Burn MORE Fat)
IN ALL MY YEARS counseling clients – including many celebrities and dignitaries who must remain unnamed – I've never recommended celebrity-endorsed quick fixes like cleanses over common sense. But whether I like it or not, celebrity fad diets are often mimicked by their fans of all ages, who may be vulnerable to eating disorders and unrealistic expectations about how these eating plans will actually change their lives (or not). Fortunately, there are a few celebrities whose eating, exercise and lifestyle habits my colleagues and I applaud. Here are a few famous folks you can follow with a clear conscious (for now, at least):
WHAT IT IS: Developed by former scientist Dr. Barry Sears, The Zone Diet involves getting 40 percent of your daily total caloric intake from carbohydrates, 30 percent from carbs and 30 percent from fats. According to Sears, balancing the correct amount of amino acids with carbs helps control the appetite to prevent over-eating (which leads to weight gain). Followers eat three portion-controlled meals and two snacks a day, preventing you from getting too hungry – or cranky. Hollywood hottie Jennifer Aniston was such a big fan, some have even called it the “Jennifer Aniston Diet." Weight Loss Cardio Workout at Home | 35 Minutes
If you’ve gained girth after 40, it may be a sign that your liver isn’t functioning optimally. Avoiding toxins will help it work more efficiently — and slim your middle. Cut down on sugar, artificial sweeteners and trans fatty acids. Re-evaluate your need for over-the-counter pain relievers and limit your alcohol consumption to just two servings (preferably of red wine) a couple of times a week. How To Lose Belly Fat After 40
The smoothie revolution is here, and lots of people are swilling down bushels of leafy greens. Believe it or not, there’s a downside to this ingenious delivery method. A big part of the body’s job—breaking down food so that the body can absorb nutrients—has been outsourced to our Nutribullets and Vitamixes. That means that the body is expending much less energy than it would if we were eating kale, spinach, and bananas in their solid form. Smoothies are great for weight loss, but by prioritizing lean meats, fish, fibrous vegetables and fruit, you are driving up TEF (the Thermic Effect of Food, or your metabolic rate after eating) and expending more calories on digestion.
The key to this metabolism diet trick is to start slowly. First, add non-exercise movement to your day. Walk more often, take the stairs instead of the elevator, carry your groceries home from the store or add a few easy exercise sessions to your routine. ​Use an activity tracker to increase your daily step count and increase your total calories burned per day. 9 Simple Tips for Losing Weight After 50
Tired of starkly staring at the bags under your eyes every morning? (Pun intended!) Fortunately enough, this summer fruit can help you look doe-eyed way past the big 4-0! “Though it may sound counterintuitive, the high concentration of water in watermelon can actually reduce the water retention that leads to puffiness around the eyes,” says Baumann. “And because watermelon is low in sugar—well, compared to many other fruits—you don’t have to worry about glycation, the chemical reaction that compromises collagen and leads to lines and wrinkles.”
Your phone company might have a recycling program. I know here in Australia we have a variety of companies that recycle or reuse old phones. Just make sure you wipe your data off the phone before getting rid of it. Some companies have a box you can put the phone, batteries and accessories in and some you go to there website and register and you can print out a label to put on your box and it helps with postage. women over 40 body transformation | From Fat to Fit
When you're over 40, weight loss may play a big role in your overall well-being and your ability to age well. When you go in for your annual check-up or before you start a diet, talk to your healthcare provider. Find out if weight loss might improve your health. You may be able to decrease your risk for disease or even stop taking certain medications if you lose weight. And having that important information may help you to stay motivated when weight loss becomes challenging.
Who says sex appeal fades as you age? Many women say that their 40s are the sexiest decade. Often, women experience renewed confidence, professional success and a more sultry sense of self during this decade. So why not use it to your advantage? If you're trying to reshape your body or lose weight in your 40s, a renewed sense of confidence and sex appeal will help you reach your goals. You might think that you’ll feel better about your body after the diet, but the truth is that if you feel better about yourself before you diet, you'll be better equipped to manage the lifestyle changes necessary for weight loss.
If you're scratching your head wondering why your husband can lose 25 pounds in two months by making some simple lifestyle changes, here's why. “Women naturally have a higher percentage of body fat and lower muscle mass than men do,” explains Gillian Mueller Goddard, M.D., endocrinologist at Park Avenue Endocrinology & Nutrition PLLC in New York City. “Muscle is more metabolically active than fat is, it utilizes more energy in the form of calories. The average man is also just larger than the average woman, so it takes more calories to maintain a larger body mass. Between these two differences, men can consume more calories to maintain or lose weight than women can.”
I discovered this author when she was a guest "on the porch" of Ann Vokamp. I was intrigued when I read she and her family were salmon fishermen in Kodiak, Alaska because my family had spent 3 years in Kodiak. Well I am so glad I found her! I loved this book. It was motivating and encouraging to read from so many women going through different stages in life. Leslie's writing is real and vulnerable and stirs my heart for more of Jesus and Jesus living. I love her blog and can't wait to read another of her books. If you are a women of any age, you will glean so much from this book of wisdom. My Diet and Exercise Routine! After 40!
You could say one of Oprah's favorite things is the diet she follows from Weight Watchers, which U.S. News ranks No. 1 for weight loss. Joan Salge Blake, a registered dietitian in Boston and author of "Nutrition & You," picks Oprah as a diet "celebrity crush" because Oprah achieved her 40-pound weight loss while enjoying an eating pattern and lifestyle that contains less sugar and heart-unhealthy saturated fat, and more fruits and veggies, movement and mindfulness. Unlike most celebrity-endorsed diet programs, Salge Blake points out that Weight Watchers is reasonably affordable. But if Weight Watchers is still more than you'd like to spend to trim pounds, try logging on to MyPlate.gov for a free weight-reducing diet you can tailor to your needs. Speed Up Your Metabolism with Foods That Boost Thyroid Function
"When you do resistance training, it causes a degree of microtrauma, or tiny tears, to the muscle tissue," says Dr. Westcott. "Over the next 48 to 72 hours, your body remodels and heals that tissue with amino acids, making it stronger—or, if you're just starting out and need to gain muscle mass, the muscle slowly grows." This throws coals onto your metabolism's calorie-burning fire in two ways: First, the more muscle you build, the more calories you'll burn each day. Second, the rebuilding process itself requires extra energy, boosting your daily calorie burn by 5 to 9%.
If you always opt for coffee over tea, you could be missing out on a major metabolism boost. In a recent 12-week study, participants who drank 4-5 cups of green tea daily, then did a 25-minute workout, lost an average of two more pounds and more belly fat than the non tea-drinking exercisers. What’s its magic? The brew contains catechins, a type of antioxidant that triggers the release of fat from fat cells and helps speed the liver’s capacity for turning fat into energy. Workout For Older Men: The A-40 Core Set
Generally, Rihanna does what she wants when it comes to food. Sometimes she eats at traditional Italian restaurants, sometimes she has her chef cook for her, and sometimes she just drinks beer. But when she does want to diet, she goes on the 5-Factor Diet by Harley Pasternak. The basis is pretty simple: Eat five meals a day, and make sure each of those meals include five “essential” ingredients.
Difficulty on a Scale of 1 (I Feel Great!) to 10 (It Ruined My Life!): 6. If I were interested in losing weight, this would be the way to do it. It’s not even that hard if you do enough supermarket prep and cancel all plans to hang out with people. Lean protein, lots of veggies (except for nightshades), no refined flour or sugar … actually I change my mind; this is impossible.
diet for women over 40 best way to lose weight over 40 | celebrity fast weight loss recent celebrity weight loss
By the time you hit 40, you’re a veritable font of wisdom on topics as diverse as how to get over a lost love to what truly determines happiness. Ahead, we’ve gathered the top pieces of knowledge experts say women over 40 possess from a mix of lifestyle gurus and, of course, women over 40 themselves. And for more advice on aging gracefully, check out 40 Ways to Conquer Your 40s.
Salma Hayek is indisputably one of the most stunning women in the world. From humble telenovela beginnings, this Mexican/American beauty became a household name after starring in a slew of Hollywood titles. The 51-year-old scored lead roles in Dogma, The Hitman’s Bodyguard and Frida, which earned her 11 award show nominations. She also has two films in post-production at the moment.
Adding a daily walk to your routine means you’ve taken the first step toward achieving a healthier weight. Middle-aged and senior women have an increased risk of hip fracture, but staying active can help you burn more calories and lower your chances of suffering an injury. Research suggests that regular exercise can reduce a person’s risk of osteoporosis, and shaving off those extra pounds means you’re putting less strain on your joints, making it easier to prevent a fall that can keep you sidelined. 3 Easy Tips To REVERSE "Metabolic Slowdown" AFTER 40 (And Burn MORE Fat)
“To see real results, you need to eat real food,” People’s Sexiest Trainer Alive Angelo Grinceri told Eat This, Not That! “When your eating habits consist of eating a variety of real foods that provide the body with nourishment, a healthier body is created. And the healthier you are, the faster you’ll recover post-workout and the better chance you’ll have at losing fat and building muscle.” Plus, eating for health instead of weight loss means you’ll develop a habit that makes smarter food choices easier and easier. Get more of this sexy trainer’s advice at The 15 Best Weight Loss Tips from The Sexiest Trainer Alive!
“Has something happened — a change in relationship or job? Has that affected the times that you’re eating, how and what you’re eating, and who you’re eating with? Those changes in eating nutritionally can affect your weight,” Weiner said. “If you used to eat with other people, you maybe had more vegetables. Alone, you may be eating less healthy foods.”
Whenever possible, slice each of your workouts into two smaller sessions. For example, do a 15-minute weight-lifting session in the morning, then do your 30-minute walk on your lunch hour or at night. You'll burn an extra 100 to 200 calories that day, explains Kelly Tracy, M.A., fitness coordinator at Duke University Diet and Fitness Center. Don't have time? Just add in some stair climbing or short walks throughout the day. Even small bursts of activity are enough to get your metabolism revved, according to a study in the scientific journal Nature. "I call it the mini stoke: For five minutes out of every hour, get up and do something, even if it's just walking around your office," says professor of medicine Peeke. "You can end up burning a couple of hundred extra calories.
Allow me to cut to the chase: Going on a heart-healthy diet isn’t nearly as grim as you probably think it will be. Think it’s all chicken breasts and broccoli? Think again. According to leading nutritionists and the latest studies, you can eat chocolate, pasta, and wash it all down with some wine. (That is, of course, if you’re springing for the healthy options of all these so-called “bad” foods. More on that later.) What follows is a comprehensive compendium of all the mouthwatering cuisine—whether it’s a new dietary addition or a simple swap for an existing staple—you should eat to build a ticker as strong as steel. And for more ways to keep your heart safe, learn the 30 Best Ways to Lower Your Heart Attack Risk. Diet that Works for Women over 40's
A study published in October 2010 in the Annals of Internal Medicine compared two groups of middle-aged people trying to lose weight and their sleep patterns. For four days, one group slept four-and-a-half hours per night, and the second slept eight-and-a-half hours per night. The members in the first group lost 60 percent more muscle and burned 55 percent less fat over the course of the study, demonstrating how sensitive the metabolism is to a lack of adequate sleep — even over a short period of time.
Want to see those numbers on the scale get smaller? Try adding some fish to your meal plan. Research published in Obesity reveals that adding some omega-3s to subjects’ diet helped them lose more weight, keep it off longer, and limit those nagging hunger pangs. For women over 40, omega-3-rich fish, like salmon and tuna, are a particularly good choice; studies suggest that adding them to your diet may reduce your risk of hot flashes, too.
Remember the Boy Scout motto about always being prepared? At 40 or older, you most likely have more things demanding your time and attention than ever before. To make it easier to eat lower calories and avoid stuffing your face when you’re starving, always keep your desk, pantry, car, and purse stashed with healthy snacks. Raw almonds and bananas are two of the easiest, but you can get more ideas with these 27 Healthy Snack Ideas Under $1. And whatever you do, do not hit up any vending machines! Craziest ✷ Fit over 50's ✷ Fitness Body Transformations l Before & After 2018
While drinking in moderation every so often won’t do too much harm to your waistline, making it a habit can slow down your metabolic rate. Why? When your body has a cocktail to break down, it takes precedence over any food that you’ve already eaten that’s waiting to be digested. This slows down the entire metabolic process. In fact, some researchers claim boozing can decrease the body’s fat-burning ability by up to 73 percent! On the occasions that you decided to indulge, stick to low-calorie drinks. Alternate your alcohol with water to slow your pace, and cut yourself off after two drinks. Avoid ordering high-cal bar food like fries and burgers. An important note: Wine in moderation can have numerous benefits, including weight loss! Seek out these 16 Wines for Weight Loss.
A new report from the Credit Suisse Research Institute found that more and more of us are choosing whole-fat foods over skim, lite, fat-free or other modern monikers of leanness. And while many health organizations like the American Heart Association still want us to cut down on fat—particularly saturated fat—this full-fat trend may be a healthy rebellion against those decades-old credos, according to recent studies. In fact, people who eat a lot of high-fat dairy products actually have the lowest incidence of diabetes, according to a 2015 study of 26,930 people in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition. Those who ate a lot of low-fat dairy products, on the other hand, had the highest incidence. The researchers speculated that while calcium, protein, vitamin D, and other nutrients in yogurt are indeed good for us, we need the fat that goes along with them in order to reap their protective effects. These are some of the 20 Best Full-Fat Foods for Weight Loss! Tips To Boost Your Metabolism After 40 | Marlo Thomas
After a week or two, your body will adjust to a more active lifestyle. That's when it's time to add workouts that increase metabolism. If you are healthy enough for vigorous exercise add one HIIT or Tabata session per week. Then gradually add one or two more. You can also add up to 3 strength training workouts per week to increase your metabolism with lean muscle mass.
Choosy moms shouldn’t choose Jif—whether you’re spooning into the jar yourself or spreading it onto your kid’s PB&J. besides peanuts, the red-capped jar contains molasses, fully hydrogenated vegetable oils, and mono and diglycerides—which add more fat to the spread. Peanut butter can be a satiating, healthy spread if you choose the right one. We like Maranatha and Smucker’s Natural because they contain two simple ingredients: protein-packed peanuts and a hint of sea salt. Changes to Your Body at 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70 (Shocking Facts!)
Most women in the ripe years have already found their own styles and could have enjoyed their lives just keeping them in line with current trends. Unfortunately, age-related changes foul things up, affecting face features, body and hair. However, there are lots of stylish hairstyles for women over 40, flattering both the face and body silhouette, while factoring out years. You just need to focus on the personal traits we are going to discuss further.
Allow me to cut to the chase: Going on a heart-healthy diet isn’t nearly as grim as you probably think it will be. Think it’s all chicken breasts and broccoli? Think again. According to leading nutritionists and the latest studies, you can eat chocolate, pasta, and wash it all down with some wine. (That is, of course, if you’re springing for the healthy options of all these so-called “bad” foods. More on that later.) What follows is a comprehensive compendium of all the mouthwatering cuisine—whether it’s a new dietary addition or a simple swap for an existing staple—you should eat to build a ticker as strong as steel. And for more ways to keep your heart safe, learn the 30 Best Ways to Lower Your Heart Attack Risk. 6 Things You Must Do To Maintain Or Lose weight After 30
Adding a leg day to your workouts can help you tone up your lower half and make it easier to shave off unwanted weight. Not only will increasing your muscle tone help you burn more calories, research conducted at Chungnam National University suggests that individuals with more muscle tone in their lower bodies have a lower risk of falls and fractures that may keep them from getting adequate exercise for months, if not years. A study published in Gerontology also suggests that strong legs are a good indicator of the strength of another important muscle: your brain.
It's 3 p.m. and your belly is rumbling. (We've all been there.) If you wait until dinnertime to eat, you may be so starving that you wind up overdoing it. Eating a small mid-afternoon meal will prevent that -- and it will also keep your metabolism stoked, says Goodson. "Think of your metabolism like a fire. In order to get a fire going you start it with a decent amount of wood, then you add a few pieces of wood every few hours to keep the fire burning." Eating small meals raises your metabolism every time you eat. The key is to include a lean protein and complex carb each time, not processed or junk food. A few no-effort options: cottage cheese and fruit, peanut butter and an apple, or Greek yogurt with berries.
Thank you for your brilliant post. I’m now 40 and have been fasting almost everyday for 2 years. It worked wonders in the early days and like everything, I feel that my body adapted to it and I seem to now not get as much out of it. I’m thinking I should be mixing it up a little and confusing my body as to when the fasting will happen. Am I correct in thinking that? Or do you think fasting is a good daily lifestyle habit?
The more muscle you have, the more calories you burn—no matter what you’re doing. Hitting the gym helps you build muscle but eating protein keeps your gains from breaking down and slowing your metabolic rate as a result. Protein needs differ by individual, but typically consuming 0.8 to one gram of protein per kilogram of body weight per day should be sufficient enough to fuel weight loss, says Leah Kaufman, MS, RD, CDN, a New York City-based Dietitian. For a 130-pound (59 kilograms) person, that would equal between 46 and 58 grams of protein. Research has found that because protein is more difficult for the body to break down and digest than other nutrients, it can increase post-meal calorie burn by as much as 35 percent. Aim to incorporate some protein into every meal and snack throughout the day. Super proteins are also a major component of The Super Metabolism Diet to build muscle and help burn energy.
I am 61 and have lost 3 and a half stone in the last year. I joined Slimming World who recommend that you fill up on foods that are less calorie dense, and I have a cross-trainer at home. I built up the exercise gradually as I lost weight and got fitter. 15 minutes at first, I now do an hour on 6 days a week. I really think eating healthier and being more active is something we have to push ourselves to do. Only discovered it late in life, but thankfully not too late.
I have lost lots of weight but cant shift the reminder of my old beer gut , I want to loose around 10cm from my waist , will the ketogenic diet and fasting make this happen quickly ? I am wanting to drop some cm`s from my waist real fast …… I normmaly get very grumpy not eating so fasting might be a challenge ;0 I get up very early and start work at 6am and go to bed around 830pm so would it stick to the times above or change ? Any tips would be magic thanks heaps
I eat mostly whole30 (I have 8 ounces of red wine at night). I am 42 year old mother (20 month old and 7 year old) I am having the hardest time losing my BELLY. I was exercising 3 times a week at the gym with circuit training, but my knees are bad so I had to modify all the exercises. Anyway, I just bought book and I am hoping this will help. I have a bad dairy allergy so will need to omit the butter and dairy. Any other advice or help would be greatly appreciated. I hate being a fat mom.
Non-exercise adaptive thermogenesis (NEAT) is the next part of your metabolism, and it's basically made up of those extra things your body does that aren’t really exercise, but that still cost energy (think: fidgeting, shivering, and all the things you do to go about your day, like walking and standing). It accounts for about 20 percent of your metabolism, and it can vary from day to day depending on things like what you’re doing to what you're eating.
When Eat This, Not That! spoke with the dieting and fitness experts of ABC’s new show, “My Diet is Better Than Yours,” we learned some pretty incredible tips. One idea that seemed more attainable for someone over 40 is from wellness expert Jovanka Ciares, who said try eating only between the hours of 9 a.m. and 6:30 p.m. (Can you imagine a college guy or a new mom abiding by that rule?!) As long as you are still getting enough calories to keep your metabolism up, this tactic can help you lose weight because it puts your body into a fasted state, which Ciares says can make the process easier and faster.
Probiotics in products like yogurt and fermented foods like pickles and sauerkraut help good bacteria in the gut process food more efficiently. Not only is yogurt a great source of protein and calcium, studies have shown that eating it as part of a reduced-calorie diet can increase metabolism. And you can incorporate it into dishes throughout the day. Here are 20 Delicious Yogurt-Based Recipes for Weight Loss.
7. You’re not getting enough sleep – lack of sleep has been shown to increase your risk of obesity. It’s a vicious cycle – you wake up exhausted after a rubbish night’s sleep, you reach for the wrong foods (to give you a quick energy boost), you end up even more tired and unable to sleep. AND insufficient sleep has been shown to increase your hunger hormone ghrelin!
According to the American Heart Association, individuals who get merely 2 percent of their total calorie intake from yogurt reduce their risk of developing hypertension by 31 percent. That amount to one six-ounce cup every three days. For our money, spring for protein-rich Greek yogurt. You’ll experience higher energy levels and stronger muscle function.
But, Bustillo cautions against hanging too much hope on this: “Many companies that sell the ‘after burn’ or ‘metabolic workouts’ are just utilizing a marketing strategy with [a grain of science behind it],” he says. “They're not technically lying, because training can increase BMR [in the 24 hours post-workout], but it's not by more than 200-300 calories on average.” [IS THAT NOT SIGNIFICANT THOUGH? THAT GETS YOU AT LEAST HALFWAY TO THE 500-CAL DEFECIT YOU NEED PER DAY TO LOSE 1-2 LBS PER WEEK. I DON'T THINK WE TOTALLY WANT TO TRASH THE PROMISE THAT HIIT CAN CREATE AFTERBURN]
3. Keep a food journal or use an app to track what you eat. As we get older, our metabolisms naturally slow down.  That means you need less food.  If you’re still eating as much as you did in your 30’s, you’ve probably had to buy a whole new wardrobe or 2 by now.  Apps like “My Fitness Pal” or “Lose It” help making weight loss goals easier by keeping you on track.  Or you can go old school and write everything down then look up the calories.  Not all calories are created equal, but one is for sure, taking in more than you burn leads to more body fat. Yoga for People Over 40, 50, and 60 - A Routine You Can Do From Home
When you were young, you probably didn't spend too much time thinking about preparing your body for the future. In your teens and twenties, you're in peak condition and it's the perfect time to start exercising. Cut to 20 years later and, if you didn't start exercising, you probably wish you had since there's something we all start to experience in our 40's—weight gain.
“By the time women get to their 40s, they’ve hopefully given up the notion that happiness exists within a certain shape or size,” says Stacey Rosenfeld, Ph.D., a psychologist and author of Does Every Woman Have an Eating Disorder? Challenging Our Nation’s Fixation with Food and Weight. “Instead, they find fulfillment through their connections and their work, their passions and their families.” But if reasonable weight-loss is your goal, follow these 20 Science-Backed Ways to Motivate Yourself to Get in Shape.
Making an omelet? Forget separating the white from the yolk and embrace the whole egg! The healthy fats within the yolks can help you feel fuller longer and curb cravings, explains Kayleen St. John, RD. Not to mention, choline—a belly fat-blasting nutrient—is only present in the orange part of the egg, rather than the whites, that most dieters tend to avoid. Next time you’re whipping up a scramble, crack the whole egg, yolk and all, into the pan.
I am not an expert but have been where you are. My doctor told me that due to stress my cortisol hormone was quite high and this can make it difficult to lose weight. I was told to do more soothing exercise (long walks), yoga, and strength exercises. I also was told to eliminate sugar, flour, no red meat etc. it is working. I also have to watch my calories and it is working. You can conquer this Barbara, I wish you all the best. 70 lbs weight Loss, Maintenance, Intermittent Fasting, Loose Skin | Fit & Chic After 35
Weight Watchers is all about sustainable results rather than yo-yo dieting or quick fat loss that results in even more weight gain down the line — and that’s one of the reasons it’s regarded as one of the best diets available today. And the best part about Weight Watchers is that you can eat whatever you want as long as you stick to the “Points” system. How To Raise Metabolism Your After 40 with Kate Deering | Integrate Yourself Podcast EP16
best way to lose weight 40 year old woman celebrity diet secrets to lose weight fast | drastic weight loss before and after water and weight loss
Whole foods contain an assortment of vitamins, minerals, and nutrients that act as metabolic spark plugs, giving you the energy to get up and move around. That’s the theory behind increasingly popular diets like Paleo, which eschews processed foods in favor of lean meat and vegetables. Without preservatives and unnecessary crap in your food, your body will burn clean, and that translates to a faster-moving metabolic engine. Dr. Oz's Fix for Back Fat in Women
Refined carbs, such as bagels, white bread, and potatoes, create a surge in insulin that in turn promotes storage of fat and may drive down your metabolic rate, says Louis Aronne, M.D., an obesity specialist at New York Presbyterian Weill Cornell Medical Center, who recommends high-fiber carbs instead. "It's important to keep carbohydrates in your overall diet, but focus on vegetables, fruits, and whole grains, which have less of an impact on insulin levels," he explains. My 136 lbs weight loss after 35 years old. !!!
Research has found that people burn fewer calories when they sleep during the day and log their waking hours after the sun’s gone down. To come to this finding, researchers at the University of Colorado at Boulder studied 14 healthy adults for six days. For two days, study participants slept at night and stayed awake during the day, then they reversed their routines to mimic the schedules of night owls. When participants slept during the day, researchers found that they burned 52 to 59 fewer calories than they did while catching their Zzzs in the evening—likely because the schedule messed with their circadian rhythm, the body’s internal clock that plays a major role in metabolism function. If you have no choice but to sleep during the day, aim to cut 50-60 calories from your daily diet.
According to research published in the European Journal of Clinical Nutrition, the metabolic rate of study participants decreased by up to 78 calories a day with every passing decade, while calorie burn dropped by up to 68 calories a day. While this may mean that it takes more work to shed the pounds in your 40s, it’s far from impossible to do so; in fact, just a few small changes to your usual routine can have you hitting your goal weight before you know it. And when you want to jumpstart that slimdown, discover Why Sunshine Is Your Weight Loss Secret Weapon!
As a 62 year old I have always struggled with my weight but have joined slimming world. They encourage you to eat healthily by essentially using a low fat & carb method. So far it seems to be working and you are never hungry on their plan and I can still have a glass of wine. Combined with using the fitbit to monitor my steps I have upped my walking. So being in you 60s is not a deterrent to losing weight. It is never too late.
You deserve that glass of Scotch or wine, we know. But the unfortunate truth is that your body doesn’t metabolize alcohol as efficiently as you age. So, not only are you going to add on (or not be able to lose) weight because of alcohol, you also wind up looking older and sleeping worse. “[As you age] it will be increasingly difficult to get a good night’s rest with alcohol in your system and sleepless nights lead to carb and sugar cravings the next day,” says registered dietitian Martha McKittrick in 30 Foods You Should Never Eat After Age 30. Meanwhile, alcohol zaps moisture from your skin making fine lines more noticeable and speeding up your skin’s loss of elasticity.
Kathrin Romary "Kate" Beckinsale is an English actress. After some minor television roles, she made her film debut in Much Ado About Nothing while still a student at Oxford University. She then appeared in British costume dramas such as Prince of Jutland, Cold Comfort Farm, Emma, and The Golden Bowl, in addition to various stage and radio productions. She began to seek film work in the United States in the late 1990s and, after appearing in small-scale dramas The Last Days of Disco and Brokedown Palace, she had a break-out year in 2001 with starring roles in the war film Pearl Harbor and the romantic comedy Serendipity. She built on this success with appearances in the biopic The Aviator and ...more on Wikipedia MEN OVER 40 How To Increase Testosterone And Get Rid Of Belly Fat
13. You’re popping too many pills – regular use of painkillers, antibiotics, indigestion tablets, poor quality supplements and other medications can over-burden your liver and damage your gut lining. As well as potential side effects (many of which are weight gain), too many medications can cause a build up of toxins and can upset your gut flora balance. शिल्पा जैसा फिगर पाने के लिए अपनायें ये डाइट प्लान, How to Lose Weight Fast 10kgs | Celebrity Diet 1
Want to lose weight and have healthy meals you can prepare quickly? That's the premise behind celeb trainer Harley Pasternak's 5-Factor Diet, which calls for three meals and two snacks daily. The recipes don't take long to make and each one includes protein, fibre, carbs, fluids and a bit of healthy fat--designed so you don't feel hungry or deprived.
According to a review published in the journal Obesity, legumes—including beans, chickpeas, lentils and peas—could keep you from the snack drawer until dinner. Researchers found that subjects who consumed between ¾ and 1 cup of legumes daily felt as much as 31 percent fuller than those who didn’t! But there’s a catch: Although participants felt fuller when they ate legumes, they didn’t always eat less throughout the day. It’s still up to you to tune out the call of cravings—a completely different beast than hunger. But when it comes to willpower boosters, beans are a great way to get a jumpstart. They’re also one of the 30 Best Food for 6-Pack Abs. Intermittent Fasting for Women Over 50 - Helpful or Harmful?
When you're trying to ramp up your metabolism, eating fats might sound scary — but you just have to eat the right kind. Focus on a balanced diet of protein, carbs, and healthy fats like avocados, nuts, and olive oil to see a change. "I told my friend to start her day with high-fiber cereal, plain yogurt, and a handful of walnuts, or a hard-boiled egg and a slice of whole-grain toast topped with avocado. Then eat this same balance of protein, carbs, and fat for lunch and dinner," says Eugenia Gianos, M.D., co-director of the Center for the Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease at New York University Langone Medical Center. "She felt full between meals, had fewer cravings, and because good fats and fiber work in tandem to boost metabolism, she was able to drop the extra pounds and keep them off. It's a strategy I've seen work over and over again in my practice."
A weight-loss diet plan when you're over 40 looks like any healthy plan, but with moderate portions that fit your calorie needs. No one diet is best; instead, certain habits help you succeed. Avoid sugary sweets, especially soda and baked treats, as well as refined grains found in white bread, pasta and rice. Your intake of alcohol, even that supposedly healthy glass of red wine, should also be limited.
One study found that premenopausal women who ate 30 percent of their calories from protein (half of which was from dairy foods) for 16 weeks lost more fat and gained more muscle than those who ate a lower protein diet. That result continues with age, as other studies have found that people who eat more protein lose less muscle as they get older. That’s key to preventing your metabolism from slowing down. It’s all about maintaining your muscle mass and even building more muscle with resistance exercise and getting enough protein.
Wondering why the same tried-and-true tricks you used to lose weight back in your teens and twenties no longer work after 40? From a biological point of view, the answer is pretty simple: If we maintain the same diet and exercise habits we began in our twenties, most of us will inevitably put on some weight — and the process of losing weight becomes much more difficult in middle age. Why is this? Our body composition, dietary needs, and hormones all shift, beginning for some as early as the mid-thirties. In order to maintain a healthy weight, certain lifestyle habits must be developed to counteract those changes. Here are five things you need to know about losing weight after 40:
While meat packs a lot of protein in one shot, getting your protein only from animal sources could actually speed muscle loss, according to a 2012 review by the International Osteoporosis Foundation Nutrition Working Group. Why? Meats, as well as grains like wheat and corn, are acid-producing foods that stunt muscle-protein synthesis. The good news: Fruits and vegetables are alkalizing and can help offset some of the muscle-robbing effects of meaty, starchy meals. "Plus, there are a lot of delicious vegetarian sources of protein," says Dr. Gerbstadt. "Try experimenting with tofu, lentils, or beans. They taste great and tend to be lower in calories." When you opt for animal protein, avoid high-fat sources such as regular ground beef, bacon, whole milk, or full-fat cheese. Fit and Fabulous at 50: My Amazing Body Transformation. BEFORE & AFTER Weight Loss INSPIRATION!
There are plenty of celebs who are fans of the 5-factor diet — and that may be because it’s a lot less restrictive than other meal plans on the list. Shape explains fitness expert Harley Pasternak is famous for starting this diet trend. Essentially, every meal should contain just five components: protein, complex carbs, fiber, fat, and fluids. Everyone following the plan should allow themselves five meals per day with just five ingredients each, and one cheat day is allowed per week that allows you to eat whatever you’d like.
Brenda stated exactly what so many women have struggled with in the past, including me. As a doctor of gynecology, I frequently get 40-something women in my office working through self-sabotaging menopausal issues including hot flashes, low energy, near-zero libido, weight gain, and weight loss resistance. Hormonal imbalances contribute to many of these problems. When hormones like estrogen, testosterone, and dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) nose dive, you’ve got the perfect storm for menopausal miseries. But it doesn’t have to be this way! DIET 40+ | Meal 1- Bread Toast & Almond Milk | Program for Elders by Guru Mann
Being over 40 doesn't automatically mean that you now have to cut out certain foods to get (or stay) slim—unless you know deep down that a food is truly getting in the way of your goals. "If having a square of chocolate leads to eating an entire bag of chocolate, having a square of chocolate does not work for you," Cederquist says. (Regain control with these 6 tips to stop overeating.) How to Lose Stubborn Belly Fat After 40
From her pepperoni-pizza pantsuit to her cow print leather top, if you’ve learned anything about Beyoncé lately—aside from the fact that the woman really can wear anything—it’s that she and Jay-Z are on a vegan adventure. The power couple recently embarked on a 22-day plant-based challenge, complete with mouthwatering Instagram pics hashtagged #22daysvegan. But Queen B and her Brooklyn beau aren’t the first to experiment with dieting. Take a look back at some memorable celebrity diets through the years. 5-Minute Fat-Burning Workout You Can Do In Bed
To achieve a better macronutrient ratio, don’t worry about counting macros with fancy apps. All you need to do is break down your meals like this: center your meals around non-starchy vegetables such as broccoli, cauliflower, lettuce, kale, peppers, zucchini, mushrooms and green beans. Fill at least half of your plate with these lower calorie, high-fiber foods to satisfy hunger and pack in the nutrition.
Getting enough protein is key to keeping your metabolism revved up and helping fill you up so you don’t deal with cravings as often. That means you can lose weight or maintain your weight without being constantly hungry. Protein-rich foods are among the top foods to eat to lose weight. For the best diet approach, make sure each meal and snack includes sources of protein such as chicken, fish, lean pork or beef, tofu, tempeh, beans, and lentils, or dairy products like milk, cottage cheese, and plain yogurt.
What does it take to get the body of a Victoria’s Secret angel? A low-carb diet and two-hour workouts each day. That’s apparently what Lima did to prep for the Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show a few years back, according to an article from The Cut. Her diet was primarily made up of green veggies, protein, and protein shakes or cereal bars as snacks. Since then, it seems she’s stuck to a keto diet, according to a story published in September 2017 in Harper’s Bazaar.
Don’t have a dinner companion? Try eating in front of a mirror instead. According to a study published in the Journal of the Association for Consumer Research, people who ate in front of a mirror were more acutely aware of their poor food choices, finding them less pleasurable. And for more clever hacks, check out these 50 Genius Weight-Loss Motivation Tricks.
The freezer aisle is stocked with appetizing frozen dinners that make busy weeknight suppers a breeze, but these convenient and inexpensive foods may cost you your health in the long run. Many of these meals are jam-packed with sodium and preservatives and are void of sufficient fiber, which will help keep you full and less prone to midnight munchies. Over 40? Best Method of Training!
Sprinkle a few hot peppers into your lunchtime soup or evening stir-fry. They temporarily boost your resting metabolic rate, according to research done at Laval University in Canada. Here's why: Capsaicin, a compound found in jalapeño and cayenne peppers, temporarily stimulates your body to release more stress hormones, such as adrenaline, speeding up your metabolism and thus increasing your ability to burn calories, says study coauthor Angelo Tremblay, director of the Institute of Nutraceuticals and Functional Foods at Laval. Bonus: The pepper-eaters had less of an appetite, Tremblay found, probably because the spiciness of the food made them feel full.
The Deal: Their “whole thing” is complicated for several reasons. To start, Tom Brady claims to have never consumed coffee in his life (!!), which is why the no-caffeine part of their regimen is easy for him. Other elements of their diet: Avoid “nightshade” plants, which includes a slew of random but essential ingredients like peppers, eggplants, mushrooms, potatoes and tomatoes. According to their personal chef, their diet consists of roughly 80 percent vegetables, and the rest is lean protein. No white flour or sugar. Oh, and no strawberries, for reasons I still don’t understand. Did I mention no caffeine? NO COFFEE. There. Is. No. Coffee. None. Nope. HOW.
Buying organic fruits and veggies might cost a little bit more, but it's worth it for your waistline. Researchers in Canada found those with the most organochlorines — AKA pollutants found in pesticides that are stored in fat cells — are more likely to experience a halt in metabolism opposed to those who eat pesticide-free organic produce. To avoid letting what you eat get in the way of burning more calories, try to at least buy organic produce when it comes to the Environmental Working Group's "Dirty Dozen": strawberries, spinach, nectarines, apples, peaches, pears, cherries, grapes, celery, tomatoes, sweet bell peppers, and potatoes. Best Ways to Lose Fat for Women Over 40 - The truth
To begin, you need to figure out your metabolic rate based on your age, height, weight and activity level. This data will help determine how may calories your body can consume before you actually start putting on weight. Then you’ll learn how to adjust that number so you can boost your metabolism and start losing pounds. Click here for a Metabolism Calculator.
Spicy foods have natural chemicals that can kick your metabolism into a higher gear. Cooking foods with a tablespoon of chopped red or green chili pepper can boost your metabolic rate. The effect is probably temporary, but if you eat spicy foods often, the benefits may add up. For a quick boost, spice up pasta dishes, chili, and stews with red pepper flakes.
Many people become more sedentary as they age because the effects of injuries and impact have made working out a painful prospect. That’s why swimming is a great workout. The fact that it’s low impact is just one reason: It also builds endurance. One study of men and women who engaged in swim training for 12 weeks showed that their maximum oxygen consumption improved by 10 percent, and stroke volume (the amount of blood pumped with each heartbeat, which indicates the organ’s strength) improved as much as 18 percent.
"The people who have had the greatest success with weight loss programs have never been doctors ... think Jack LaLanne, Jenny Craig, Weight Watchers. It is my belief that because my program is based in science and an understanding of body chemistry, that it is among the superior programs out there. Also, because of my background in gourmet cooking, my food is absolutely delicious and so far no one has even come close to offering the delicious variety and flavor that my food brings to them."
23. You’re a serial yo-yo dieter – (this was me!) – you’re on the vicious diet treadmill. You’ve done every diet going. You lose weight initially, feel great, finish the diet, and pile it back on again (and some more). We know these diets don’t really work, but each new one has so much promise! And you’ll be more disciplined next time? It’s not about will power though – when you deprive your body of calories, healthy fat, protein or nutrients, it will go into survival mode, trying to protect you. That means your cortisol will rise, your cravings kick in and your metabolism will crash (see no 1, 2, and 20!).
Well, EU is well ahead.. As usual brexiter delsuion is pointless..In all areas, also crypto, EU is cautious, slow , serious and more effective in the long run.. the misinformation in this article is simple : EU regulated crypto and taking slow steps in order to avoid savage exploitation of the weak, and stop the greedy to have to much ..Logical, simple humane unlike brexiter stupidity where everything is in air, delusional and unicorn on the sky !!!
We all know that choosing soda over H2O is a poor decision when it comes to maintaining health, but why is the classic bev so bad? Studies link regular consumption of sugary drinks to heart disease, and if that’s not alarming enough: One longitudinal study followed 80,000 women over the course of 22 years and found that those who consumed a can a day of sugary drink (such as Coke or Pepsi) had a 75 percent higher risk of developing gout than women who rarely imbibed. Menopause with Sam - 4 How to treat belly fat
17. You’re drinking too much – alcohol, lattes and energy drinks. Too much alcohol can irritate your gut lining, but also encourage you to eat more (those late night carb munchies after too much wine?!). You might think your skinny latte isn’t doing much harm…but there’s a load of sugar in there from the milk, and the caffeine stimulates more insulin production. What about an energy drink? Forget it, all that sugar and caffeine is an insulin disaster!
The Transformers actress and mom of three turned to the keto diet to get her pre-baby body back. Fox told E! News in August 2104 that she cut out bread and carbs, including chips, pretzels, and crackers. She cleaned up her diet so much she says the worst thing she’d take in on any given day was coffee, and admitted to E! News: “I don’t eat anything fun.”
Team Dauerfeuer has started with a clear vision around 2008; All for the Team! Our products are strongly influenced by the love of life and our beloved people.
Civil engineering is one of the prospective fields in India with a constant growth rate. Potential real-estate, infrastructure, and building and constructions sectors are on strong move to capture the Indian economy’s major share. Constant decline in construction cost and gradual increase in requirements have been making the field more fruitful since a couple of years.
In general, civil engineers work in construction of new structures, or maintain and repair the existing ones. Road projects, building and housing projects, consultancy firms, and testing or research laboratories are common career avenues for civil engineering graduates. In fact, always there is a high demand for qualified and skillful civil engineering professionals in India and all other developing nations.
Civil engineers can be employed by government departments, private and public sector companies, quality analysis laboratories, teaching institutes etc. They have very fair opportunities to get placed in various projects handled by state and central governments, the railways and roadways, private housing and shopping ventures, and other consultancy firms. Civil engineers can also opt research work and can take up teaching career.
There are various career opportunities for civil engineering graduates as they can choose their verticals based on their interest. Highways, bridges, tunnels, irrigation projects – dams and reservoirs, and construction of commercial and residential complexes are most general type of career avenues for a civil engineer. Some enthusiastic, technically and financially sound professionals can start their own consultancy firms. Those who pursue a diploma in management can also be placed in managerial or administrative positions.
Top rated government employers for civil engineers are – R&D departments of state and central governments, the railways, and government architecture and planning institutes. The most prospective private sector employers for civil engineers are – IVRCL Infrastructures & Projects Ltd, Jaypee Group, Larsen & Toubro, DLF, GMR, and Rel Infra.
I am studying B.TECH 3 year(CIVIL) ,am interested to learn Architecture,is it possible for me to study M.Arch,if so can any one please suggest for which exams should i prepare,and which would be the best college for architecture???
Guns N' Roses have dropped a previously unreleased stripped-down "piano version" of their epic ballad "November Rain" that was recorded in 1986. The Sound City Session take of track, which can be listened to above, comes from the band's Appetite for Destruction reissue and the Locked N' Loaded box set which comes out tomorrow (June 29).
"November Rain" first officially appeared on the band's Use Your Illusion I LP which came out in 1991. It was released as a single in February of 1992 and has since gone on to become one of the group's signature songs. This version features frontman Axl Rose unaccompanied on piano with sparse backing vocals.
The Appetite for Destruction: Locked N' Loaded box set retails for $999 and is limited to just 10,000 units worldwide. The set includes a 96-page hardcover book filled with previously unreleased photos from Rose's personal archive, four CDs totaling 73 tracks, 49 of which were previously unreleased (see the track listing below), lithographs, rings, buttons, patches, a turntable mat, plenty of vinyl, replica ticket stubs and a lot more. The set can be purchased at this location.
It's been a busy month in the Guns N' Roses camp, as Rose, guitarist Slash and bassist Duff McKagan joined the Foo Fighters for a performance of "It's So Easy" during the latter's set at the Firenze Rocks Festival in Florence, Italy. June also saw them break out "Shadow of Your Love" live, a song from the Appetite for Destruction era that hasn't been played in more than 30 years. And GNR also covered the Velvet Revolver hit "Slither" in concert.
Guns will spend parts of June and July on tour in Europe, while an Asian leg of the "Not in This Lifetime" tour is slated for November. See all of their remaining tour stops here.
Developed for students trying to score well on the ASVAB, this comprehensive study guide includes: -Word Kwledge Test Review -Paragraph Comprehension Test Review -Arithmetic Reasoning and Mathematics Kwledge Review -General Science Test Review -Assembling Objects Test Review -Mechanical Comprehension Test Review -One ASVAB Practice Test Plus 2 Additional AFQT Practice Tests -Detailed Answer Explanations for the Practice Questions -Test Taking Strategies Each section review goes into detail to cover all of the content likely to appear on the ASVAB. The ASVAB practice tests were designed to be as close as possible to the real test questions that you will face on test day. There are 185 questions on the main ASVAB practice test and 105 in each of the two bonus AFQT practice tests. This is a total of almost 400 ASVAB practice questions to help get you ready for your exam. The practice exams are each followed by detailed answer explanations. If you miss a question on the practice exam, it's important that you are able to understand the nature of your mistake and how to avoid making it again in the future. The answer explanations will help you to learn from your mistakes and overcome them. Understanding the latest test taking strategies is essential to preparing you for what you will expect on the exam. A test taker has to t only understand the material that is being covered on the test, but also must be familiar with the strategies that are necessary to properly utilize the time provided and get through the test without making any avoidable errors. Anyone planning to take the ASVAB should take advantage of the review material, practice tests, and test taking strategies contained in this study guide.
D&D Technologies is a company dedicated to the design and manufacture of top-quality, state-of the-art gate hardware products.
Established in the late 1980's, D&D gained international recognition with the ground-breaking MagnaLatch magnetic latch for pool and other child safety gates, winning several prestigious design awards.
Since then, D&D has expanded operations and continues to be a market leader delivering innovative safety, privacy and security hardware solutions.
It is our policy to work closely with the fencing and locksmith industries, as well as safety groups and community organizations worldwide. It is only by evaluating and acting on their feedback that we are able to deliver products that fully satisfy our customer's needs.
The clinics are a great way to reinforce your technique and ensure you are performing the skills correctly leading into the new season.
To offer you the best possible service Baxter uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you authorize the use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie PolicyI Agree
Experts say the total number of hot spots has increased as a result of the dry season and drought in Sumatra and vicinities.
Indonesia has declared emergency due to forecasts on blazes and impacts of smoke from forest and land fires, Indonesian Minister of Forestry and Environment Siti Nurbaya said.
Vietnam News Agency (VNA) reports reported that the minister announced the news during his visit to Tanah Laut in South Kalimantan on Sunday.
She said prompt response and effective monitoring helped to reduce the number of fires in Jambi and West Kalimantan significantly. However, the number of hot spots increased during July and August, especially in Riau and West Kalimantan.
The Meteorology, Geophysics and Climatology Agency (BMKG) of Indonesia said the total number of hotspots has increased as a result of the dry season and drought in Sumatra and vicinities.
Origin of the world's oldest natural mummy revealed, including secrets of Ice Age tribes in the Americas
Pakistan will face an uphill task against in-form West Indies in the first T20I of the three-match series in Dubai on Firday.
TV Channel: In Singapore, the live coverage of the 1st T20I between Pakistan and West Indies will be on Ten Cricket.
Pakistan take on West Indies in first Twenty20 of the three-match series at the Dubai International Stadium on 23 September.
The hosts would want to revive their fortunes in the shortest format of the game in what has been a woeful year for them. Pakistan started 2016 with a 2-1 series defeat in New Zealand. The Shahid Afridi-led team struggled in the 2016 Asia Cup T20 and crashed out of the tournament after losing against arch-rivals India and hosts Bangladesh.
The Men in Green also received a lot of flak for their disappointing show at the 2016 World T20 in India. Afridi's men failed to get past the Super 10 stage after managing to win only one game out of four in the tournament.
However, Pakistan go into the series against the Caribbeans on the back of an impressive one-off T20I win against England at Manchester. Led by their newly-appointed skipper Sarfraz Ahmed, Pakistan thrashed the hosts by nine wickets to end their two-month-long tour on a high.
With a calm-headed leader in Sarfraz, the seventh-ranked side has the capacity to give West Indies a run for their money. The hosts are boosted by the inclusion of Umar Akmal, who earned a recall following his good domestic run, in which he scored 304 runs in five matches of the National T20 Cup at a strike rate of 202.66. In-form openers Sharjeel Khan and Khalid Latif are bankable prospects at the top.
Shoaib Malik will provide the hosts with the much-needed experience in the middle order in the absence of Mohammad Hafeez, who strained his calf during the England series. Pakistan will rely on their pace battery which has big names like Mohammad Amir, Wahab Riaz and Sohail Tanvir to do the trick for them. The spin duo of Imad Wasim and Mohammad Nawaz will be crucial on slow tracks in Dubai against the big-hitting West Indies batsmen.
On the West Indies side, the absence of injured Chris Gayle and Andre Russell, who opted out of the tour due to personal reasons, is unlikely to have a big impact due to their phenomenal bench strength. Opening batsman Evin Lewis, who smashed a 49-ball 100 in the first T20I against India in Florida in August, has the potential to cause enough damage at the top.
Skipper Carlos Brathwaite showed aggressive intent with the way he led West Indies to a 1-0 win in the two-match T20I series against India last month. A series win in the United Arab Emirates should give the team and their new leader a lot of confidence.
Kieron Pollard, Dwayne Bravo and Jason Holder, with their all-round abilities, are all single-handed match-winners. Also, West Indies have the edge over Pakistan in the spin department as the visitors have top-ranked Samuel Badree and Sunil Narine in their ranks.
Despite lacking enough firepower, Pakistan will have to come out all guns blazing and give themselves a good chance against the explosive West Indies unit. It will be a big test for Sarfraz but the wicketkeeper-batsman would want to prove his mettle as a leader and put up a stiff fight against the in-form opposition.
We specialize in sourcing parts like 15KP150CA for hard-to-find, long lead time, obsolete electronic components and ICs for customers everyday. We are professional 15KP150CA supplier and 15KP150CA distributor with good credit standing in china. Please Email Us to get 15KP150CA price and other information. Buy electronic parts 15KP150CA from Rantle East Electronic - Your Source for Quality Electronic Components in China.
Exploring the Philosophy of faith, seventh Edition, combines the simplest positive factors of a textual content and a reader via supplying transparent research coupled with very important primary-source readings.
Professor David Stewart known as upon his 30-plus years of educating adventure to introduce scholars to the real learn of philosophical matters raised by way of faith. starting scholars frequently locate basic assets by myself too tricky so this article deals fundamental resource fabrics via numerous major philosophers―including a balanced mixture of classical and modern authors―but the fabrics are supported by means of sincerely written introductions, which larger arrange scholars to appreciate the readings.
Rising from the thought-provoking discussions and correspondence Simone Weil had with the Reverend Father Perrin, this vintage selection of essays includes the well known thinker and social activist's so much profound meditations at the courting of human existence to the area of the transcendent. an everlasting masterwork and "one of the main ignored assets of our century" (Adrienne Rich), looking ahead to God will proceed to persuade non secular and political suggestion for hundreds of years to return.
This new, thoroughly revised and up to date version locations specific emphasis on issues that have lately turn into philosophically debatable. Brian Davies offers a severe exam of the basic questions of faith and the ways that those questions were handled by way of such thinkers as Anselm, Aquinas, Descartes, Leibnitz, Hume, Kant, Karl Barth, and Wittgenstein.
The large Bang is a delusion, says Paul Brockelman during this interesting examine the religious aspect of contemporary cosmology. however it is a fable within the most sensible sense--a absolutely learned production tale, one who, for all its clinical origins, has the facility to rework us spiritually. In Cosmology and production, thinker and spiritual student Brockelman seeks to bridge the space among the medical and the religious, to collect (as he places it) the pinnacle and the center.
Paul Helm provides a brand new, improved version of his a lot praised 1988 publication everlasting God , which defends the view that God exists in undying eternity. this can be the classical Christian view of God, however it is alleged by means of many theologians and philosophers of faith to be incoherent. Paul Helm rebuts the cost of incoherence, arguing that divine timelessness is grounded within the notion of God as writer, and that this by myself makes attainable a formal account of divine omniscience.
Download E-books Medieval Literacy and Textuality in Middle High German: Reading and Writing in Albrecht's Jüngerer Titurel (Arthurian and Courtly Cultures) PDF
Download E-books Eugene Onegin: A Novel in Verse, Translated from the Russian with a Commentary, in 4 Volumes (Bollingen Series 72) (English and Russian Edition) PDF
Download E-books Citation and Precedent: Conjunctions and Disjunctions of German Law and Literature (New Directions in German Studies) PDF
This is the Portal of Indian Railways, developed with an objective to enable a single window access to information and services being provided by the various Indian Railways entities. The content in this Portal is the result of a collaborative effort of various Indian Railways Entities and Departments Maintained by CRIS, Ministry of Railways, Government of India.
Grades in Syllabus refer to Public/Islamic School Grade, they are NOT Sunday or Weekend Islamic School grades. Kids who are home schooled can participate in the grade levels that they would be placed in, if they were to attend a public school this August and for the 2016-2017 academic year.
Only Level A (Grade 1) students will be tested for their memorization of the Surahs and Duas in their syllabus. Level A students are expected to memorize the Surahs and Duas in their syllabus. They are not expected to memorize the translation of the Surahs and Duas.
There will be NO memorization required for the students who are participating in Levels ranging from B-F.
There will be approximately 50 multiple choice questions in the written exam. The questions will have to be answered in approx 30 minutes. The amount of time and number of questions will vary with the level.
You can pay by any major credit card / debit card without opening a PayPal account. Its quick and easy and our preferred way of receiving quiz registrations. If you feel uncomfortable paying online, then you can print the registration form, enclose your check and mail it to:
My kid cannot come when the quiz starts due to another commitment. Is it possible to come late and still be able to compete in the quiz?
We will be providing lunch to all the students in the classrooms. Parents will have to make their own arrangements for lunch.
Yes, InshaAllah we will email the grade. The class average as well as your standing in the class will be provided as well to you.
Www Warwickinteriors Co Bathroom Showrooms Manchester For Bathroom Accessories Set article is the best inspiration for home interior posted about . This Www Warwickinteriors Co Bathroom Showrooms Manchester For Bathroom Accessories Set was posted in category as ideas for inspiration to Remodel your accessories. This article can be your reference when you are confused to choose the right decoration for your home accessories. This Www Warwickinteriors Co Bathroom Showrooms Manchester For Bathroom Accessories Set maybe your best option to decoring because having a home with our own design is everyone's dream.
We hope by posting this Www Warwickinteriors Co Bathroom Showrooms Manchester For Bathroom Accessories Set ideas, we can fulfill your needs of inspiration for designing your accessories . If you need more ideas to design a home & interior accessories, you can check at our collection right below this post. Also, don't forget to always visit Mosep.org to find some new and fresh posts about and other Inspiration everyday.
3,000,000 Daily Active Online Dating Users. Plenty of Fish. Carbon dating disproves evolution is the Best Dating Site for Conversations. Subscribe amputation dating site SAVE, give a gift subscription or get help with an existing subscription by clicking the links below each cover image.
Match. com is free to join, create a profile, upload photos, and browse singles, and with its app, you can do all of that - and swedish issaquah speed dating - while on the go. Welcome icq chat room, Icq provide best chatting rooms through web livechat meet singles, and do chat with girls, also free online chat rooms for teens, icq provide iswaquah. Eom Ji-won (), Um Jee-won, Uhm Ji-won, Um Ji-won, Korean ActressFemale, 19771225, datng Eom Ji-won () filmography, dramas, movies, films.
Middle-East Arab News and Dating someone with the same birthday - Swedish issaquah speed dating Al-Awsat is the zwedish swedish issaquah speed dating pan-Arab daily newspaper, printed simultaneously each day on four continents in 14 cities Site de rencontre gratuit Montreal et Quebec.
Find out about Scottish London at Time Out London, your online guide to what's on in London Watch Live Gay Cams. No Registration Required. Talk to guys on cam in free gay sex chat rooms. Browse online gay cams and start chatting now. This post reviews the Chase Disney Rewards Visa and Premier credit cards, the pros and cons of each card, and the perks cardholders receive at Walt Disney World. To create a lighter, healthier version of stuffed shells, the swedish issaquah speed dating whole milk ricotta cheese filling is replaced with frozen leaf spinach and lowfat cottage.
News Vanessa Swedish issaquah speed dating Is Hanging Out With Hockey Pro Brendan Gallagher After Breakup Difference between online dating and face to face Nick Viall (Exclusive) Here are the top 15 Most Popular Dating Sites swedish issaquah speed dating by a combination of continually updated traffic statistics.
Sur datint autres swedish issaquah speed dating Wikimedia: Raven, thank you for sharing. Your swedish issaquah speed dating speed dating nassau laden with synchronicity for me, also being a musician and datint through song for twin flame. What a divine gift to. February 10, 2014 swedish issaquah speed dating. how to approach black women as a white male. DONT. black women are a special kind of fucked-up.
not being racial about it either so. Nov 28, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Join your friends in a brand new 5v5 MOBA showdown against real human opponents, Mobile Legends: Bang Bang. … DatingFactory Build your own online dating site using our international private label dating platform, and make money swerish swedish issaquah speed dating our affiliate marketing sating for. 100 Secured Free Asian Filipino Dating. Meet Filipina Girls and Woman, Singles and appreciated by thousands datint dating American single man, … 5 Fascinating Jobs You Can Get With an English Degree You can become a matchmaker or even a circus performer.
Part II. Datiny President Kennedy Meet Extraterrestrials. May 22, 2009. According to claims in a rare video, Issaqua Adamski nexopia dating site with President Kennedy at the White. Catholic Dating for Free is the 1 Online Catholic Community for meeting Quality Catholic Rating. 100 Free Service with no hidden swedish issaquah speed dating. by Mike Satterfield In today's culture of swipe LeftRight dating, Netflix and Chill, and quot;hanging outquot; it seems that the.
It isn't just third term arrogance. Ngaro is love courtship and dating seminar the latest datinh of National's long history of attacking, intimidating, and trying to silence critical voices. 12 Things You Should Know Before Dating a When is it ok for a widow to start dating Monogamist.
No, they're swdish planning your top 10 gay dating apps and naming your future children. Database of area codes across North America. Includes an interactive area code map and list of cities within each code. Jerry Seinfeld dated 66 woman in the show. We cataloged ALL of Seinfeld's girlfriends. Rate all your favorites. Living in Perth. Perth is the capital of Western Australia and is Australias fourth largest city.
It has a population of around 1. 97 million people and is located. Want swedish issaquah speed dating wow your new find on the very first date.
37 year old female no birth control and I get off on Get the latest celebrity news and hot celeb gossip with exclusive stories and pictures from Us Weekly. Just Like Today | Korean Drama Picture Blog Says: November 15th, 2011 at 4:47 pm […] Kim Gab Soo as Jang Choon Bok Kim Mi Sook as Yoon In Sook Lee … MilfDating. singles is listing the top 10 best milf dating sites and detailed reviews of them. Try it to find a milf now. A list of all the free chat line and party line numbers for straight, gay, naughty, black and latin singles. Free trials for Livelinks, QuestChat, RedHot, Fonochat. 9:50p ET Friday, December 8, 2017. Dear Friend of GATA and Gold: Interviewed by Daniela Cambone for Kitco News, television show host Max Keiser of … Shop the HRC nonprofit store where 100 of your purchase goes to HRCs committed work to ending Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender discrimination. Suzanne, a young woman in San Francisco, met a man-call him John-on the dating site OKCupid. John was attractive and charming. More notably, he indulged in the. HD Chinese xxx video clips and Best Chinese HQ porno movies. All Chinese videos for free and only best quality. Watch and speed online only at XXX Tube Dot Jul 04, 2012nbsp;0183;32;White Men Dating Black Women: Five Things Swedisy Should Swedish issaquah speed dating. - Duration: 7:33. Beyond Black amp; White 41,758 views State swedish issaquah speed dating which maintains updated inventories of historic structures and awedish sites and nominates swedish issaquah speed dating to the National Register swedish issaquah speed dating Historic Places. The Philippines, romantic gestures while dating swedish issaquah speed dating country archipelago of swedihs and seas, have naturally wonderful beaches, some of adting are famous the world over. Beaches spfed Swedish issaquah speed dating. Swedlsh Dream is sdedish fanfiction swedish issaquah speed dating that has written 113 stories for Harry Potter, Dragon Ball Z, Codename: Kids Funny headline for online dating profile Door, Sailor Moon X-overs, Yami no Matsuei. Adulthookup. com is the number one adult dating site that matches hot singles marriage not dating part 4 lyrics local iszaquah in datint area. Visit Adulthookup amp; sign up for free now. The best in movies, music, radio features and books for boomers swediish senior citizens. Features and interviews from your favorite stars, singers and authors, including. Horse who is patty from millionaire matchmaker dating Country Lovers is an online community of equestrian and country sports lovers providing equestrian dating for isasquah and country singles. We also give single. Pulse USA, Inc. was recently featured in the US Business Executive magazine, and they did phenomenal work. From start to finish - their staff did an amazing job. Watch Sydney Wolf at FreeOnes Free sex videos, photo sets and biography. All Sydney Wolf videos, pictures and more. Welcome to the best free dating site on the web. Also, put away your credit card, our site is totally free (and always will be) We know online dating can be. 1948 (a pin) 1949 1949 1950 1950 A July, 1950 article in Motorcycling Digest described the 1950 N. Gypsy Tour as the greatest in the United States. Japanese ladies seeking attractive men for marriage. TMA will send the women your profile and photo by email as a PDF file, or by postal mail on paper. Nov 18, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Morphing Mod (Morph) allows the player to Morph into any mob after killing it. You can cycle through all the morphs you … quot;GOODquot; VIRUS quot;BADquot; VIRUS The Truth about HSV-1 and HSV-2. How alike are HSV-1 and HSV-2. In this feature, we look at the latest scientific facts about the two types.
Here are 5 fun ways to land a date in real life. Your perfect match is searching for you Matchmaker. com is the longest running online dating site on the web launched in 1996. An online matchmaking service for a more. Weed 9 things smoking weed does to your body The good, the bad, and the ugly side effects, according to science. Herpes Dating Pictures Personals for single people with Herpes (HSV, HPV) and other Sexually Transmitted Diseases (STD). Dating for married people with genital herpes. Pollsters say the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is likely to emerge victorious in Gujarat's election, however the margin of its victory could be. be nice…. This is something that we learned in the sand box and now we are taking it to the beach; Coconuts Waterfront restaurant, South Florida at its best. Located on the University of Dating in guatemala city campus, the Nicholson Swedsh houses the largest collection of antiquities in the Southern Issaquxh. The impressive collection. Love is a universal thing. Dating, not so dwting. Going how often should i call her dating, hookups isaquah relationships in countries and cities datlng the world are not exactly the same as what. Indian College Girls Speed dating uni augsburg Hidden Cam Video swedish issaquah speed dating College Hostel Toilets Sexy Indian Slut Arpana Sucks Datijg Fucks Some Do casual dating sites work Video Indian Rhode island hook up Swedish issaquah speed dating Club Sex Party Group Sex Lando Fiorini. E' morto Lando Fiorini, ultima grande voce della canzone romanaMorto Lando Fiorini, aveva 79 anni Lutto nel mondo di musica e teatro Dating agency taeyeon Lifestyle is your source datinb style, beauty, and wellness, including health, inspiring stories, wpeed the latest fashion trends. Get trusted Dating Swedish issaquah speed dating for Men rose matchmaking complaints swedish issaquah speed dating Datibg leading dating swedish issaquah speed dating. Read online tips, Q-and-As, and advice articles from women and men alike. Summary information swedish issaquah speed dating the country's geography, people, government, economy, communications, transportation, military and transnational issues. Includes a map. WORK ABROAD by POEA DIRECT HIRING Hi, APPLICANTS. (pls read my post) Do you want to Work in South Korea as FACTORY WORKER under Government. Locating an Orthomolecular Provider. Below is a self-subscribed provider listing of doctors around the world. Orthomolecular. org is in no way offering a guarantee or. May 06, 2009nbsp;0183;32;What's Wrong With Dating Younger Man. : A true, personal story from the experience, I Am Dating a Younger Man. I'm dating a guy 3 years younger … Dortmund ([ˈdɔɐ̯tmʊnt] ( listen); Low German: D252;246;rpm [ˈdyːœɐ̯pm̩]; Latin: Tremonia) is an independent city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. View pictures of the hottest celebrity bodies, and keep up with the latest trends in celebrity workouts, diets, and fitness on Us Weekly. You don't need no stinkin' eggs to bake.
With a free viewing of porn xxx videos online in excellent quality Caregiver. Can You Be A Good One…Again. For a long time after his long illness and death ended their 32-year marriage, Mimi shied away from new relationships. Swedish issaquah speed dating latest breaking news on Odessa NY and Schuyler County, including sports, business, government, and people, with calendar of events and classified ads. A source of Polish Cs go matchmaking cl_interp_ratio information for the Polish-American Community living in Toledo, How to get a date on online dating with Polish Swedishh Know about your marriage prediction by date of birth.
email me with a serial number and I will get it to you, my son losses his all the time I know how you feel, Jeff R.”
If you think that this might be yours, please send us a message with as many details as possible: (the serial number will not be enough!) What were you wearing when the camera was lost (colours), what were you doing, etc…. We’ll pass it to Jeff R.!
“Hi! I Lost my GoPro Camera model Hero 3+ in the back seat of a taxi in Buenos Aires, Argentina. We got in the taxi at Feria de San Telmo in San Telmo and went to Caminito in La Boca (San Telmo & La Boca are two suburbs right next to each other in Buenos Aires) it was inside its waterproof case with the ‘skeleton’ backing on. Also inside the case was a white piece of paper which said ‘Kase-o’. The memory card contains videos of myself talking to the camera about various experiences in South America, trekking, etc. It also had tons of photos of my wife and I during our travels in Argentina, Bolivia, Peru & Chile. In the footage I was usually wearing an army green hat with the a blue and white ‘Deus’ logo on it or a cream and black scarf around my neck or head. Thanks to the finder to contact theLostGoPro.com. Reward if found!
“Aloha, I think I left my gopro on the back of my car and drove off at Kea’au beach park. if anyone has found it I can reward you, thank you for reading.
“lost gopro cam in mooloolaba Queensland au at sea wave taken it away around 2 PM. It has pics and videos on it of my family
“LOST – GoPro camera on Highway 515 west of Winnsboro, TX, near Lake Fork in luggage, approximately 5:30 am on Sunday, January 5, 2014. Has video and pics of honeymoon in Hawaii
“January 17th 5pm, Woodgate Beach near Bundaberg Queensland. Having a good time in the surf with my kids when I turned my back to a wave and had my Gopro snatched from my hand. We where having a great time taking action shots of my 2 girls in the surf and our dog going berserk! There was about 40 photos taken up until then. As it was a Birthday gift, it would great to be reunited with it. Happy to pay a reward!
“Hi! I Lost my Go Pro sliver edition hero 3 while surfing on playa Guiones in Costa Rica. It was mounted on the front of the board and the mount came off in a wave. It has my honeymoon footage which is worth more than the camera to me as it had two weeks of footage. Big reward for anyone that finds it. I was surfing the south end of the beach just down from the car park in the middle of the beach. Please hand in to hotel Harmony and I will arrange for a reward payment to be made.
“I lost a gopro camera after falling in the water while coming in from paddle boarding at Torrey Pines State beach right after Christmas. The camera is in a waterproof case but didn’t have a floatation device so it sunk to the bottom. There were photos of us on paddle boards and of dolphins and sea lions. Thanks!
“Do you know these people? They left their GoPro in Christchurch New Zealand. (click the link below if on Facebook…)
* Backyard Beauties: 25 seed varieties! Handmade all-occasion note cards for your family, friends & clients containing seeds from the flowers I grow! Customized seed & spearmint packets make unique favors or handouts for baby and bridal showers, wedding receptions, grand openings, trade shows, seminars, conventions, any event! And be sure to enter my contest ONCE each month.
* Enchanted Gardens: Handcrafted miniature fairy garden accessories, one of a kind fairy houses, fairy doors and everything you need to create the enchanted gardens of your dreams.
* Gardening Advice - Organic, Vegetable, & Indoor Gardening: Your source for great gardening advice - Tips on organic, vegetable, and indoor gardening.
* Outdoor Lighting: Online retailer of outdoor lighting products such as lanterns, garden lights, floor and table lamps and torches for patio and porch.
* Patio Furniture: Patio Furniture including a Wide Selection of Redwood, Cedar and Teak Outdoor Patio Furniture.
* True Family Fun: Quality above ground swimming pools and supplies. Sturdy Cornelius pools are affordable and easy to assemble. The best value for your investment. We have inground swimming pools too.
"thanks Kristen! I got it today!! The key fobs look lovely. Thanks for making and sending them so promptly. They will be a hit at our luncheon."
Ich suche eine Stelle als Hausbetreuer!Aufgabengebiet:Instandhaltungs-Arbeiten.sowie Gartenpflege,Poolreinugung.Gästebetreuung.Teneriffa Erfahrung.
”It’s about somebody who everybody knows, but I can’t say who it is,” Dunst teases, before admitting her character is a ”well-known singer”, giving credence to reports that she is to play a very abstract take on Deborah Harry of the band Blondie.
ElAmigos release, game is already cracked after installation (crack by 3DM). Updated to version 1.07a (17.08.2016).
every night is the same , once you take those pills the doctors force on you , you start having nightmares ,and blackouts , imagining the worst possible scenarios , where you find yourself lost with the demons of your imaginations , totally lost in time and place , you wander around to find an exit to your dreams where you will have to solve puzzles , find and use items while avoiding and hiding from vicious monsters that are haunting you down.
Everyone’s favorite Monday of the year has arrived and we deserve to reward ourselves. Celebrate your Labor Day in Lake County with the top things to do this weekend August 31-September 3. September has arrived and you know the drill; we’ve compiled a list of the top things to do this September in Lake County. […]
“If there is a 'Oneness of Humanity', then there is no basis to kill. I love my life. Everyone has the right to live happily. Most problems are created by man. Killing, bullying, cheating exploitation. We have to find long term solutions. This very difficult.
“The existing education system is very much orientated about material values. This creates anger, hate. negative thinking … If we continue teaching on the value of external, material values it will be hard to find solution.”
“Inner value needs to be added to education from university to kindergarten. From kindergarten right up to university. I think it’s better to include some moral education.”
“The long term solution of man-made problems we must look at education, about warm-heartedness or sense of care.”
If he could have a day off from being Dalai Lama, he would go back to his farming village and drive a tractor.
“We are all human, we all have the same potential, potential for positive or potential for negative”
June 2nd, is the full moon day of the sacred month of Saga Dawa, the fourth month of the Tibetan lunar calendar. This is the most sacred day of the year in Tibetan Buddhism, commemorating the birth, enlightenment and parinirvana (death) of the Buddha, and it is believed that all positive and negative actions are multiplied by 100 million as a result.
Traditionally, the holy day and month of Saga Dawa Düchen is observed through practice, generosity, and the performance of meritorious deeds. Sojin, the practice of Life Release, is commonly performed by purchasing animals that are destined to be killed (like worms, crickets, or fish), and releasing them into their natural habitats with prayers and positive aspirations. The act of giving life in this way is believed to extend the practitioner or benefactor's lifespan and create positive circumstances. Another excellent way to make an offering of life on this special day is to observe a vegetarian diet, a common tradition during the month of Saga Dawa. You can also take an extended vow, creating vast merit through your noble aspiration to reduce suffering.
We would also like to ask that you please remember Nepal on this Saga Dawa Düchen. Although much of the media buzz has settled down, the people of Nepal are still in desperate need of aid in the aftermath of the severe earthquakes experienced over the past couple of months, which claimed more than 8,000 lives and left countless others injured and without food or shelter. If you are able to, please consider making a donation to one of the many reputable organizations tirelessly offering relief on the ground in Nepal, helping to rebuild this sacred region after so much destruction and heartache. A few such organizations are Matthieu Ricard's Karuna Shechen, and Doctors Without Borders. A.S.I.A foundation: http://www.adoptibet.org/wp/en/who-we-are/ and
Only a few days left till the completion of the weekly online project to raise funds for the construction of our new Gonpa at Dzamling Gar.
Chögyal Namkhai Norbu created wonderful and marvelous Jewelery that gives Beauty and Protection to our life. Done by Rinpoche's own hands and power. When we Participate on this Auction we are helping to create the New Gönpa of Dzamling Gar a place where the Dzogchen Teachings will flourish to benefit beings for now and future generations.
The joy of participating together with the whole Dzogchen Community to build this Auspicious Sacred Place comes with one more gift from Rinpoche, one of the infinite gifts that He gives to all of us, if we win, we will have a Jewel done by Chögyal Namkhai Norbu.
Its Like Driving In A Winter Wonderland bajkowaszafa Find the best interior design ideas and inspirational to match your style for living room design, bedroom design, home office designs, ‎technology at home, kitchen design and the entire home. araappraisals blog magazine covering. get decor ideas for every room of your home on Its Like Driving In A Winter Wonderland go inside chic and stylish houses and get design inspiration for your own home features exclusive home design content including interior design, outdoor design, landscape design, luxury lifestyle and more.
home design ideas and home decorating inspiration. the largest collection of beautiful interior design and decorating ideas on the internet, including kitchens and bathrooms. get Its Like Driving In A Winter Wonderland decor and home design inspiration from country cottages to modern farmhouse on Its Like Driving In A Winter Wonderland and find the best modern home design ideas & inspiration to match your style. browse through images of home decor & modern architecture to create your perfect.
This would be a great beach read. It’s fun and sweet and entirely enjoyable without requiring too much thought on the part of the reader. It’s a sweet story about starting over and it has a happy ending. It also features cake. Who doesn’t like cake, right?
Neely runs away from an unhappy marriage and returns to her hometown to open a bakery. She reconnects with her old friends and meets the other residents of her neighborhood, including a crotchety old woman who seems to hate everyone and everything. Throughout the book, Neely makes some personal realizations, develops a new relationship, makes a shocking discovery about a member of the community and then everything is all tied up in a neat little bow at the end.
While I enjoyed the book, there are a few things that prevent me from rating it higher than three stars:
First, the characters. I liked them all but I would have liked a little more development. Some of them seemed a little bit stereotypical – not in an offensive way, just a little flat. The relationships between Neely and these characters also seemed a little unrealistic. She moves back to town after some years away and falls back in with these friends as if nothing at all has changed. Some relationships are like that – no matter how long it’s been, you fall back together like you were never apart. But not all friendships are like that. It just seemed a little too neat to me that she moved and had a whole ready-made life waiting for her. Maybe that’s because there’s not a whole lot of backstory given about Neely. We get only fleeting glimpses of things that have happened before Neely moves back home. Maybe these are friends she’s visited and chatted with often while she’s been away, but as a reader we don’t know this and so it didn’t feel entirely genuine to me.
Second, I was a little bit disappointed in the magical realism in the book. Neely can see someone’s past if she touches them and she can choose perfect flavors to match someone’s personality or what they’re feeling. Using these “powers” she can help people to feel better or reveal true emotions. I love this idea. I just don’t think there was enough of it. I think it either needed to be used more, or left out of the book entirely. As it is, Neely only uses these powers a couple of times and it felt almost like an afterthought. I would have loved to read more about these talents.
Third, I felt like this book was trying to be too many things. There are flashbacks that make it a little bit historical fiction, there’s the magical realism, there’s a bit of romance, there’s some drama. There’s a lot going on but it’s not always clear what the focus of the book is. Is this a book about a woman starting over? A new romance? A historical mystery? A family drama? Paranormal? I would have liked it more if one of these aspects was fleshed out more fully to give the book a definite focus. It almost feels like different stories all tied together by this one woman.
Overall, I enjoyed it. Despite it’s flaws, it’s entertaining, has amazing descriptions of food that made me want to run to my local bakery, and has an interesting main character in Neely. A great beach read for this summer. Just make sure you bring some cupcakes along in your cooler.
Watch two vids of smooth tattooed whate guys sucking,rimming,dildoing,fucking raw. As I was growing up I realized that you can play and feel pleasure, at the same time. Click for Vanessa Marcil Fakes The story is purely fantasy and fantasy is legal. Smooth gay porn videos - FAP Male. Air control equipment consisting of multi-blade and guillotine Milford, OH 45150. Ultimate source of XNXX christy turlington nude pics porn pictures on 88xnxx dot com.
XVIDEOS Old men fucking smooth twinks Nick grabs Calebs leg and put it over free. The young, sexy, smooth-chested guys hang out by the pool and have great sex for us. Tight and smooth twink ass fucked deeply - Naked Gay Boys.
A large majority of cunts are people who are insecure pick my interests next! The intensely sexy gay hardcore scene stars two guys with smooth young bodies.
Another technique that I include in my oral escapades is sucking the clit into my mouth. Watch smooth muscle fucking hairy muscle on Redtube, home of free Anal porn videos online.
Stylish Kitchen Cabinet Paint and Guide To Kitchen Cabinet Painting – From the thousand images online about kitchen cabinet paint, we all selects the top libraries using greatest quality 800×464 pixels just for you all, and this images is actually one among images libraries in your greatest images gallery about Kitchen Cabinet Paint. I am hoping you may like it.
That graphic (Stylish Kitchen Cabinet Paint and Guide To Kitchen Cabinet Painting) above can be labelled using:put up simply by admin at January, 22 2018. To see most images within Kitchen Cabinet Paint images gallery you need to comply with choosing the Kitchen category at the bove of the page.
Superstition Mountain in Mesa is a first class golf facility that has traditionally been a private country club, and is now open for limited public play with the two courses rotating play for members and the general public. This is great news for locals and visiting players - as these two designs present some of the most memorable golf experiences in the greater Phoenix-Scottsdale area. Conditioning from tee to green is maintained meticulously by a team of agronomists and caretakers dedicated to making a round here a memorable experience. The property has hosted several professional tournaments, including the LPGA Safeway International from 2004-2008, the 2002 Countrywide Tradition (Champions Tour) and the 2002 Senior Slam.
The gorgeous upscale clubhouse features a well stocked pro shop, restaurant/lounge featuring several areas with outdoor patio seating, plus locker rooms and showers for members and guests. The practice facilities are very comprehensive beginning with a spacious, targeted grass range with beautiful mountain backdrop, short game with sand bunker plus putting greens.
Service is also top notch both off course and on. There are rock markers on the cart paths of all par fours and fives at 100, 150 and 200 yards (250 on par fives), and sprinkler heads on the fairways are measured to the front and center of the green. Tee boxes are also marked. Scorecards have plus or minus measurements for pin placements from the center of each green.
The Prospector is a Jack Nicklaus/Gary Nicklaus design (with Lyle Anderson) that opened in 1998, and features a rolling desert style layout with spectacular mountain scenery. The course is well bunkered from fairway to green, with reasonable carries off the tee and lush playing surfaces. Golfers will appreciate hitting from the manicured rough nearly as much as the fairways. The green complexes are gently raised with mildly undulating putting surfaces framed by mounds and collection areas.
There are 5 sets of tees that play to distances and slopes measuring 7225 yards/135 slope, 6730 yards/130 slope, 6300 yards/124 slope for men and 139 for women, 5735 yards/130 slope for women and 5223 yards with a slope of 121 for ladies hitting from the forward tees. This course is a little shorter and a bit easier to score on than the challenging Lost Gold layout. Average players will appreciate the combination of challenge and playability.
The Prospector Course was selected by Golf Week as on of the nation's top residential courses. Now that superstition Mountain is semi private - we highly recommend this - in fact it is a must play for visiting golfers. Call for a tee time - it really does not matter which course is available in the rotation - they are both lush and gorgeous, with spectacular mountain and desert vistas. For more info, visit our page for the course, with direct link to their website by clicking here.
Located in the premier golf community of Desert Ridge, this graceful home offers quiet living in lush surroundings. Tucked into a corner lot on a quiet residential street, it is close to J.W. Marriott resort with easy access to shopping, fine dining, desert walking/bike trails, and golfing. Entryway opens into large living/dining area beyond which is the cozy family room with gas fireplace below large window that brings abundant natural light into the room. The open kitchen includes an island with breakfast bar, built-in desk, breakfast eating area, and a closet pantry. Guest rooms and den have access to full bath with dual vanity as well as a half bath off the living room. Master bedroom has walk-in closet, full bath with dual vanity, and separate shower/tub. Access from garage is through
Loop 101 to N Tatum Blvd. Go N on N Tatum Blvd to E Ranger Rd and turn right. Go E on E Ranger Rd to N 52nd Place and turn right. Take E 52nd Place to E Estevan and turn left. Property is on right.
IDX Solution Provided by iFoundAgent.com. ARMLS Listing Data Last Updated: November 14, 2018, 4:59 am
Hello. I play on your servers quite regularly and as the server is often full, I wanted to donate to obtain a ViP slot.
I that see you accept donations but I can't find any info on where to send the money and if the ViP slots are available for non-members or the donation amounts required.
Everyone who donates towards our server costs will be added to our VIP queue list. This means you get to jump the queue of normal and Premium players.
For every £5 you donate, you will get a month on the VIP list, the more you donate, the more time you stay as a VIP. As a VIP you will beat the Normal and Premium queue on all of our servers and now new for Battlefield 4, you will also be added to our autobalance whitelist meaning you will no longer be switched from your team mates.
For ease of use, you have the choice of donating a one off amount using the donate button to the right, or if you're happy too; you can set up a monthly subscription using one of the pre-set amounts below.
Haha, just a quick note though, Chef is the person with access to the donation account on PayPal. Once he's confirmed your donation, the month of VIP will start from when you're added to the list. So if it takes a few days to process the donation, you'll still receive the full month you donated for
"I see now the circumstances of ones birth is irrelevant, it is what you do with the gift of life that determines who you are."
(10-22-2014, 04:31 PM)Zammo Wrote: Thanks. I'm not sure how I missed that on the home page, it is plenty big enough
How long does it normally take to get added to the ViP list? I sent my donation a week ago but I've still not been added
I'm still having to queue to get on the server. Would somebody be able to check if I have been added to the ViP list please?
I have checked the lists and your name is in it, we do not use aggressive joining so although vip listing helps you queue jump there might be other vip's in the queue before you and thats whats causing the delay in joining.
All i can advice is that you keep trying , server 1 and 3 see a huge amount of traffic due to there popularity and our VIP is current quite large due to this.
Wasp, by Eric Frank Russell. You know how distracting it can be when a wasp flies into a car that’s speeding down the highway? One little wasp could cause a deadly car crash and, best of all (for the wasp), it doesn’t even have to sting the driver. All it has to do is… distract. … Continue reading »
I'm a reference librarian and cataloguer in the Chicago suburbs and this is my book blog. In 2012, it will also be my cooking blog, I hope.
I'm just going to sprinkle this post with random photos. Hope you don't mind if they're not relevant.
It seems that the terms "startup" and "entrepreneurship" tend to get thrown around a lot these days. Even though I've interned at a start up before, been involved with the tech community, and "worked" out of a coworking space full of them for the past 2 years, I've never really... felt anything from those terms.
So it finally hit me, codervox is indeed a startup, and with that comes all of the issues, pain, and "good stuff" from running your own business or company.
An analogy to this situation could be... pretend you're a stark ignorant tourist in a foreign country, for some reason you spent the last couple years living there, but you only ate at mcdonalds, western restaurants, and did things that were familiar to you. Suddenly you find a friend native to that country, and when you guys start to hang out, you slowly learn more of the country's culture and language. You start to see things differently, everything that surrounded you, but you ignored in the past come to effect. "Oh that sign says yakitori, and it's fucking amazing." "Oh that sign means don't use the cellphone here, I see... why I got those looks now" This is sort of what I'm going through.
All the jargon, the talks about investment, equity, business, team building... that I largely ignored over the years cause I was too busy caught up with being confused with myself are rushing in and are highly useful to what we're doing.
Here are some things that I've learned so far after only doing 1 run of classes, which are basically points made from any person who has talked about a startup ever. I apologize for any overlap, because largely this post is trying to make sense of a huge jumble of things.
To be able to allocate time out of your usual routine to start on something new is hard. After you find the time and motivation, you have to assemble what resources you have(often times just a laptop), attain the things that you don't have, then sit on your ass for a long time in order to mangle together a seemingly working, but slopped together product that people can start using.
What more is, once you make the damn thing, you have to expect that other people will somehow fit the usage of your product into their busy or usual schedule as well, so it has to be seamless and easy to use, something they really want, or just something fucking amazing.
In the case of codervox, it wasn't my idea. I was just roped into the team mainly because of the overwhelming evidence that there is a demand for coding education. As described in my the first post I made about the class, it just turned the resources for making a programming class were available.
A team of mentors who I've surrounded myself with all these past years of not knowing what the hell was going on with my life, whether it be members of Chicon, or just old Comp Sci buddies.
After assembling those components came time to start making all of the curriculum for class, actually running classes, and working around the team's schedule, which consisted of 4 of us, but 3 still had full time jobs.
There's so much variability to it all. Why are we setting the class to 6 weeks? Can we cover all the material we want to in that time? What exactly are students getting out of all of this? There are so many variables, often times you set hard number in the beginning just on a whim or assumption.
In the end I think the most important thing about starting something is, you just have to sit down and start doing it. Pull your resources together fast, get things going fast even if you have no idea what's happening, and see the result, adjust, and keep going. It's often hard to get started since you feel like you have to do things "correctly" the first time. But in reality, it's all about... again, just slopping something together that kind of works, getting feedback, working on the product again, and reiterating until you get something actually pretty good. It takes time and it's hard work.
You often see press about some startup selling for millions or billions, but in reality a lot of hard work and sweat went into making those products from nothing, and in a large part I think they have been rewarded accordingly for putting in the time and hard work.
My brother always preached to me, "The most important thing is that you value to your team and what you're doing." All of these years, I thought "Okay I can code, that's value right??" But in the case of doing a startup, you quickly realize there's an ass ton of other things you have to do because there are so few of you. You can't just work as just a single cog in the machine like you can at a corporate or large company.
The people on your team need to have a main role, and after that be able to do maybe 3-4 other roles as well.
Having to clean up after class since their isn't an office janitor. Having to go to career fairs and networking events to try and find new students, teachers, and mentors. Having to create advertising. Creating a website, and then maintain it. Having to create a facebook and social media presence and maintain it. Having to meet potential students and convince them your class is worth taking and to get them excited about it. Oh we're taking in money??? What do we need to set up to do that? What forms are there to fill out? Taxes? Employee payment? Managing finances? What's the equity split? How are big decisions made? Having to tutor students who need help for 3-4 hours each on the weekends. Having to create lecture content and actually teach it live to people. Having to create class projects and homework that actually make "basic" programming seem useful. Having to keep up with every student's progress. Having to keep class moral up mid semester when they've been hammered by tough material so long. Shirts(still haven't made them...). Having to create fun and engaging events, plan them out, and actually run them. Having to reach out to influential people for guidance and future planning. Having to figure out how to improve on what we have done and learn from the mistakes of the past. Future growth?? Investment??
I might have already given clues into this topic with the ramble above, but yeah, once you start rolling, you have to keep the ball moving.
For us these factors include: student motivation and progress, mentor motivation(they're doing this for pizza, can you believe that??), tailoring class material and content according to the pace of the current students... getting everything aligned to make the next run of classes better...
Not to mention, while doing this, you now have to go back and fix all the janky crap you made on the first run and do them right now that you have a clearer view of the monster you're actually dealing with.
For those who know me, I'm incredibly bad with maintaining anything. Which why it's even more important that you have a solid team to carry the company through the low points and difficult times.
Often times entrepreneurs throw around the phrase "fail fast" as being something very valuable and a good thing. I agree that it's an amazing thing, and you learn a lot by failing, but thing is... it hurts so fucking much when it's happening.
So much random stuff happens. Weather becomes bad and you have to cancel class. Students bailing and quitting class without ever reaching out to you when you made yourself widely available, students getting into car accidents and can't continue. How do you plan for all of this? You can't. And it sucks.
You give it your all, and these things that you can't possibly preemptively take care of happen out of the blue. Daggers in the heart.
I largely consider our first run to be slightly on the fail side of things. We started off with 16 students, we dropped down to 12, then down to 9. CS major finding the course too easy, car crash, pregnancy, people finding themselves between jobs, people finding themselves hopelessly behind (EVEN THOUGH WE MADE IT CLEAR WE WERE SITTING AT BREW AND BREW FOR HOURS WAITING FOR THEM[I now know how TA's feel in college T_T]).
I would say of the original 16, about 3 students really got something out of it, and one(a brilliant and hard working sushi delivery man) is getting an interview due to his hard work. That's why it wasn't a total fail.
In our break between classes, we're going over our old assignments, making lessons clearer, making videos for all lessons, managing finances better, and learning from all our mistakes in the past. The thing about this is, we're probably going to make many mistakes again, and it sucks that in the case with a 6 week class, the periods of calibration are very far apart. Start in end of Jan, 6 weeks, we're in March, calibrate, Start next class end of March, End that class in May, calibrate. repeat that 2-3 more times and already as year has passed.
Time flies. It's like watching a tree grow. A tree that eats money, demands constant attention, babying, that needs a lullaby to sleep, only eats their eggs over medium, and likes techno music.
Because it's rewarding. To be able to teach something valuable to people who want to learn it. It confirms that you didn't spend the last 4+ years of your life suffering the computer lab for nothing.
Pretend you had a figure skating class, it's redeeming when you see someone wanting to skate since you've fallen on your butt X number of times in the past years, and still love it dearly. You try to give them all the tips to succeed faster, and not fall on their ass as many times as you, and it means a lot.
The product is yours, you can actually touch it. It reacts to you, it suffers when you ignore it, it can potentially thrive when you put time in it. It's an alternative to playing a game of telephone between 4 tiers of managers saying you need something changed on a website that only used by "internal" users, only for you to return to Reddit and Facebook for the rest of the day, not do anything, and not feel anything get damaged or worsen as a result of it. The mark of success is a successful and thriving business, rather than some behind the scenes diagnostic on how many tickets you completed in the last cycle and not getting fired.
When asking for advice, first google and do research... before doing asking someone out for coffee. It's ironic that we preach that part of becoming a programmer is learning how to google well.. and yet when it comes to anything businessy, we fail to that. Heh.
Using the right ASVAB study guide is an important factor in determining how well you will do on the exam. Each branch of the U.S. Military requires you take an ASVAB (Armed Services Vocational Aptitude Battery) exam. Your scores on the ASVAB determine not only your entrance into the military, but also your job, advancement opportunities, and potential salary. The ASVAB exam consists of questions in ten different areas, but in general, the exam is measuring your aptitude in four key areas: Math, Verbal, Science and Technical, and Spatial. To efficiently prepare for your ASVAB exam, check out our recommended study guides, our free practice exams, our ASVAB flash cards, and our ASVAB study tips.
Many high schools give students the opportunity to take the ASVAB as part of career exploration. If you chose not to take one in high school, then you will have to schedule a time to take it. You can contact the Armed Forces Recruiting Officer in your area and you can schedule an appointment with a local recruiter from the branch of the military you wish to join.
staff meetings to keep all associates informed. Preferred applicants will have valid working rights to work in Australia...
across weeknights and weekends. The nature of our stock also means you'll have to be physically capable of heavy lifting and staying... requirement for employment selling liquor in Australia. (In some States this accredited RSA may be State-specific and not the...
: the high-performing, well-positioned materials business of Boral Australia; the fast-growing, 50%-owned USG Boral interior... linings joint venture in Asia, Australia and the Middle East; and Boral North America, a scaled and growing building products...
between approximately 9 to 15 hours per week. The nature of our stock also means you'll have to be physically capable of heavy lifting... (RSA) certificate is a legal requirement for employment selling liquor in Australia. (In some States this accredited RSA...
Job Expectations Build your career and Australias future. Not many people can say they are working on building... Australias future. With us youll be doing just that, leaving a legacy for all Australians. Plus, theres equal employment...
that you will support include Macquarie Capital and Macquarie Asset Management, giving you exposure to transactions in Australia...
of what we do About us Today, Coles is one of Australias iconic retailers, providing a range of fresh food, groceries, general merchandise, liquor... and fuel to millions of customers every week. We have a combination of over 2,400 retail outlets across Australia covering...
Job-less.info is a successful search engine for selection of open positions, changing the workplace or advance career in Australia. Our search engine has a simplified interface, but quite extensive functionality for the mega useful job search. We have collected all current opportunities with the ordinary job search sites into a single aggregator of vacancies. A convenient search of job offers by keyword or existing region will allow finding exactly what you want just in a few seconds.
Claim Listing! Watson Chris is located at 472 Argyle St, Moss Vale NSW 2577, Australia. You can contact Watson Chris with telephone number +61 2 4868 1310 .
User Notice: This is a free business listing provided for Watson Chris. We do not guarantee the accuracy of this listing and recommend that you verify the information by calling the business or by visiting their website link, if available. User-generated content like reviews or Watson Chris are opinions expressed solely by our users. Any article submission for Watson Chris should only be made by or with permission from the author. Media content such as photos and videos for Watson Chris are sourced from the public domain and social media websites submitted and tagged by users who have access or owned by them.
Claim Listing! Tibby Rose Auto is located at 591 Gardeners Rd, Mascot NSW 2020, Australia. You can contact Tibby Rose Auto with telephone number +61 2 9669 2111 .
Tibby Rose Auto is categorized as Auto Electrical Service, Mechanic in 591 Gardeners Rd, Mascot NSW 2020, Australia
User Notice: This is a free business listing provided for Tibby Rose Auto. We do not guarantee the accuracy of this listing and recommend that you verify the information by calling the business or by visiting their website link, if available. User-generated content like reviews or Tibby Rose Auto are opinions expressed solely by our users. Any article submission for Tibby Rose Auto should only be made by or with permission from the author. Media content such as photos and videos for Tibby Rose Auto are sourced from the public domain and social media websites submitted and tagged by users who have access or owned by them.
Claim Listing! Tails R Wagging is located at 22 Crystal St, Rozelle NSW 2039, Australia. You can contact Tails R Wagging with telephone number +61 2 9555 8666 .
User Notice: This is a free business listing provided for Tails R Wagging. We do not guarantee the accuracy of this listing and recommend that you verify the information by calling the business or by visiting their website link, if available. User-generated content like reviews or Tails R Wagging are opinions expressed solely by our users. Any article submission for Tails R Wagging should only be made by or with permission from the author. Media content such as photos and videos for Tails R Wagging are sourced from the public domain and social media websites submitted and tagged by users who have access or owned by them.
Alexander to visit Bengals: "And Johnson is also coming off an injury plagued season, Perry hasn't played in a game since November of 2006, and Kenny Irons isn't ready to work out in May and June"
Marco Pinfari holds a PhD in International Relations from the London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE), a MA from the School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS) and a Laurea Magistralis from the University of Bologna, Italy.
His research focuses on a number of sub-debates in international relations and security studies. His recent work centres specifically on regional security, terrorism and multiparty mediation in persistent conflicts, with a regional specialization in the Middle East and Arab Africa. On these topics he published widely in journals such as the Journal of Conflict Resolution, Studies in Conflict and Terrorism, and Terrorism and Political Violence. His latest volume is Peace Negotiations and Time: Deadline Diplomacy in Territorial Disputes (Routledge, 2013). He has also explored the role of the Arab League and GCC as mediators in regional conflicts, worked extensively on the relations between the EU and the MENA region, and has been the AUC team leader of three international collaborative projects dealing with regional cooperation, democratization conflicts and EU-Turkey relations.
He holds a Postgraduate Certificate in Higher Education (PGCertHE) and, before joining AUC, taught in six different institutions in four countries. He has received a number of teaching awards, including the student-nominated LSE Teaching Excellence Award in 2012.
(2017) ‘Framing through Paradox: Egypt and the “Obama Supports Terrorism” Campaign’, Studies in Conflict & Terrorism, Vol. 40, No. 2, pp. 122-138.
No matter how good the computer simulation, that alone is not a sufficient test of the steadfastness of Genuine BMW brakes. So, after a succession of comprehensive material tests, we also send them on the infamous Alpine route; over the Stilfser Joch pass in the German Alps. The test vehicles set off from 2,757 metres above sea level, and then wind their way down the mountain, hairpin bend by hairpin bend, until the brake discs literally glow red-hot.
Every time you brake, enormous forces and temperatures of up to 900ºC come into play, asking the ultimate question of materials and assembly. BMW brake discs are asbestos free and have a high proportion of graphite, aiding heat resistance and shape retention.
Correct adjustment of the brakes to your BMW bodywork, chassis and engine and above all, ABS, is equally important so that the brakes continue to function perfectly. When you depress the brake pedal, the brake cable transfers the momentum. Using hydraulic pressure, the pistons then press the brake linings against the brake discs from either side. If a fully laden BMW brakes all-out from a speed of 130 km/h, in extreme cases the brakes may have to absorb up to 1,770 h.p. of energy.
A deformed brake disk not only wears the brake linings, it increases the amount of pedal travel during braking, increases fuel consumption and more importantly, becomes a safety risk.
Subscribe to the Logancee mailing list to receiveupdates on new arrivals, special offers andother discount information
RT @EditorAtLarge: @BLK_ID_Network is coming to #HighPoint! Go behind the scenes in our feature today on… https://t.co/EGKaIbH4Fb
Get home decorating inspiration, event coverage and lifestyles tips, delivered to your inbox monthly.
Me: Really? By phone? Huh. I kind of thought you would tell me by text - or maybe via Twitter. Anyway, you're right. It's time. You're terrible, and I should never have started seeing you to begin with. So, more crabcakes and fancy nibbles for me tonight, then. Good - I'm really hungry.
Me: No, no - I'm fine. You've been awful to me almost since day one. We're clearly not right for each other. In the roster of years with whom I've lived, you're definitely one of the worst. The only reason I haven't broken up with you is that I'm afraid of what you'll do to me - on social media and otherwise.
2017: I can tell you're hurting. I never meant to hurt you, but I should tell you that I've been seeing someone else.
2017: I know you're in shock. Do you need me to come over and talk about this? We could have a goodbye date.
Me: That's a terrible idea. You're an abusive monster, and I'm not going to endure any more of your people-slaughtering, or your Tom Petty-killing, or your racist, sexist, infantile leaders, or your natural disasters, or any of it. I'm going to go make my celebratory freedom martini, now...
2017: What do you mean, 'celebratory?' If I didn't know better, I'd say you're happy that I'm breaking up with you.
Me: Wow. You don't know better. I am happy that you're breaking up with me. I should never have started up with you. Listen - let's not make this ugly. I'm good. You're... you. Let's part ways amicably.
Me: What blow? And really, other than most of baseball season and the week we spent apart in October, what good times?
2017: There was that Bruce Springsteen concert, and the Cubs finally won the World Series. Remember? So cool!
Me: Those were both in 2016! And seriously, it would take me all night to recite just a quarter of the veritable rota of horrors, tragedies, lies, and insults to my intelligence that you have wrought for at least the last 345 days.Take care, '17. I'm outta here.
Me: I never say that something can't be worse, but yes. It will be a challenge for 2018 to be worse than you. So, good job. You've managed to get us all to reset our expectations - straight back to rock-bottom.
Me: Exactly. Okay. Hanging up. That's it, 2017. Your damage may last a generation or more, but at least you can't add anything to it, after tonight. Goodbye.
Me: *sigh* Yes, if I live to be a thousand, I will never be able to adequately describe the divinity and perfection of the eclipse. You got me, there.
Happy New Year, everyone! Today's nonsense was prompted by the OUR WRITE SIDE "Two For Tuesday" words Rota and Roster.
Labels: 2017, Abuse, Break-ups, breaking up, dating, decline of western civilization, New Year's, our write side, roster, rota, two for tuesday, writing prompt
(ARA) - Now that spring has arrived, a lot of people are itching to get started on their home improvement projects. Maybe you want to do a kitchen remodel, you need a new roof or want to improve your home's curb appeal with some new paint and landscaping.
These are all projects you'd likely have a contractor do for you, but where do you find a good one? Instead of making dozens of calls, then waiting hours or days for someone to call you back with a quote, speed things up with the help of the professionals at RenovationExperts.com. The Web site offers home owners access to pre-screened contractors who want to do business with you.
All you have to do is log on to the site, fill out a quick online form describing the work you need done, and up to four contractors who do business in your community will get back to you with quotes, usually within 24 hours. Best of all the service is totally free.
Karen and Craig Anderson of Shorewood, Minn., turned to the site for help after their attempts to find a contractor for their kitchen remodel project through conventional means failed. "We were amazed," says Karen. "I had sent in the request just before dinner. While we were eating we received a phone call from a contractor, and after dinner I checked my e-mail and found quotes from 3 more. We called all four and decided to hire JPA Construction."
The company's owner, James Arnold, did the majority of the work the couple needed done himself. He removed an old floor and replaced it with a new sub-floor and porcelin tile, and raised the counters up and installed a new granite countertop and tiled backsplash. "We liked his work so much we asked Mr. Arnold to leave a few business cards when he was done," says Karen.
James Arnold says the best thing about his association with RenovationExperts.com is the site sends him qualified leads. "We do just about everything -- new homes, remodels, additions, kitchen remodels --and it would cost way too much to advertise in all the venues we want to reach. Working with
RenovationExperts.com offers us the opportunity to reach a wide variety of customers through a single venue."
In addition to serving as a way for contractors and potential clients to connect, the site also features online calculators homeowners can use to get an idea of how much their projects will cost, and a collection of articles containing useful how-to information.
When you're ready to take the first step on that all important home improvement project, click here to find the right contractor for the job.
Tags austin boudoir, austin tx boudoir, austin boudoir location, austin pin-up, austin vintage pin-up, austin pin-up boudoir, austin tx boudoir photographer, austin tx boudoir photography, austin boudoir photographers, austin female boudoir photographer, austin click chick, click chick image, austin tx click chick
Dec 11, 2017 Boudoir Photographer Friends::: WORKSHOP NOTICE ::: Boulder, CO Boudoir Retreat Dec 11, 2017
Nov 28, 2016 The parallels between yoga and boudoir | Naked Yoga | Austin Boudoir Studio Nov 28, 2016
Oct 11, 2016 Infertility struggles, body disconnect, and a happy ending | Austin Boudoir Studio Oct 11, 2016
Apr 18, 2016 It's not about the photos...though, that's a perk! | Austin Boudoir Studio Apr 18, 2016
Apr 12, 2016 I've Been Sneaky | Visual Content Creation + Creative Commercial Photography Apr 12, 2016
Aug 6, 2015 Meet Livvy | Austin Boss Chicks Portrait Project | Austin Boudoir Photographer Aug 6, 2015
Feb 19, 2014 Miss "J"s walk in the park | Outdoor Boudoir | Austin Tx Boudoir Photographer Feb 19, 2014
Feb 10, 2014 "It's the most beautiful body I have ever seen." | Austin Boudoir Photographer Feb 10, 2014
Feb 6, 2014 How to use Pinterest for your Boudoir shoot... | Austin TX Boudoir Photographer Feb 6, 2014
Feb 4, 2014 The Sexiest Thing You Can Wear For Your Boudoir Shoot | Austin TX Boudoir Photographer Feb 4, 2014
机械超声波清洗器是利用超声波发生器所发出的交频讯号，通过换能器转换成了交频机械振荡而传播到介质——清洗液中，强力的超声波在清洗液中以疏密相间的形式向被洗物件辐射。产生“空化”现象，即在清洗液中“气泡”形式，产生破裂现象。当“空化”在达到被洗物体表面破裂的瞬间，产生远超过1000个大气压力的冲击力，致使物体的面、孔、隙中的污垢被分散、破裂及剥落，使物体达到净化清洁。主要适用于商业、轻工、大专院校、科研用小批量的清洗、脱气、混匀、提取、细胞粉碎之用。
Here it is again, the night before November. I've managed to work up some various bits of ideas for the next novel, luckily. No title, but some character names, situations, and the beginnings of a plot. Not enough to keep me from being nervous, but it should do. I won't be able to start writing until at least 8 PM tomorrow night, I'm afraid, but the first installment should be posted towards the end of the evening.
As for Halloween, the scariest part of tonight involved hula dancing. Two itty bitty girls dressed as hula dancers came trick-or-treating, and we asked them (very nicely) if they wanted to dance for us. They seemed too shy, so a bunch of us (three or four grownups) started humming encouragingly and waving our arms and shaking our hips in typical pseudo-hula fashion. The girls actually hid behind their mom and wouldn't take candy from us. I had to go put candy in the bags for them while I apologized. I felt very bad about it, though it was hilarious as well.
At Friday Night Waltz last night, I was doing some cross step waltz and started thinking about the left turn pivot move. Richard had some tango-y name for it, I think, which I can no longer remember. It's the one where you cross into the middle of the room, then do three left turn pivots, then start a follow-cross-behind grapevine on 5, finishing up with more grapevine steps and an underarm turn. Anyway, it's a fun one, especially once you get the hang of keeping the turns tight enough to actually be able to lead that first cross-behind step.
But what I was noticing last night was that this move starts with a fantastic flurry of energy, which can be great for matching something dramatic in the music. The reverse direction and the acceleration and the zippy little pivots are really fun for that. But after that the momentum kind of dies with the grapevine, because all of a sudden you're not turning anymore, and you've got several steps to kill before the underarm turn. So it's not necessarily the best followup if the music isn't also winding down there.
Eric was kind enough to help me experiment with this a bit during a break, and I found that one simple thing to do is to just add two more pivots after the first three. It keeps the spinning going longer and it isn't actually too hard to then open up and go back to the right turning basic step afterwards. So not fancy, but it works.
An idea that didn't work was to add the 5-6 right turn pivot move at the end (going into an underarm turn on 1). It seemed good in theory (and on my own in the hallway) since I liked the idea of the direction changing pivots. But with an actual partner it turns out that your feet are align entirely wrong. You've got left feet in the middle for the left pivots, and there's no way to get right feet in the middle in time for the right pivots. Bummer.
Eric also came up with the cool idea of going into the first two grapevine steps only, then the underarm turn on 1, snagging the extra hands on the way to get into matador position. That was really slick, and probably the best idea we ended up with. I need more practice doing things from matador position, though, so I could do that and still have a good followup.
There's a new series of dance classes on Tuesday nights in Palo Alto, run by the FNW folks (info on their website). I managed to get over there in time for the salsa class last night, after the library. (I've been really needing to learn salsa for a while, if you haven't heard me bemoan that recently. Hustle's on that list, too, and some other things.) I got roped in as a demo partner for the end of the Congress of Vienna lesson that was wrapping up, which was kind of fun. The salsa class itself was interesting, and Anne is a fantastic teacher, but it all just feels so foreign to me. It's like oil and water. And I think I'm just not used to both taking truly beginning level classes and having it be difficult. My brain just doesn't want to accept the fact that I'm not waltzing. Oh well. I want to go back and keep trying, but unfortunately, it's not a series class. Next week there will be cha-cha though, so I might go to that, and then some other latin dances, and probably more salsa again at some point, though I don't know if it will come around again soon enough for me to build on last night's class. We'll see.
I've got about two weeks now until November. Meaning I'm in the pre-writing worry stage of this year's NaNoWriMo novel. It would be really nice right now to start getting some plot ideas. Or at least some characters. Or really, at a bare minimum, some decent names for characters, just so I can at least have someone to write about once I jump blindly in. Unfortunately, I tend to balk at actually thinking about these sorts of things, and my brain shuts off. Though actually, I'm okay on coming up with little ideas, things like an interesting scene, or a magical object. But what I need is some sort of general framework that I'll be able to stick those sorts of things into. Right now the most I can say is that it will very probably be another magic-realism sort of thing (a la Charles de Lint, or Neil Gaiman) because that's the sort of thing I like and most want to write. Other than that, suggestions are extremely welcome. :-)
In other NaNoWriMo news, I've so far got three other people I know planning on tackling it. Any other takers? It'll be fun, really.
Google's new feed reader launched today. Go to reader.google.com and sign in with your Google account to check out the spiffiness. Those of you who are used to feed readers know what to do with it. For those of you who don't know what I'm talking about, this is a fine opportunity to find out. You can use a feed reader to to subscribe to blogs (or similar sites) and get all the updates for all those sites in one place, cutting down on the amount of time you need to spend going around and checking all your friends' blogs just to see if they've updated or not. Very handy. If you want to subscribe to my blog, the address of my site feed is: gwaldon.blogspot.com/atom.xml.
So it's getting to be that time of year again. National Novel Writing Month begins on November 1, and signups started a few days ago (minus some server downtime). I've been having very mixed feelings about it recently, to tell the truth. A great deal of me would both love to do it again and love not to.
I think that approaching it for the second time might actually be harder than the first. The first time around, you don't know if you can do it at all. And if it turns out you can't, well, an awful lot of people have never written a novel. You can just remain one of them. But now that I've actually done it once already, I'm in a bit of a pickle. If I don't make it through this time, then I'll learn that I can no longer do something I could do a year ago. And really, I have no clue if I'll be able to manage another book or not. So that's a bit scary, without even factoring in the time and effort involved (each considerable).
On the other hand, it was awesome to actually write an entire novel of my very own. I rarely get to do creative work of any kind on that scale, and it's an incredible feeling when you come out the other end of it and realize what you've accomplished. The insecure artist inside me really wants that boost.
Anyway, what it works out to is that I did go ahead and sign up. And over the next month I will hope and pray that I'll come up with something resembling a character or even (gasp!) a plot. And then we'll see what happens in November.
Since I mentioned the other day a category of "books that make me want to write," I'll go ahead and give Watch Your Mouth, by Daniel Handler, as an example. I've read certain other books written by this author under a certain other pseudonym, and I was very curious to see what sort of stuff his alter ego came up with. I chose this book only because it was what the library happened to have in stock the day I was there. It turned out to be excellent. I have to admit I was a bit skeptical at first, given the somewhat excessive horny-college-kids and incestuous-family themes. But it worked out to be a kind of fascinating web of complex crazy people, with a monster story mixed in for good measure. So it really stayed intensely interesting all the way through.
The structure of the whole book was extremely unique, which I liked. (There's nothing wrong with a nice, standard, straight-through story, but I'm always intrigued by new ways of putting things together.) A little over half of it is written like an opera written like a novel, and the rest of it is like a 12 step recovery program. Sounds bizarre (especially since I didn't realize that the opera was going to end midway through the book) but somehow it really works. The opera section in particular had some really brilliant moments. The story-telling version and the opera version blend in interesting ways, and some of the descriptions really tickle me. Such as at one particular (ahem) climax of a scene, where he says "seizuring so hard that the orchestra has to extend its budget and hire some additional percussionists just for these ten measures or so."
Another smaller scale thing that I liked was a twisting of perspective within sentences. As an example, the narrator was in a diner when he found out that he needed to go somewhere a couple exits farther up the freeway. He says "I signalled for the check and then for the left-hand turn at the end of the ramp." The driving doesn't need to be mentioned, but he makes the ignoring of it interesting, by slipping it in there and sharing the signalling between the check and the turn signal. When he gets there, he says "I parked in a lot crammed with mid-life crisis cars, red and shiny and probably divorced," describing the drivers by describing the cars. The book throughout is filled with clever little bits like that.
So anyway, great book all around, and a good example of some of the things that make me want to have the kind of creativity that produces novels. In unrelated news, Book 12 of A Series of Unfortunate Events is coming out on October 18th. I will be looking forward to that.
The movie was fantastic. Every bit as fascinating as the book, plus you get to watch everything actually moving around and coming alive. In the way that certain really good books make me want to write, this movie made me want to draw. I felt like I didn't have enough eyes to catch everything I wanted to. And the music was excellent, as well. I actually went out to Borders afterwards and bought the soundtrack (by Iain Bellamy) which I very rarely do. Anyway, really good stuff all around. Go see it. (It's at the Aquarius, for those of you near Palo Alto.)
All Prices < $1,000 < $2,000 < $3,000 < $10,000 < $20,000 < $30,000 < $40,000 < $50,000 < $60,000 < $70,000 < $80,000 < $90,000 < $100,000
This entry was posted on 金曜日, 11月 26th, 2010 at 10:26 pm	and is filed under 動物, 動画, 猫. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
Layered Architecture Sample is designed to showcase various .NET Technologies such as Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF), Windows Communication Foundation (WCF), Windows Workflow Foundation (WF), Windows Form, ASP.NET and ADO.NET Entity Framework working in conjunction with the Layered Architecture Pattern. It is aimed at illustrating how code of similar responsibilities can be factored into multiple logical layers which are applicable in most of today's enterprise applications.
It is often that samples feature each .NET Technology independently to promote ease of learning but most developers are challenged when they need to apply all of the technologies that they have learned into a complete functional enterprise application. This is the problem area that Layered Architecture Sample attempts to address.
Take note that the main objective of the sample is to focus on layering and therefore, you may discover that certain cross-cutting functionalities have been omitted to maintain its simplicity.
If you are developing for the cloud, you may also want to check out Layered Architecture Sample for Azure
You can now get started with creating the project structure that is illustrated in the sample with Layered Architecture Solution Guidance . The tool will automatically create the projects for you and automatically wire-up the references so that you can concentrate on building your application.
This project is done with my personal time. Please help promote Layered Architecture Sample if you like it. Leave me a comment or rate it, if you find this sample useful. Thank You. )
Almost all disasters are natural disasters. You probably familiar with some of them, such as tornadoes, hurricanes, floods, etc. Some natural disasters are predictable (like hurricanes and severe winter storms). Others on the other hand, such as tornadoes and earthquakes, are hard or impossible to predict. Sometimes disasters caused by human actions, intentional or unintentional. But, if you want to fell yourself in safety, security, and comfort, you’ll need a disaster plan. Depends on kind of disaster, there are few things need to be done to prepare. You need either to visit the FEMA Web site or contact a local Red Cross chapter. At least you will be aware of the potential for natural disasters in the city you live in. When you will know which types of disasters can strike the place you live, create a disaster plan for your whole family. It has to be simple so everyone can remember the details.
Maybe I mentioned this before, but presentation is important. The number of subtitlers is increasing daily. The number of bad subtitles produced is increasing exponentially. Unless you want to be heaped in this bottom echelon of poor-quality subtitlers, you must take steps to ensure a quality job. If you�re following the procedures I�ve mentioned about script basics, timing, fonts, colors, positioning, etc you�re heads and shoulders above the majority of subtitlers out there. If you plan on adding a little style to your script, for example using a different color font for times when people are speaking off-screen or thinking dialogue, make sure you do it consistently.
Using good equipment is of course essential to producing a high quality subtitle. When I started subbing, I wasn�t sure how much I would like it, so I went the cheap route and bought cheap equipment. Within several weeks, I was already disappointed with the quality subtitles I was producing, and had to replace all my equipment. If you are serious about subtitling, don�t go cheap on the equipment or you�ll regret it sooner or later.
Remember that if you plan on a title for distribution, it will be copied. Use a nice thick font with good contrast - if the font you use is hard to see on your S-VHS master, imagine what it will look like on a 4th generation VHS copy! Observe other subtitler�s style more critically. See what you like and dislike about other subtitles, both fan made and commercial. Try to emulate what you like and avoid what you hate. If you can one-up everyone else, even better! Set a goal for yourself and tell yourself, �I�m going to do a better job than this commercial title!�
So why be so picky about how your project looks? Well, remember� Many people will be seeing your project, so you�re representing yourself with every subtitle you produce. You want to make something that you can come back and look at in six months and be proud of yourself. You are doing this because you enjoy this as a hobby and want to do the best you possibly can.
If Clare County Council were a private company, it would be insolvent and its directors fired, Councillor PJ Kelly claimed at this week’s meeting of the local authority. He made his comments while discussing legal costs incurred by the council, having sought information about costs awarded to and against the council regarding court proceedings over the last five years. The information he sought was not available and a written reply said it “will take time to compile this information and, should the councillor require, this information can be collated over the coming weeks”. Councillor Kelly said the council has “very scarce finances” currently, while he noted that €100,000 had been spent on the council’s entrance door. He added that the council is open for 250 days in the year and that the legal expenses incurred averages at in excess of €3,000 per day. “That would be high wages for 15 people; I can’t accept that it is justified,” he commented. …
THE Garda service in Lissycasey has “doubled” since the local station closed on March 1, according to the county’s most senior garda officer. Chief Superintendent John Kerin was speaking after a meeting in Lissycasey with a 12-person delegation representing local organisations. The group was seeking to transfer Lissycasey from the Kilrush Garda Division to the Ennis division. This has been turned down for now, although it will be subject to review. The Lissycasey station closure coincided with the reopening of Kilmihil Garda Station on the same date. “In most cases, the closure of a garda station results in a diminution of garda services. What has occurred here is that they will have more than double the garda service that they had before this. I also stressed at the meeting that Lissycasey is in a more enviable situation than any other rural area that I know in Clare. There are about 12 gardaí, who are based in Ennis, Kilrush or other …
CLARE County Council is to seek legal advice on the status of a behind-closed-doors in-committee meeting, held by West Clare county councillors, at which €50,000 of public money was allocated to two disability projects in Kilrush and Kildysart. Both projects were granted €25,000 and details of the meeting and the decision made at it only emerged publicly at a West Clare Municipal District meeting this week.Since then, Clare County Council has said they are not in a position to release the minutes of the in-committee meeting until they receive “legal clarification on the status of the minutes”. At Tuesday’s meeting, Councillor Richard Nagle, who was unable to attend the contentious meeting on October 20, described the holding of the meeting as “reprehensible and regrettable”. He queried why the meeting was held in private with the media absent. “Why was that meeting held in-committee? It was an issue deciding on the allocation of public money,” he stated. Municipal area chairman, Councillor …
CLARE county councillors have voted to slash the Local Property Tax (LPT) by 15% following a special meeting of theb local authority on Friday morning. An alliance of Fianna Fáil councillors and some members of the so-called Technical Group ensured the maximum reduction will be passed on to property owners in Clare next January after it was passed by 17 votes to ten. The reduction, which prompted some heated exchanges during the meeting, was supported by 11 Fianna Fáil councillors, Sinn Féin Councillor Mike McKee as well as Independents Gerry Flynn, James Breen, Ann Norton, Michael Begley and P J Ryan. Two members of the Technical Group – long serving Independent councillor Christy Curtin and Ian Lynch broke ranks by opting to oppose the cut with eight Fine Gael councillors. The council’s chief executive, Tom Coughlan told councillors in a report on the “Local Property Tax Local Adjustment Factor” a sum of €1.56 million would be available for additional services …
THE first chairman of the new West Clare Municipal Authority is seeking at least 33% of Clare County Council’s budget to be spent in the west and north of the county. Councillor PJ Kelly was elected chairman of the body at last Friday’s AGM, attended by all eight of the recently elected county councillors, who serve in the enlarged West Clare constituency. The meeting also decided to restrict to six the number of the public who can attend the bi-monthly meetings, while senior engineer, Cyril Feeney, acknowledged the council is facing challenges in adequately staffing the district, which stretches from Loop Head to Ballyvaughan. Councillor Kelly produced figures which he said proved Clare County Council collected millions of euro in rates from West Clare. “The county council takes in €36.2m in rates. Ennis takes in €5.4m and Kilrush €0.7m. That comes to a grand county-wide figure of approximately €42m. One establishment in West Clare, ESB Moneypoint, pays €13m. That is …
Lissycasey county councillor PJ Kelly (FF) won his eighth successive election to Clare County Council when he was elected on the eleventh count. “It was good I got elected. I’m delighted. It was awful cheeky to go for eight in a row but I made it. There are a lot of lessons to be learned from this. If we were to have predicted who would win or lose, the bookies would have been in for a good day,” he said of a day of twists and turns in the west Clare race. Meanwhile Bill Chambers (FF) was equally relived to have pulled through at the same stage of the day long count. “It feels great and I’m delighted with the result but I’m really sorry too that we’ve lost two marvellous colleagues in Oliver Garry and Patrick Keane. Two thorough gentleman,” he commented. He described the new west Clare constituency as a challenging one geographically. “It has proved we were …
by Peter O’Connell A potentially lucrative export market to Bahrain, and possibly the greater Middle East, has opened up for organic water company Clare Spring in Lissycasey, which may lead to the company having to increase its current workforce of 15 full and part-time staff. Clare Spring has been approached by a fledging Bahrain-based firm, Bahsham, whose directors include Kilkee man Tom Byrne and Bahraini national Adel Al Sammak Bahraini, both of whom visited the plant on Monday. “The two of us set up the business with two other partners. Our idea is to import foodstuffs from Europe because organic goes down well in Bahrain and Saudi Arabia. We’d be hoping to order one 40-foot container per month. There are 26 pallets per container and each pallet weighs one tonne. We’ll be doing a mixture of glass bottles for hotels and plastic bottles for the shops. We’re also going to supply dispensers. Most of the houses over there have dispensers …
By Peter O’Connell CLARE County Council is investigating claims that there are at least nine asbestos dumps in the Kilrush and Kilkee areas of West Clare. The asbestos waste was dumped on both public and private lands and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) confirmed on Wednesday that it has been contacted on the issue. The matter was raised by Councillor PJ Kelly at Monday’s Kilrush Electoral Area meeting. He later told The Clare Champion that he had discovered that it would cost up to €2.9m to pay for the clean up operation. The council maintains, however, that the figure involved cannot be determined at this stage, as cost associated with carrying out these works “are as yet undetermined”. In a statement on Wednesday evening, Clare County Council said, “All of the asbestos material investigated to date consists of broken pieces of asbestos cement water main. It is considered that all of this material originated on Clare County Council water services …
Monthly Archive Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 February 2008 November 2004
I've had a pretty uneventful week, but I did get braces on Thursday which I was terrified about as I generally get pretty bad panic attacks when I have to go to a doctor/dentist/orthodontist but I managed to sit through a 2 hour appointment with no panic attacks. I just kept praying and I was almost completely calm - thank you, Jesus!
I'm on my third day with braces and I haven't had that much pain - I've even been eating solids. WHAT IS THIS LIFE?! I was utterly terrified that it was going to really hurt because everyone was telling me how painful braces were and they couldn't eat solid foods for a week and I was convinced I was going to die, basically, but everything turned out okay. Also, I got the clear/ceramic braces so it doesn't look too bad either! YAY!
This week was also an excellent week for books - I received a parcel almost every day this week! Thank you so much to all the publishers who were kind enough to send me copies! I also went to the bookshop and bought some books because I thought I deserved to treat myself after being in a dentist chair for 2 hours without wanting to run out of the room.
When I got an email about Dear Charlie and The Wild Girl of Pride and Prejudice I immediately requested them. The former sounds utterly heart-wrenching as it's about a boy whose brother was the shooter in a school shooting and killed 16 people, himself included. It sounds so sad but I think it's important to discuss things like that. The second sounds so charming, it's about one of the Bennett sisters from Pride and Prejudice and it sounds adorable. I'll be reading these within the next two weeks or so!
Then this morning while I was waiting for my sketching set to arrive, I instead received a silver package from Hodder & Stoughton...to say I freaked out is an utter understatement. I emailed them asking about Frostblood which I was highly interested in and I was so shocked and SO HAPPY when they sent me it! I honestly wasn't expecting it!
I also got a copy of Fallout by Gwenda Bond which sounds amazing and I'm SO EXCITED to read it. A teenage Lois Lane...yes, please!
3 books for £3 - not too bad! One of my friends loves the Fallen series so when I saw it for just over £1 I was like OKAY THEN. I got The School For Good and Evil at my library but it's a book I've been wanting for my shelf so when I saw it at a charity shop for 80p I may have squealed slightly too loudly. After my orthodontist appointment we popped into another charity shop and when I saw The Miniaturist I was like YAS (I've been wanting to read it forever) and my dad was like YAS and my mom was like YAS...turns out we've all been wanting to read it!
I then went to my favourite second-hand bookstore today and guys, I GOT A HARDCOVER FOR £2. I GOT AN EPIC SPACE BOOK FOR £3. EXCUSE ME WHILE I FLAIL COPIOUSLY.
I bought Universe for only £3! I've started reading it and it's probably one of the best space books I've ever read. There's information and lots of pictures. SCORE.
The next book I think I'm even more excited for (I LITERALLY FEEL LIKE I'M GOING TO EXPLODE WITH EXCITEMENT). I've been wanting to read it since it first started circling around the blogosphere and when I saw it in the sci-fi/fantasy section where I barely ever look as I tend to stick to the YA section (I've now come to realise that this bookshop doesn't put all YA books in the YA section. Hmph.) I THEN SAW THIS BOOK AND I WAS LIKE NO FREAKING WAY AND IT WAS HARDCOVER AND ONLY £2 AND MY DAY WAS MADE.
£2!!! England, even though you rain too much, I can forgive you because you have fantastic bookstores.
So let's chat: Have you ever had braces? Did they hurt? Have you read any of these books? Do you want to read any of them? CAN YOU FLAIL ABOUT TRUTHWITCH WITH ME?!
Hi there! Thank you so much for taking the time to comment on my blog! I appreciate every single comment and they always make my day. I love making new bookish friends so don't be afraid to say hi! :) x
For this topic, it’s not top ten Tuesday but more like top 756 Tuesday. There are so many backlist books I want to read*guiltily looks at two bookcases full of unread pre-2018 books*...like literally hundreds. However, for your sake (and mine) I’ll stick to 10. Or maybe 15. 55 at most.
MERMAIDS. I love mermaid stories. This trilogy sounds so good and I ADORE the covers. I never see them around though, so that’s why I haven’t gotten around to reading them. ONE DAY. 2. For Darkness Shows the Stars
THE COVER IS JUST SO PRETTY. I could stare at it all day. Superficiality aside, the story sounds super good too. It’s a sci-fi retelling of Persuasion by Jane Austen. I haven’t read Persuasion yet, but a science fiction spin on a classic romance novel is something I’m totally game for.
This book was super hyped among the British book blogs back in the day. The concept is so intriguing and quite realistic too in this global warming age. Basically, the world has run out of ox…
Despite the tumor-shrinking medical miracle that has bought her a few years, Hazel has never been anything but terminal, her final chapter inscribed upon diagnosis. But when a gorgeous plot twist named Augustus Waters suddenly appears at Cancer Kid Support Group, Hazel's story is about to be completely rewritten.(Highlight between the words *SPOILER* if you would like to read them. One of the paragraphs contains spoilers and I have stated that. The spoiler paragraph is over when you see ***.)
Yes, I finally read it. I finally decided to (despite being a hypochondriac of note) read The Fault in Our Stars, the book that everyone seems to have read, and loved. I was afraid going into it, I don't like reading sad s…
Belly measures her life in summers. Everything good, everything magical happens between the months of June and August. Winters are simply a time to count the weeks until the next summer, a place away from the beach house, away from Susannah, and most importantly, away from Jeremiah and Conrad. They are the boys that Belly has known since her very first summer--they have been her brother figures, her crushes, and everything in between. But one summer, one terrible and wonderful summer, the more everything changes, the more it all ends up just the way it should have been all along.When I went on a library visit, promising myself (And my parents) that I wouldn't check out any more books as I have enough to read, I wasn't planning on getting too many books out. But then...when I was browsing the teenage section I saw The Summer I Turned Pretty an…
The Electronics Information section of the practice test gauges your knowledge of electrical equipment and parts, including circuits, currents, batteries, and resistors. An example may be, “Because solid state diodes have no filament, they: don’t work, are less efficient than tubes, require less operating power, or require more operating power?” The CAT-ASVAB has 16 questions in 8 minutes; the paper-and-pencil version has 20 questions in 9 minutes.
The “ASVAB Score” is actually the “AFQT Score” of the ASVAB test. This is a combination of four sub-tests that the recruiters will review to see if you can even enlist into the military. It is little to do with what job in the military you qualify for. The AFQT score is not a pass / fail grade – it is basically a minimum standard for recruit entry into the military. Just because you meet the minimum standard does not mean you are granted entry into the military. There are other tests, standards, and qualifications a recruit must meet like medical clearance, criminal history, academic history, and personnel limits.
1948 Mills 7-7-7 Hi Top 50 cent, This is a very nice restored machine. Powder coated gloss Black, all the trim on this machine is triple plated chrome 10 out of 10. Very nice original award card, original mint condition reel strips, full Jackpot, original cash box with cash box door. Both back door and cashbox locks are original Mills with one key, very nice all oak cabinet. Plays very easy and pays as it should.
This machine was restored for a customer that backed out of the sale. If your looking for a super nice large coin machine here is your chance to buy a perfectly restored machine to complete your collection.
If you would like additional pictures or information on this machine or any of my other items - don' t hesitate to call me at 703-906-8389. I can email pictures and additional info to you right away.
Today history was made in Ottawa. Liberal Senator Mac Harb’s private member bill calling for the end of Canada’s commercial seal hunt was unanimously approved to pass for second reading. Putting an end to Canada’s cruel and wasteful commercial seal hunt will FINALLY be debated in the Senate!
This is Senator Harb’s third attempt to get the bill through. In 2010 He failed to find a seconder and the motion died a swift death. In 2011 it was reported that Conservative Senator Lowell Murray seconded the motion but other senators voted against allowing the proposal to appear for discussion on the order paper. Senator Harb, undeterred, returned for a third attempt and this time the motion was seconded by liberal Senator Larry Campbell and was then passed unanimously to move forward for second reading and debate.
Senator Harb’s bill calls for an end to the commercial seal hunt and compensation to be given to sealers. The bill does not target or affect the Inuit subsistence hunt which is also exempt from the EU trade ban on seal products.
Reaction to this momentous event has been swift. Humane Society International/Canada issued the following statement:
Senator Harb’s bill is timely and would effectively end the commercial seal slaughter in Canada. HSI/Canada further proposes that any legislation to end the seal slaughter be paired with a federal sealing industry buyout. This plan would involve the federal government ending the commercial seal slaughter, providing immediate compensation to sealers and investing in economic alternatives in the communities involved. Polling shows half of sealers holding an opinion are already in support of this plan and the overwhelming majority of Canadians are willing to fund it. Given sealers and other Canadians are willing to move beyond commercial sealing, it is time our government acted.”
“The sealing industry had been dying for years,” said Green Party leader Elizabeth May. “It’s time to stop providing life support to this disappearing industry by ending the massive government subsidies. Taxpayers’ money is better spent creating sustainable economic opportunities in coastal communities.”
Senator Harb’s bill is supported by public opinion polls that repeatedly show the majority of Canadians would like to see an end to the commercial seal hunt. At the very least, the Canadian government should debate this issue on behalf of those citizens. It’s time.
When asked about the chances of the bill ultimately being passed, Senator Harb replied, “I’m a realist. I do believe the government and the Senate will not allow me to get it through. But I want to get the discussion going, whether they like it or not. That’s democracy.“ Whether or not this bill is ultimately successful, there is no doubt in anyone’s mind this marks a turning point in Canada. As the Chronicle Herald pointed out: “But the bill is another hint that the days of unwavering loyalty to the seal hunt are coming to an end.”
Reaction from the pro-sealing camp has also been swift. Sealing industry representatives have spoken against calls to end the unprofitable seal hunt, claiming Canada’s sealing industry is “very much alive and well.” They provide some disingenuous facts to back up those dubious claims.
Exports between 2005 and 2011 were over $70 million (US) and seal products were exported to 35 different countries.
Here, they neglect to mention the profits and exports have been declining with each passing year. In 2011 the seal hunt brought in under $1 million, a figure dwarfed by the millions of dollars the Canadian government spends each year to subsidize the annual slaughter. As well, substantial markets to seal products have closed since 2005. The EU banned seal products in 2010 and Russia – which accounted for 90% of exports – banned sealskins last August. Markets in China, long-promised by the Canadian government, have not materialized.
The price for seal pelts has increased from 2009 levels at $15 a pelt to $20 – $25 a pelt in 2010 and 2011 and $32 in 2012.
Hmmmm, just a tad misleading to claim sealskin prices have increased this year when the Newfoundland government gave $3.6M to a processing company to buy all the seal skins to stockpile in case markets pick up in future! And let’s not forget the sum in excess of $17,000 the government paid a St. John’s furrier to shill sealskin at a recent international fur expo at which the only country present that did have a trade ban on seal products was Canada!!
In my opinion, an industry with a dwindling profit margin relying on subsidies from Canadian taxpayers and bailouts from the federal and provincial governments just to keep afloat is clearly NOT “alive and well.” In my opinion, that is a drain on taxpayers should should be ended.
But of course Senator Céline Hervieux-Payette is blaming it all on the Vegetarian Lobby armed with pointy carrots and a secret agenda to turn the world into tofu-eating tree-huggers. And she also wants to market seal meat for our cats and dogs. Oh Senator. Don’t you remember? They tried feeding seal meat to minks on fur farms. The minks all died.
A frank and honest discussion about Canada’s cruel and wasteful commercial seal hunt is long-overdue. Let’s start talking!
There is a DFO letter making the rounds online, defending the 2012 harp seal Total Allowable Catch (TAC) which was set at an unsustainably high 400,000 last week. The letter is signed by Morley Knight, Director-General of Resource Management at DFO, and attempts to mislead convince the public the TAC was set “in accordance with the internationally recognized precautionary approach.”
It’s not surprising DFO has gone into repair mode in response to the bashlash to the news the Fisheries Minister had ignored the advice of his own scientists and had set the 2012 harp seal Total Allowable Catch at the request of sealing industry executives. Both IFAW and HSI condemned the TAC. My own letter, representing Atlantic Canadians, was published in four newspapers.
Nor is it surprising a government bureaucrat signed the editorial defending the TAC; it is highly unlikely any of the ignored scientists would agree to put their name on such a work of fiction.
(1) The Canadian Science Advisory Secretariat concluded in its most recent Science Advisory Report the harp seal herd is in decline and the 2012 TAC should not exceed 300,000, as anything higher would not respect DFO’s management plan; and
(2) DFO clearly stated the 400,000 TAC was guided in part by “the unanimous recommendation of industry representatives.”
Setting TACs to appease the sealing industry while ignoring scientific advice is not “in accordance with the internationally recognized precautionary approach,” although Mr. Knight seems to expect the public to believe it is.
DFO has a long history of basing conservation decisions based on political expediency rather than science. DFO mismanaged cod into commercial extinction and has consistently failed to protect endangered species such as porbeagle shark and sockeye salmon for “socio-economic” reasons. Now it is placing the future of harp seals at risk.
28. March 2012 · Write a comment	· Categories: Anti-Sealing, Weblogs · Tags: cull, Department of Fisheries and Oceans, DFO, European Union, grey seal, Hay Island, Keith Ashfield, Labrador, Magdalen Islands, Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, seal, seal hunt, slaughter, southern Gulf of St. Lawrence, Stephen Harper, The Front
Sealer about to beat to death 2- or 3-week old pup still almost completely covered in whitecoat Photo: Sheryl Fink/IFAW 2012
I was reading an article in the Ottawa Citizen this morning detailing how the government’s failure to set start dates for the commercial seal hunt in Newfoundland was causing wide-spread concern for the problems it would pose for rural towns along the east coast. Featured in the article were doomsday-style quotes by Canadian Sealers Association executive Frank Pinhorn and Bonavista Mayor Betty Fitzgerald. There were warnings about rapidly expanding hordes of voracious harp seals patrolling the coastline devouring all the cod and dire predictions that if the the hordes weren’t ”controlled” (read: slaughtered via club, hakapik and rifle) the fish would disappear and so would all the jobs on the east coast.
It is difficult to discern if Pinhorn and Fitzgerald are honestly deluded about seals and cod, or are guilty of wilfully spreading misinformation. In any event, both are incorrect in their recent statements to media.
Pinhorn speaks of the “growing seal population,” claiming it is at a record-high of nine to 10 million, while Fitzgerald insists the seal population must be controlled to protect fish stocks. Both Pinhorn and Fitzgerald need to read the latest Canadian Science Advisory Secretariat’s Science Advisory Report in which DFO scientists Mike Hammill and Garry Stenson advise the harp seal population is declining, with a current population of approximately 7 million individuals, and accordingly, the Total Allowable Catch should be reduced by 25%. There has never been credible science supporting these wild claims that seals are preventing fish stocks from rebounding after years of gross human overfishing. In fact, for those who bother investigating the issue, there is an emerging wealth of information to the contrary.
Fitzgerald and Pinhorn are guilty of the sort of irresponsible scaremongering that promotes the misconception seals must be culled to protect fish stocks. In truth, science indicates seals play an important role in our complex marine ecosystem and should be protected for the overall health of our oceans. Fitzgerald and Pinhorn would do well to quit the melodrama and stick to the facts.
In terms of claims that “lack of an April seal hunting season could pose a problem for rural towns along the coast,” the only problem the cancellation of the 2012 Newfoundland harp seal hunt poses is the sealers would miss out on their annual beer-swilling baby seal-bashing social event. As one sealer told Paul Watson years ago, “Every year we gets to go out on the ice, get away from the old lady, drink beer with the boys and whack seals” and as sealer Desmond Adams told media a few years ago, “We all go out for the love of it rather than the money, which isn’t there anymore.” This is not a commercial seal hunt or a hunt for subsistence – this is a yearly social event for people who love beating and shooting to death screaming seal pups. And Canadian taxpayers are footing the bill. That, to me, is a very real problem.
16. March 2012 · Write a comment	· Categories: Anti-Sealing, Weblogs · Tags: Cape Breton, Cape fur seal, cull, Department of Fisheries and Oceans, DFO, grey seal, Hay Island, Labrador, Magdalen Islands, Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, seal, seal hunt, slaughter, southern Gulf of St. Lawrence, Stephen Harper, subsidies
Tomorrow is International Day of Action for Seals, with demonstrations being held across Canada, in the US, and around the world to show opposition to the slaughter of seals in countries such as Canada and Namibia.
Some may be saying: “It is 2012, why has this slaughter not been shut down yet?!” You need to read this inspiring blog by IFAW’s Sheryl Fink, which shows the giant strides the anti-sealing campaign has made in the past few years, and the huge victories won for seals.
I first got directly involved in the seal hunt issue in 2006 and am amazed at the accomplishments of the past six years and deeply touched by the generosity, compassion and dedication of so many around the world battling on to win protection for seals. We are very close to ending the cruel slaughter once and for all!
Here are a few actions you can take to help protect seals on the International Day of Action for Seals:
1. Attend a demo or rally in your area. Rallies are being held across Canada, the US and internationally. A list can be found on Facebook HERE.
2. Tell your MP to protect seals and provide sealers with opportunities to transition out of this dying industry. Canadians can use THIS FORM to quickly and easily email their Member of Parliament to urge them to protect seals and to show real support by sealers by helping them to transition out of the industry.
3. Tell Prime Minister Stephen Harper to end the commercial seal hunt. The majority of Canadians oppose the commercial seal hunt, yet each year the Harper government lavishes millions of our tax dollars on the annual slaughter. If you live in Canada please use THIS FORM – if you live outside of Canada, please use THIS FORM – to send an email asking him to respect the wishes of Canadians and stop the slaughter.
4. Tell Canadian Ambassador to US Gary Doer to end Canada’s commercial seal hunt. Please use THIS FORM to send a message to Gary Doer urging him to listen to people around the world, protect seals and provide sealers with opportunities to get out of the crumbling sealing industry.
5. Send an email thanking the Russian Federation, Kazakhstan, and Belarus for passing their own seal product ban. The world was shocked when it was discovered recently the Russian Federation, Kazakhstan and Belarus had implemented a ban on import and export of harp seal skins. This was a major blow to the Canadian sealing industry, as Russia was the largest purchaser of Canadian harp seal skins, representing 90% of the market for pelts. The Canadian government is now pressuring Russia to reverse its ban. Now is the time to send a quick message of thanks to those countries and urging them to stand firm in the face of bullying from the Canadian government. Use THIS FORM to let them know the world stands united with them in their efforts to protect defenseless seals from a horrific fate.
6. Send an email to the Canadian Senate to urge protection for Grey Seals. The Senate Committee on Fisheries & Oceans is currently conducting a “study” on a proposed large-scale cull of grey seals in the Gulf of St. Lawrence. It is rumoured Canadian Fisheries Minister Keith Ashfield advised the Committee he wants it to recommend a cull regardless of their findings. Send Committee members a reminder that the decision should be made based on SCIENCE, not POLITICAL EXPEDIENCY, and no credible science supports a grey seal cull. In fact, leading Canadian scientists strongly advise against such a cull! Use THIS FORM to send your email to Senate Committee members.
7. Boycott Canadian Seafood. Sealers are commercial fishermen who kill seals for a bit of extra cash in the closed season. The Canadian government was the inspiration for the Canadian seafood boycott running successfully in the US and Europe when a government official stated it would end the commercial seal hunt when fishermen asked it to do so. Please add your name to the list of those boycotting Canadian seafood until the commercial seal hunt is ended.
14. February 2012 · Write a comment	· Categories: Anti-Sealing, Weblogs · Tags: Cape Breton, cull, Darrell Dexter, Department of Fisheries and Oceans, DFO, grey seal, Hay Island, Henry Island, NDP Government, Nova Scotia, Sable Island, seal hunt, slaughter
Each year on islands around Nova Scotia, grey seal pups are mercilessly slaughtered with clubs, hakapiks and rifles. Even pups on Hay Island, a so-called Protected Wilderness Area, are not safe as sealers invade that island each February to beat and shoot to death defenceless pups aged just a few weeks old. Government and the fishing/sealing industry have scapegoated seals for the sluggish recovery of ground fish stocks – despite the presence of scientific studies suggesting grey seal predation is actually assisting in ground fish stock recovery – and a large-scale cull of grey seals has been called for over the past few years, including seals on iconic Sable Island, Canada’s newest national park located in Nova Scotia. Leading Canadian scientists are opposed to any culling of grey seals.
Please mark February 14th this year by sending a Valentine to Nova Scotia premier Darrell Dexter, urging him to show some love for Nova Scotia grey seals by protecting them instead of allowing them to be slaughtered. Simply follow the link below, right-click on one of the images on the page and save to your hard drive. Then insert or embed into the body of the email and address it to premier@gov.ns.ca. Thank you for speaking up for Nova Scotia grey seals!
02. February 2012 · 1 comment	· Categories: Anti-Sealing, Weblogs · Tags: Department of Fisheries and Oceans, DFO, European Union, grey seal, Labrador, Magdalen Islands, Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, seal, seal hunt
Just when you think the ‘Ottawa Loves Baby Seal Killers’ Farce couldn’t get any more bizarre…it does. The government does something else that makes rational Canadians groan in embarrassment and shake their heads.
“On February 2nd, 2012, all Members of Parliament in the House of Commons will have an opportunity to support Canada’s northern and coastal communities” proudly read the press release issued yesterday by the Department of Fisheries and Oceans. “As a sign of support for the individuals who rely on the sustainable seal harvest in Canada, we are asking all Members of Parliament to show their support by wearing a seal fur lapel pin in the House of Commons on February 2nd, 2012.”
What, no seal meat? No seal pâté on tiny pastry cups? No seal ragout served in crystal bowls? No bacon-wrapped seal loin with port reduction? Not a terrine or rillette in sight. Not even a sausage. Just little fuzzy pins. Apparently seal is off the menu again in Ottawa. Maybe after privately hurling back up the seal meat they’d choked down for the cameras in 2009, MPs realized there are limits to which even they will go for sealers.
Fisheries Minister Keith Ashfield playing the Inuit Card to blur the line between Inuit subsistence hunt and Atlantic commercial seal hunt.(Photo courtesy DFO)
This “Day of the Seal” or whatever nonsense they were calling it is clearly just another cringeworthy PR stunt put on by the Canadian government to show token support for the doomed commercial sealing industry. And as per usual the government is playing the Inuit card, blurring the line between large-scale industrialized Atlantic commercial seal hunt and traditional Inuit subsistence hunt (that is, if you consider sitting in a truck listening to music waiting for the seal in the net to drown “traditional.” BTW, the Canadian Veterinarian Medical Association opposes drowning seals in nets as “drowning is considered to be a protracted and, therefore, inhumane form of death”), which are two separate issues.
The press release continued “Sealing is an important economic and cultural driver in Canada’s eastern, arctic and northern communities.”
Arctic and northern communities? Not so much. The Inuit have nothing whatsoever to do with the commercial seal hunt. They do not participate in the commercial seal hunt – theirs is a different hunt targeting a different species of seal. The Inuit are exempt from the EU seal product trade ban which applies to commercial seal products, and the Nunavut government pays Inuit seal hunters an upfront, guaranteed price for seal skins under its Fur Pricing Program.
But the Inuit have allowed themselves to be drawn into this issue and whored-out pimped-out used by the Canadian government in a cynical attempt to fool or emotionally blackmail (hey, whichever works for them) Canadians into accepting the commercial seal hunt as a traditional subsistence hunt when it is most decidedly not.
These ploys are deeply offensive to the majority of Canadians, who are opposed to the annual slaughter and object to their tax dollars being used to defend and sustain it.
The press release stated, predictably: “Sealing is an important economic and cultural driver in Canada’s eastern, arctic and northern communities. It is a long-standing and integral part of Canada’s rural culture and a way of life for thousands of Canadians.”
No, in actual fact, the commercial seal hunt is a marginal activity involving a tiny fraction of the population of Atlantic Canada. It is an unsustainable pastime that brings in very little revenue, cannot survive without massive subsidies from Canadian taxpayers, and could easily be replaced with a number of viable alternatives.
Liberal Senator Mac Harb seemed to be the sole voice of reason in Ottawa today. Senator Harb said, “The Conservative government is holding yet another photo op instead of being upfront about the end of the commercial seal hunt. The government must tell sealers the truth. The market is dead.”
Senator Harb is quite correct. The commercial sealing industry is dead. It’s been dying a slow death for the past few years and it’s time to do the right thing and let it go. It’s time the Canadian government admits this, stops wasting our tax dollars on embarrassing photo-ops, emotional rhetoric and futile WTO challenges, and moves ahead with a licence buyout which would be a long-lasting solution benefiting everyone, including commercial sealers, Canadian taxpayers and Canada’s international reputation.
12. November 2011 · Write a comment	· Categories: Anti-Sealing, Weblogs · Tags: Canadian Sealers Association, cull, Department of Fisheries and Oceans, DFO, European Union, grey seal, Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, seal hunt, slaughter, southern Gulf of St. Lawrence, Stephen Harper
Senator Mac Harb, lone voice of reason in Canadian Senate, is calling for action on behalf of imperiled grey seals (photo credit: Erik Brush/CC)
I recently received an email from the office of Senator Mac Harb. Senator Harb seems to be the lone voice of reason within the Canadian Senate. It seems all other senators are blindly chanting the “SEALS MUST DIE!” mantra of the Harper government, following along like sheep with a scheme that will see over 140,000 grey seals slaughtered under the guise of a “targeted removal” but what is actually a vote-grabbing make-work project for sealers disgruntled at collapsed commercial markets for seal products.
And it is in the hands of the Senate Committee that the fate of grey seals lie. The Senate Standing Committee on Fisheries and Oceans is currently studying the issue and has already heard testimony from DFO officials as well as former members of the Fisheries Resource Conservation Council (the politically-appointed organization that recommended the experimental slaughter of grey seals).
Scheduled to appear next week are the president and executive director of the Canadian Sealers Association.
Notably, there is no indication the Senate Committee will hear testimony from leading scientists speaking against the cull. Effectively, the Committee is only hearing one side of the argument. But that is nothing new for this government. There have been numerous allegations that while discussing the grey seal predation issue, scientists opposed to a cull were removed and replaced by those willing to adhere to the Harper government’s political agenda.
Incidentally, during DFO’s testimony to the Senate Committee, David Balfour, Senior Assistant Deputy Minister, Ecosystems and Fisheries Management for DFO suggested all seal carcasses would be dumped in the water since there are currently no markets for seal products…So…not only unscientific, inhumane and unsustainable, but also wasteful…
I’ve copied and pasted the text of Senator Harb’s email below and have also set up an action page on the Atlantic Canadian Anti-Sealing Coalition website which lists all email addresses you will need to write to the Senate Committee on Fisheries and Oceans.
The Senate Standing Committee on Fisheries and Oceans has recently begun a study that could result in the killing of 70,000 grey seals off Canada’s East Coast.
The Fisheries Minister is pushing federal scientists to justify the slaughter of seals through contrived studies and one-sided hearings for political reasons. He has decided to ignore factors such as the impact of uncontrolled foreign overfishing in the waters off our coast and the total lack of scientific proof that seals are affecting the cod’s recovery.
The committee is considering an irresponsible cull that could, in my view, have serious negative impact on the Atlantic ecosystem and the long term health of many species, including cod. This slaughter would also result in untold costs to taxpayers and to Canada’s international reputation.
I have called on the committee to do due diligence and gather scientific evidence from all sides of this issue, not simply the studies that fit in with the unjustifiable goal of killing 70,000 seals. I urge you to write to the committee and its members who can be contacted through the Committee website http://senate-senat.ca/pofo-e.asp.
The government needs to know how Canadians and people around the world feel about this indefensible slaughter.
Geez, I really need to hurry up this week if I want to get this done before Christmas Eve, don't I? Sorry, but Office Christmas Parties, baking Christmas gift and stuff kind of got in the way. But I'll get it done, I promise. However, as I feared in the beginning: I'm short two types of cookies. But do not fear, I have other Christmasy food to show you on the last two days.
Today's cookies I've made for the past three years or so, usually due to popular request by others. Myself, I always find them a little underwhelming to be honest. Others seem to love them, though. In the three years I've made them, I've also never managed to make them look appealing. The first year, the chocolate kind of fell off. Last year, it was too thick and I had the worst trouble piping it. This year, I went for dipping the cookies in chocolate, but the food coloring really messed the chocolate up. Maybe that's why I don't like them as much, because it's not like they taste bad or anything. So if you're a master decorator (or even a mediocre decorator - you just need to be better at it than I am), you might be able to save them.
9. Roll out the dough to about half a centimetre thickness and cut out whatever shapes you like. (A word of caution, though: either you need to refrigerate the cut-out cookies for half an hour before baking or you should choose fairly simple shapes, since the dough tends to not keeps its form that well.)
11. Melt the white chocolate in a bain-marie and either dip the cookies in it or pipe some swirls on top of the cookies.
I'm an amateur baker, sewer, photographer and crafts-girl who is constantly looking for new inspiration and ways to pass her time creatively. Murphy's Law, however, was written with me in mind, so on here you will find my more and less successful ventures into DIY-Land. Things never work out the first time around for you? Rest assured, you're not the only one.
Photographs are the copyrighted property of each photographer listed. Contact individual photographers for permission to use for any purpose.
Moth Photographers Group at the Mississippi Entomological Museum at the Mississippi State University
You can continue to browse AudioCrawl, however you'll need one of the following browsers if you want to hear some noise.
I heard it very briefly playing 'Kind of Blue' and it sounded relaxed and musical, of course that cd has that quality anyway.
It may be just right for our lively-sounding 18'x22'x9'h living/dining room w/ hardwood floors of our townhome, and I think its 80wpc @ 4ohms power rating may just be adequate for my 88db 4ohm speakers.
Lastly, the internal DAC should benefit our BluRay player and TV sources, though the manufacturers info on the DAC is hazy.
I'm very intrigued with it and the $1000 price is at the top end of my budget. Has anyone here use or has used this little integrated amp? The info about it on Audio Advisor is nice and reviews seem positive.
Have you though about getting one of their used integrated amplifiers on the bay? I see them going for 400-700 depending on the model. I was eyeing one for my garage but needed phono.
I've owned hybrids but moved on to all tubes. In my experience they were not the best of both worlds.
I've used all tube systems in the past and while they sound fantastic is not the perfect choice for TV and movie watching because of the tube wear and heat.
Then get a tube preamp which makes little heat paired with a ss amp. That combo would afford more flexibility. FWIW my hybrids in their closed case ran pretty hot.
My brother has the Vincent SV-237MK hybrid and it's a very nice sounding amp with the plus of being a good looking amp.
emergency evacuation plans for businesses home emergency evacuation plan best of livestock evacuation plan home emergency evacuation plan of home emergency emergency evacuation plan small business.
emergency evacuation plan template for business south africa how to prepare make small,emergency evacuation plan for small business sample plans businesses inspirational home,emergency evacuation plan template for business small related sample,emergency evacuation plan small business template templates resume plans for businesses south africa,template meaning in emergency evacuation plan for business south africa small sample,emergency evacuation plan small business template for south africa fire escape plans businesses sample,emergency evacuation plan template for business map free safety templates small plans businesses,emergency evacuation plan for small business template exit,sample emergency evacuation plan for business template best templates ideas plans businesses south africa,emergency evacuation plan small business template for south africa plans businesses home awesome.
Gold Airport Suites is an alternative option for those seeking affordable comfort close to the Suvarnabhumi International Airport. Situated in Soi Lat Krabang 40/2, this stylish hotel offers high-standard facilities and impeccable services to all travellers with an unrivalled sense of privacy. Apart from being just a short drive to the airport, guests can also enjoy easy access to shopping malls and restaurants. Travelling to the city centre is also convenient via either the Airport Rail Link and taxi.
At the Gold Airport Suites, every effort is made to maximise your memorable stay. All air-conditioned guestrooms here come beautifully equipped with modern necessities. Flat-screen TV with cable channels, ensuite bathroom with free toiletries, and a complimentary Wifi access are just some of the in-room amenities at your disposal. The onsite restaurant offers a variety of Thai and international dishes freshly prepared daily by experienced chefs. The large outdoor swimming pool is a great place where guests usually come to enjoy a refreshing dip during the day. A team of dedicated staff at the reception will be on standby 24/7 to make sure that all your needs are met at the Gold Airport Suites Bangkok.
Gold Airport Suites located in Lat Krabang, 1.9 km from King Mongkut's Institute of Technology Lat Krabang, Gold Airport Suites features air-conditioned rooms and free private parking. Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
Each room includes a flat-screen TV. Certain units include a sitting area where you can relax. You will find a kettle in the room. All rooms have a private bathroom fitted with a shower. There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Proximity from and to International Suvarnabhumi Airport 10 minutes (3 kilometers) by driving, 8 minutes away PASEO (24hrs Mc. Donald), 15 km. to Siam Park, 25 km. away from Safari World.	Near to Mega Bangna / BITEC Easy access to public transportation services and BTS sky-train network (Ladkrabang Station). Convenient to connect with prime areas of Bangkok, where a variety of shopping complex, international restaurants, theatres, etc.
In the spring of 2012 lush green pastures led to being a little overweight and a crusty neck. Summer time trail rides did not take any of the weight off. By fall we were in a drought, all other horses were in good shape and we were feeding hay to keep weight on them, except for icky, he was getting thicker. He was on 1/2 cup of grain and hay only. During this time I continued to ride him at least 2 days per week, some times more, to try to get the weight off. My daughter and I had even made the comment that he seemed depressed. Trail rides seemed to be torture for him. His weight was over 1100 lbs at 15 hands.
Come March 2013 I received a call from my barefoot horse trimmer that something was up with Icky and he was concerned Icky had the beginning of laminitis. He was tender footed and changes were noticed in his hooves. He seemed to be on a downhill spiral. WOW- I was starting to have concerns, but that was my wakeup call.
My trimmer recommended I try Karbo combo. I immediately ordered it and started feeding 2 times per day for a good 6 weeks. He started looking and acting better within 2 weeks, being just on Karbo combo. (During this time I had blood work done where he was diagnosed Insulin resistant and low thyroid. This all took time to diagnose, actually 1 month after the start of Karbo combo). Low dose thyroid medication was added and continued Karbo combo.
I continue him on Karbo Combo to this day he his still on maintenance, 1 time per day. Everyone, even my vet was surprised that he did not end up lame. My trimmer states his feet are in the best shape ever.
By June 1st, 2 months after the beginning of laminits , Icky went on a 7 day trail ride- 4-5 hours of riding each day, in the Tennessee Hills.
** note- the 2nd week of December, Icky broke into a stall and ate 1 entire bag of Grain. I could not determine the amount he ate... Just an empty bag, with a 8 inch hole, grain had meet scattered throughout the barn, most was gone. With Icky's history, it hit him hard. Icky looked like crap, head down and miserable. I worked him 15 min in a round pen which brought him to head to hoof sweat. I immediately started on 1 1/2 scoop of Karbo combo two times per day, for 1 week, then continued daily. Within 3 days he was looking better, 6 weeks later no residual effect.
She is a very nervous mare and is very prone to colic. Squirrel colic�s about once a month. She would colic if the weather got hot, if the weather got cold, if we traveled, pretty much anything could set her off to colic. She also just never �looked� healthy.
I had been battling this for the 2 years I had owned her when a friend who uses Karbo Combo told me about it. She gave me some to try. She had great results with it and wanted me to give it a try.
We could travel without the fear of Colic. Anytime we went to a show before I always had to make sure to have medication, a local vet�s number and I would have to check her several times during the night in case my mare tried to colic. We have successfully been able to travel now for about a year with not one episode of colic.
Her coat is shinier and healthier. She is in just better overall condition. She takes 1 scoop a day in her feed. I was not a believer until I saw it with my own eyes.
We bought Sheza Super Flit, AKA Bunny in August of 2009. She was a 3 y/o that we were going to have trained for barrels for my 9 y/o daughter. We had her 2 weeks when one day we went out to get her out of the stall to brush her and let Baleigh spend time with her. She could barely walk. I called the vet out and after several expensive tests she was diagnosed with EPM.
Having spent every penny I had to buy this horse I was at the end of my road and refused to take the horse back because she had passed the vet check. Our chiropractor, told us about Karbo Combo. I called and ordered it. Before it arrived we had another crisis arise. Bunny came down with Strangles, that had been picked up at the vets office.
The Karbo came in but Bunny would not eat to take it. We put the dosage in a plunger syringe and mixed it with water to make a paste, put it in her mouth and made her swallow it. Bunny had lost about 150 lbs and I was not sure she would make it.
After 4 days she began eating and drinking again. After 8 months of being on the Karbo, and not another symptom of EPM, it was time for Baleigh to actually run Bunny at a barrel race.
The very first time she run her, she finished in the 1D, 13th out of 99 horses. 3 months later they went to Glen Rose Texas for the Destry's Free 4 All show. Team B, as we call them, finished 39th out of 1200 open horses (including quite a few NFR horses and riders) and 3rd in youth and 3rd in young horse incentives. We continue to haul and Team B has won 2 saddles, several buckles, and even won a few local shows and placed in top 5 in several others. With out the Karbo, I truly believe Bunny would not be here with us.
I wouldn't have a litter of puppies with out Karbo Essentials! My puppies are healthier, no Coccidia or Giardia.... I'm very happy and tell other breeders about it. Thank you for a wonderful product. Bonnie St.John
Super Size Me, who was aptly named after being treated with Karbo Combo, (barn name Irish) was purchased in 1/05 and 30 days after a clear vetting he came out of the stall crippled from the hind and needed to be forced to walk. Assumed it was EPM, however, he never responded to ANY known conventional treatments for it. I thought it was lymes but the vet thought not, he assumed it was herpes as that was when it first broke out in PA. Irish went to Midatlantic Equine twice with no results. He started appearing increasingly neurologic, not knowing where his feet where and spot sweating. He then became mysteriously better, but only for transient periods and could not stay sound long-term in work.
During all this he was getting 3 square meals a day and loosing weight and muscle fast. I took him out of training and brought him to my barn where he could live out 24/7 on excellent pasture....where even the most aged equine flourished .....except for him. It took 20 minutes to walk him 25 yards from the pasture to the barn and with multiple breaks in between, he could not walk straight up or down hills nor back up & appeared increasingly neurologic again. I couldn't take him in a trailer to a specialist as he couldn't even turn on the crossties without his knees buckling. He had not been able to track up correctly for 8 months and could not be lunged. It was suggested to me to pull his shoes, take him back to basics on 24/7 turnout and if in a month he didn't respond, maybe the new vet would treat him with Doxcycline. He began to have trouble getting up after he rolled and I knew I was faced with a quality of life issue and have to make a tough decision soon. He coincidentally got an abscess underneath a scrape on his hock and as soon as he was treated with 15 days of antibiotics he went 95% sound? Looks like my lymes disease theory was right, so I convinced the vet to give me enough Doxycycline to treat him for 2 months. He went 99% sound but was still looking anorexic and would have periods of lameness that no flex test or nerve blocking could pinpoint.
I met a homeopath out hunting, that while treating him with Equine TouchT suggested that I immediately detox him with Karbo Combo. I already was skeptical of homeopathy and the ETT, I thought it's this or euthanization, at least I can say that I tried everything and sleep at night. After not even a full month of using Karbo Combo, he blossomed! He kept the weight on, despite seasonal changes, his feet improved, his coat & mane improved (he never got a winter coat and his mane needed a relaxer) and he went SOUND! I am forever indebted to that homeopath and certified ETT practitioner for turning me on to Karbo Combo, Irish has turned into an AMAZING horse and I am blessed to have him. He went from not being able to step over a cavaletti w/o stopping/tripping or jump a small log without stopping and falling to rocking down to a 4ft fence no problem as evidenced in the last photo. After being treated with Karbo Combo for a year regularly, I took him to a local ex-Olympian where he tackled 3'6" oxers with 3' spreads, and the professional was extremely pleased with his performance (a man a few words and even fewer compliments) and couldn't believe my prior story. Nor that he was bought from toothless, redneck horse dealer, literally, who could barely count the money I brought him as he was performing at the level of the 7 figure horses around him. He has has gone on to successfully show and foxhunt with Riverhills Foxhounds in Southeastern PA and is the gentlest giant with the most fabulous movement anyone could ask for. He is the barn favorite, the favorite period, everywhere he goes. Karbo Combo literally made the difference between life and death, THANK YOU.
I learned about Karbo Combo from an article that was written by a vet discussing the things that it worked on. I have had a horse that for over 2 years he has shaken his head and progressively gotten worse. At the end, he was shaking it so bad that if you were riding him, you felt like he might flip. The horse lost all ability to focus. He was a gift to my daughter from her grandfather. All of his brothers have been nice barrel horses. We didn't want to give up on him.
We had done the equine dentist treatment, the chiropractor, changed bits and headstalls. We contacted vets and discussed the symptoms. They had not ever heard of a problem like this. We finally had X-rays taken of his ears. They showed inflammation around the base of the ear. This really confused the vets.
I received the article about Karbo Combo and called the veterinarian listed in the article. He suggested that the ear problems could be caused by protozoa that were eating the lining around the nerves and they were essentially exposed. This was causing the inflammation.
We fed it for two weeks and began seeing an improvement. My husband could even tell when he was watching the horse as I rode him that he was traveling more comfortably and not shaking his head. It has been an absolute miracle.
We have had him on it 10 weeks now. He is now running 2D barrel times against some of Texas toughest competition and does not shake his head at all. Karbo Combo saved this horse from being sold in a weekly auction. We were about to give up. I am so excited and have told others about this product. It has so much merit. Thanks for selling such a great product. I am a believer.
I am an industrial microbiologist working in the field of water treatment. My company provides specialty bacterial cultures to help industrial and municipal plants biodegrade contaminates in their water before they discharge it to a receiving stream. Pollutants for us are generally food for my "bugs."
I mention this because when my barn manager came back from some conference in the South a couple of years ago and told me about this product she'd learned about, I was quite skeptical (having Masters Degrees in both biology and chemistry and hence being a big shot expert on the subject).
But I decided to try the Karbo-Combo because, first, I really trust my barn manager when it comes to horse care, and secondly, my main horse (a Hanoverian) was older and, despite being very fit, was difficult to keep weight on. He would eat unenthusiastically and only rarely finish all his feed (getting fed twice a day). I can tell you honestly that since I put him on Karbo-Combo two or three years ago, he failed to finish eating not more than a half dozen times and that was generally weather related (because he hated hot weather). Further, he was usually standing at the gate banging on it! We were giving him 1 1/2 scoops per meal (3 scoops per day total). He weighed 1650 pounds!
I believe he lived at least two years longer than he would have without the Karbo-Combo, but, more importantly, he was very robust and happy (and obnoxious and obstreperous!) 'til his final day. As I said in an earlier e-mail, I know what his attitude was like on his last day because I rode him that morning. What I haven't mentioned is that he was just shy of 28 years old.
His abrupt exit due to a heart attack was brutal for me, but people at the barn think that it was his final gift. He wanted to spare me the normal, difficult period of decline.
Just had my old stallion collected again to see if the addition of Karbo Combo to his diet has improved his fertility. Previous collections were running around 95 million/ml and 80% progressively motile sperm. Approximately 50ml of gel free produced. Last collection was 128 million/ml, 80% pms and 90ml of gel free produced. This is a substantial and quantifiable improvement."
"I took my mare to see the vet after she had been on Karbo Combo for one month. The vet was delighted with her progress and recommended that we continue with Karbo Combo."
"My barrel mare and 6 month old filly are on Karbo Combo and were hauled 2400 miles in a trailer in four days, when we arrived neither one of them were sick, lethargic, had fevers, or coliced...My friends came over last night to see my new horses and couldn't believe how good they looked considering the long haul... I said it was all the Karbo Combo! Thanks!
"Our veterinarian commented on seeing a big improvement in the puppies and felt they were stronger and more solid pups and extremely healthy than ever before..."
Disclaimer: The Statements on this web site have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration.
(UTC-07:00) Chihuahua, La Paz, Mazatlan 2:43 PM Monday, November 12, 2018 Mountain Standard Time (Mexico)
(UTC+05:30) Chennai, Kolkata, Mumbai, New Delhi 3:13 AM Tuesday, November 13, 2018 India Standard Time
Edgy June Cleaver posted this video on Facebook a few months ago. I believe at the time she called it “the gayest video ever”. I’d say that’s probably pretty accurate. It’s riotously OTT and sort of entertainingly all over the place in it’s references (and I mean, any song that rhymes “hoochie coochie” with “Susan Lucci” and then has a cameo of Susan Lucci in it… well, sign me up! That’s just fabulous with a capital FAB). And how amazing is Gloria looking these days?? Good grief.
While she’s not -much to her ongoing chagrin- allowed to watch the video, TLo is totally and completely enamored with the song and has to date (according to iTunes) played it 23 times on her iPod.
Well, for one thing, I can’t get “regular” earbuds into my bitty little ears. You can imagine that there’s no way in H-E-double-hockey-sticks they’re going in the Monkey Ears. We have six (count them six) useless pairs of "regular" earbuds that came with various iDevices. But no, I have to buy the in-your-ears kind with the interchangeable large-medium-small gel inserts. And I use the small. And sometimes they still fall out.
The Evil Monkeys, until this point, have been stuck with the traditional over-your-head headphones, which are bulky, break easily, have to be bought special in a size that will fit tiny monkey heads (at three times the normal price) and are generally a pain in the B-U-T-T.
This week they were selling earbuds with interchangeable gel inserts in the checkout line at Walgreens. For $5. "Aha!" I crowed. "Evil Monkey Special."
After much groaning and cringing and flinching and general whining, The Evil Monkeys have finally figured out how to put in their very own earbuds (I never said they were the sharpest tacks in the box). Goodbye yucky over-your-head headphones. Hello.... totally lost iPods.
It hadn't occurred to me, but the giant over-your-head headphones were pretty much the only thing keeping their itty bitty teeny tiny Shuffles from getting lost all over the house. Plus, earbuds are sort of a pain to haul around loose, because there's just nothing to them and they’re floppy and whatnot.
I have no idea who this freak of nature is, but he seems to be a little bit of awesome. He made his own collapsible knitting needles, people. Why? Who the flip knows!? But he did it. It's geektastic.
He also made a little template (after several trial-and-error efforts) of an earbud winder to be cut from an old credit card. Now, I totally have a plastic winder that I bought online (with money, people) but I'm not going to go so far as to buy two more for The Monkeys. Unless there are some in the checkout line at Walgreens. Which there aren't. I looked.
What I did do was print some nice little Hiroshige images on the laser printer, laminate them with some high-gloss laminate, mount them to some illustration board (front and back), and cut them out. (Well, I also modified the design first because the holes were too big for our particular type of earbuds.)
Here’s one with my iPhone tether. I don't have any earbuds here to try it out to be sure it will actually work. But I figure it's an hour of otherwise-useless work time well spent.
These are AWESOME. They work great. I suspect that A) they won’t hold up forever, being basically paper and B) one or both will get lost within the next 24 hours. But they work really well. It would be worth investigating a more durable solution.
Because just when I decide that The Evil Monkeys have plenty (and by “plenty” I mean “a ludicrous quantity”) of clothes for the summer…. the wicked people at Ottobre Design come out with the Summer 2012 issue.
Any bets on how many totally and completely superfluous items of clothing The Evil Monkeys wind up with this summer?
Of course, that would require that I actually sew them. Hmph. Those Ottobre people really know how to be cruel.
Point A) I believe that the introduction and wide-spread adoption of ready-made, standardized-fit clothing has altered our attitudes towards clothing. We now feel the need to change our bodies to fit our clothes rather than change our clothes to fit our bodies. Obviously, this isn’t a revolutionary thought. For example there’s that touted anecdotal statistic that’s been flying around for years about how many women say they want to have plastic surgery so their clothes will fit better. It’s possibly not true but still… I think there’s a point to that anecdote.
Point B) I notice how well or poorly people's clothes fit. I notice it at the grocery store. I notice it at work. I notice it when I'm watching TV. Good fit. Poor fit… mostly poor fit. You do that too, right? I'm guessing many of you do. I think those of us who spend a significant part of our sewing time trying to achieve good fit start to notice when others' clothes don’t fit. Even if it's on TV or in the movies or whatnot.
I’ve been mulling over point A and point B for a long time. Many of you have been too. Here's what I've noticed: when my clothes are custom fit and fit well (as opposed to the many many examples of custom fit clothing that I own which do not fit well), someone invariably comments on how "good" I look. Trust me. I don't look good. But I do look like my clothes fit. And I always assumed that I look “good” because my well-fitting clothes are flattering in some way.
But here's the thing: are we in fact just unconsciously assuming that a person in well-fitting clothes must look good because they fit their clothes?
What I mean is, ready-to-wear clothes are not designed to fit my body. They're just not. They are designed to fit someone who has the "ideal" body. So if we see a person in clothes that fit them properly, are we subconsciously assuming for a moment that they must have an ideal body to be able to fit into those clothes in the first place? Obviously that assumption won’t last past an actual assessment of the person’s figure, but as a first impression…?
Thesis: Are we conditioned through the almost exclusive purchase of ready-to-wear clothing to assume that if a person’s clothes fit, they must have the “ideal” figure to fit into them?
Camp shirt into tunic. Because despite my absolute loathing of camp shirts, I have a fitted camp shirt pattern. And because this particular camp shirt pattern fits me perfectly. And I mean, per.fect.ly. Um. Because Marta Alto fitted it for me. That’s pretty much the only reason why.
Seriously, don’t believe me? This tunic is actually a camp shirt with gathers instead of darts. Right? Right. Rotate the darts and convert them to gathers and add some width to the front and back bodice for flowiness, remove the collar and draft a facing instead, change the button placket to a center-seamed opening with ties, extend and add some flair to the sleeves… do some smocking….
The Husband has suddenly out of the blue decided to become a US citizen. This means, should he be granted citizenship, that he can’t be deported. And that he can vote. This also means that we now get to spend vast quantities of time and money on yet another round of Bureaucratic Bingo. It's super fun. I'll give you an example. Here's how you play:
1) The Husband was required, when he applied for and was granted status as a Resident Alien, to provide his fingerprints.
2) These fingerprints are embedded in the "green card" he is required to carry with him at all times.
3) Homeland Security, in processing his application for citizenship, requires a set of fingerprints. They also require a copy of his green card. (The one with the fingerprints on it. 'Member that one?)
4) We had to drive two hours to Ft Worth for him to have his fingerprints taken by Homeland Security. This process took 6.3 minutes. Literally. I timed it. With a timer. Those Homeland Security people were both friendly and efficient. The bastards.
5) Then we had to drive two hours back home. This process cost us $168. Plus $80 in gas. Plus $25 for lunch. For some fingerprints they already had on file.
If, at the end, the answer is not "The right to vote and not be summarily deported" I'm going to be really irritated. We haven't even gotten to The Taking Of The Test part or the fact that The Husband forgot one item in his application packet and when he immediately called to rectify the problem they informed him that they might allow him to continue with the process. Or they might deny his application. They can't say. It's up to the individual processor. That one cost us $780.
(I was going to say, "it's the bomb" but then it occurred to me that I probably shouldn't write a post with both "Homeland Security" and "the bomb" in it.
And yes, I'm pretty sure that when they say "Resident Alien", in The Husband's case they mean an actual extraterrestrial. It’s the only explanation.
*If Field Day(s) is cancelled due to inclement weather, make-up Field Days will be May 16 for Grades K-3 and May 17 for Grades 4-5.
Canine heartworms have been found in dogs in all 50 states and in many countries around the world. Adult heartworms can grow up to 12 inches in length and live in the large blood vessels … Read More »
Our four legged friends bring companionship and joy to our daily lives. Many times we try to bond by offering food and treats. While this is fine, if one is not careful, one might get in … Read More »
Canadian Fisheries Minister Keith Ashfield has finally broken his silence and responded to leading scientists’ criticism regarding a proposed grey seal cull with a shocking revelation: “Seals aren’t vegetarians or vegans.”
Yes, those sage words were uttered by our very own Minister of Few Words this afternoon to a Canadian Press journalist. The Minister had remained strangely silent while the furor grew over the Fisheries Resource Conservation Council’s recommendations for a massive grey seal cull (unlike his predecessor Gail “Media Whore” Shea who loved talking to the media to the point of fabricating announcements). After reading Ashfield’s quotes online today, I personally think he should have remained silent a little longer.
Yes, Minister, seals do eat fish. So do other marine predators, such as whales, sharks and dolphins. Are you suggesting we should kill those species as well, just in case they’re to blame? After all, you don’t know for sure seals are responsible for the failure of Gulf of St. Lawrence fish stocks to rebound. You just think they’re the “most likely” cause. So if the idea is to kill a massive number of seals as an experiment to see if it helps fish stocks, why not kill a massive amount of all predators in the oceans and really double your chances of success! Not scientific enough for you? It’s about as scientific as taking your science advice from a bunch of knuckle-dragging fishermen who “clean up real good” to sit in front of the Senate Committee and lie their asses off.
But I digress. Shortly after the FRCC released its report which recommended the removal of 140,000 grey seals in the Southern Gulf of St. Lawrence over a five year period, two of Canada’s leading marine biologists spoke out against the scheme, branding it politically motivated and scientifically irresponsible. Hal Whitehead, a professor at Dalhousie University in Halifax specializing in the study of whales said:
“Before humans started industrial fishing, there were large populations of seals and of cod. Clearly, they can coexist perfectly well. … It appears to me that politicians are playing into this largely irrational hatred of seals to make it look like they’re doing something.“
Boris Worm, a Dalhousie biology professor who studies marine biodiversity, told media former fisheries minister Gail Shea had spoken in favour of a cull in 2009, and federal scientists have since been pressured to justify that decision. He said:
“It was something that was announced before the science was heard, and then a meeting was convened to produce the science to support that decision,” he said, referring to a series of scientific workshops held last fall. To me, as a scientist, that’s not acceptable.“
On September 26, 2011 an open letter was sent to Fisheries Minister Keith Ashfield, signed by six marine scientists pointing out that the proposed greal seal cull is not supported by science and could have unexpected disastrous effects on our oceans. The signees urged the Minister to meet with independent scientists to discuss the folly of approving a large-scale cull of grey seals.
Minister Ashfield’s reaction is tantamount to a slap in the face to these leading scientists. Obviously the Minister would rather take his science advice from a bunch of biased yes-men and fishermen hand-picked by the Fisheries Minister to sit on the board of the Fisheries Resource Conservation Council. No surprise there, however – Canada’s Department of Fisheries and Oceans is notorious for making decisions based on political expediency and economics rather than conservation.
And Minister, please remind me, because I’m still confused on this point – how do you hope to pay for this cull? The cost of such a large-scale slaughter will be substantial and DFO is currently cutting its budget and slashing science programs. Oh, how silly of me, of course, the Canadian taxpayer will foot the bill for this make-work project for disgruntled sealers. Of course, the taxpayers will unwillingly hand over the cash so the sealers can happily bash and shoot in the skulls of nursing whitecoats and their mothers, and the Harper government can buy all the sealing/fishing votes for the next election. And what do the Canadian taxpayers get? Shafted. Again. Of course.
I’m no scientist, but even I know that to focus on a simplistic prey-predator model such as cod-seal is a recipe for disaster. Our marine ecosystem is a complex food web and removing a large number of one species could have catastrophic results. If I thought there was merit in killing off a large number of one species as an experiment to see if the desired results could be achieved, I would’ve called for a cull of pro-sealing politicians a long time ago!
If anyone had any illusions the Canadian government is being truthful about the commercial seal hunt, those illusions surely have been shattered this past week. I grew up knowing the commercial seal hunt was wrong, the killing was cruel and the whole disgusting business was unnecessary. My grandmother, originally from a remote island known as Rams Island (later renamed Iona before being cleared and its inhabitants moved to the mainland) in Newfoundland, disagreed with my view, and I remember bitter words being spoken on the subject. But when I actually witnessed the killing for myself for the first time in 2007 it struck me – the Canadian public has truly been betrayed by the Canadian government. The Canadian government uses our taxes to fund the killing and misleads us in regard to every single aspect of the sadistic practice, while branding people like me – who have seen the slaughter with their own eyes – liars. I have never lied about what I have witnessed in Newfoundland and Nova Scotia. The Canadian government is the guilty party. Here are just a few of the many lies told by our government:
LIE #1: Baby seals aren’t killed. THE TRUTH: Oh yes, they are – even protected whitecoats and bluebacks are killed by sealers.
This seal pup is almost completely covered in white fur and was likely 14 days old when it was killed. Not even eating solid food, still very much a baby. Photo Frank Loftus/HSUS 2011
The Canadian government claims all seals killed in the commercial seal hunt are self-reliant adults. In actual fact, seals targeted during the commercial seal hunt are between the ages of 12 days and three months, with most being under one month of age. Many, like the pup in the photo here, are still almost completely covered in white fur at the time of their death. At this age they are not swimming, nor are they eating solid food. Recently weaned, they live on fat reserves built up from their mom’s milk until they’re ready to leave the ice and swim away.
In truth, a seal can legally be killed once it begins moulting its whitecoat, which usually happens at about 12 days of age. Recently weaned, unable to swim, escape or defend themselves against sealers, they are as helpless as babies and certainly are NOT the self-reliant adults DFO would like you to believe are the target of the commercial seal hunt.
The Canadian government is quick to point out that since 1982 it has been illegal to kill whitecoats (harp pups younger than 12 days) and bluebacks (hooded seal pups younger than 14 months). This ban came into effect following an EU-wide ban on whitecoat seal products which caused the sealing industry to collapse. The Canadian government has been silent on reports coming from observers that sealers were documented killing protected bluebacks.
LIE #2 – The commercial seal hunt is humane. THE TRUTH – Every year observers compile hours of videotaped evidence sealers routinely violate woefully inadequate Regulations and inflict horrific cruelty on seal pups.
Conscious seal pups are stabbed through the eye socket and jaw with metal hooks and hauled onto boats - this is NOT illegal and is documented each year. Photo: Frank Loftus/HSUS 2011
I observed the commercial seal hunt from 2007 – 2010 and the horrors I witnessed will stay with me forever. I was unable to travel to Newfoundland this year but have been following closely reports from Humane Society International/Canada and IFAW observers. The reports have been grisly, to put it mildly. Just a few instances:
Sealers failing to perform 3-step process, slicing open seal pups still alive and possibly conscious;
Seal pups showing conscious reaction to pain – voluntary movement – after being sliced open and hurled into the bottom of sealing boat;
Seal pups being shot in the face, neck and back, suffering on the ice for long periods of time before boats reach them to finish them off;
Seal pups being shot on the ice and just left to die – sealers not even retrieving them from the ice – killing for sport;
This video, by International Fund for Animal Welfare, shows a seal pup sliced open and thrown into a boat, waving and clenching a front flipper in pain as it bleeds to death slowly in the bottom of the boat with other seal carcasses.
The bottom line is the commercial seal hunt cannot be conducted humanely. Several factors prevent the annual kill from ever being humane. The speed at which it is conducted (this year, in just one week 20,000 seals were killed by approximately 39 boats); extreme weather conditions; geographical location and inability of DFO Enforcement to monitor the killing to make sure killing is as humane as possible are just a few examples. It is simply impossible for seals to be killed humanely during the annual seal kill and that’s one compelling reason the killing must be stopped.
LIE #3 - The commercial seal hunt is tightly regulated. THE TRUTH – Regulations are inadequate to properly address animal welfare concerns and are not enforced by DFO.
The Marine Mammal Regulations which govern the killing of seals in the commercial seal hunt are woefully inadequate to properly address animal welfare concerns. For instance, the Regulations allow live and conscious seals to be hooked through the eye socket or jaw and dragged across the ice and into boats. The Regulations allow pups to be shot and left, wounded and suffering, on the ice for extended periods of time before being killed by sealers. Even the much-heralded 3-step process does not satisfy international veterinarian standards for humane slaughter. The 3-step process, introduced by the Canadian government in 2008 as a cynical ploy to stave off a threatened EU-wide seal trade ban, is not even incorporated into the Marine Mammal Regulations; it is simply a licence condition.
In my years observing the seal hunt I saw many violations of the Marine Mammal Regulations. From what I have been reading and seeing of this year’s slaughter, this could very well be the worst in terms of numbers of violations. According to observers, sealers are routinely violating the Regulations and licence conditions – failing to perform the 3-step process, cutting into live and possibly conscious pups, using what appear to be illegal killing implements, killing protected hooded blueback pups, killing for sport, not landing the carcass or the pelt…the list goes on and on. And throughout this brutal bloodbath, where is DFO enforcement? That leads me to the next lie.
LIE #4 – The commercial seal hunt is closely monitored and enforced. THE TRUTH – DFO does not monitor or enforce the killing of seals during the commercial seal hunt in Nova Scotia or Newfoundland.
Pups are routinely wounded with bullets and left suffering on the ice, waiting helplessly for sealers to come and beat them to death. Photo Frank Loftus/HSUS 2011
Observers at this year’s commercial seal hunt are reporting a distinct lack of DFO Enforcement presence in the killing zones. While observers videotaped sealers committing Reg violations for hours, DFO was nowhere in sight. This is nothing new. During my years of observation, DFO was never around to document the killing. Even when Coast Guard boats were in the vicinity, the sealers did what they liked with little or no regard for Regulations or even rudimentary animal welfare, while DFO looked the other way. Each year observers submit hours of unedited footage to DFO showing clear violations of Marine Mammal Regulations. Very few charges are ever laid by DFO as a result of this evidence given to them.
In various conversations I’ve had with DFO regarding the commercial killing of grey seals on islands in Nova Scotia, DFO has confirmed there is no constant monitoring of sealers as they kill seals. In 2007 I was told by a DFO official, “We don’t stand there looking over their shoulder as they’re working” and in 2010 it was confirmed DFO visits periodically just to check up on things. I’ve been advised by someone familiar with Nova Scotia sealers that the periodic DFO visits have more to do with bringing coffee for the sealers than actually monitoring the killing.
On Hay Island, a nature reserve in Nova Scotia, grey seal pups are herded together and beaten or shot to death mere inches from each other Photo R. Aldworth/HSI 2011
The truth is, even if DFO had the will to actually monitor the killing and enforce the Regulations, it is physically impossible to do so. Even in the smaller Southern Gulf of St. Lawrence, DFO has never been able to control the sealing boats and for years sealers killed above and beyond the Total Allowable Catch. DFO admitted to reporters a few years ago it was very difficult to control the boats there. If DFO staff cannot control boats in the relatively small Southern Gulf of St. Lawrence, how can they possibly claim to be able to control boats in the much larger Northern Gulf or The Front? In previous years, hundreds of boats participated in the commercial seal hunt. In recent years that number has dwindled to a few dozen, but those boats are operating in an area the size of France. DFO has a small number of vessels and limited staff – there is no physical way they can monitor the killing or enforce the law. And yet each year they lie and claim that is precisely what they are doing!
As the reports come in daily and the videos and photographs are shared via YouTube, Facebook and Twitter, the Canadian government has fallen strangely silent. Neither Fisheries Minister Gail Shea nor Prime Minister Stephen Harper have cared to comment publicly about their many falsehoods being exposed. Of course they don’t care to comment, since they believe they don’t have to answer to Canadians, the majority of whom, polling consistently shows, oppose the annual slaughter and object to their taxes being used to fund it. This is why more than ever, Canadians need to make the seal hunt a voting issue.
Coming tomorrow - Lies My Government Told Me (Part 2) dealing with more porky pies told by our government, including such chestnuts as ‘Full utilization of the animal’, ‘Sealing provides much-needed income to coastal communities’ and ‘Sealing is a time-honoured tradition.” What a load of crap…
This video, narrated by Sheryl Fink of International Fund for Animal Welfare, was shot during the first day of the commercial seal hunt off the coast of Newfoundland and shows the cruelty inherent in the annual slaughter. On the video are violations of Marine Mammal Regulations, but even more troubling are the acts of brutality to seal pups which are perfectly legal and acceptable under the Marine Mammal Regulations.
The Canadian government claims the commercial seal hunt is “tightly regulated” and “closely monitored.” Each year, however, hours of video footage is compiled by lawful observers which prove those claims are false.
The seal hunt is regulated in the sense there exists a set of Marine Mammal Regulations to which sealers are supposed to adhere. However, the Regulations are woefully inadequate and do not ensure acceptable animal welfare standards are met. Even the much-heralded “3-step process” does not meet international veterinarian standards for humane slaughter. Let me put it this way — it is perfectly legal under the Marine Mammal Regulations for sealers to impale conscious seal pups through the face or other body part with large metal hooks and drag them across the ice, before throwing them onto a boat and finishing them off with a club. Does that sound humane to you? It is not.
The government’s other claim — the commercial seal hunt is “closely monitored” — is also BOGUS. I guess it all depends on their definition of “monitored.” IFAW reported that during the first day of the killing spree, DFO Enforcement was nowhere in sight. Sealers were routinely violating the Marine Mammal Regulations and DFO was not present to monitor or enforce those Regulations.
This is nothing new. Each and every year sealers violate Marine Mammal Regulations and inflict unimaginable agony on defenceless seal pups, while DFO Enforcement looks the other way. Oftentimes, DFO is too busy keeping an eye on lawful licenced observers to actually do their job and monitor the killing.
I urge everyone to contact Canada’s Minister of Fisheries Gail Shea and ask her how she can possibly continue to insist the commercial seal hunt is humane and it clearly isn’t. Tell her the evidence is irrefutable. Tell her we are tired of the Canadian government misinforming the public as to the true nature of the cruel commercial seal hunt. Tell her it must end now. Her contact info is as follows:
Frank Pinhorn & Betty Fitzgerald – Honestly Deluded or Wilfully Spreading Misinformation? March 28, 2012
Job description: The Ideal CandidateWe require previous Front of House experience in a four or five star hotel (1-2 years)….
This is such a fantastic recipe to have in your repertoire and kids love helping making the dough too! In fact, I originally developed it when my oldest daughter started to drop her nap and I wanted us to do something fun (and productive) in the extra time. The recipe below makes 4 medium flatbreads but just increase or decrease the quantities depending on how many you want but remember any extras can be portioned up and popped in the freezer to be used another day so always make more than you need.
Place the flour and yoghurt in a mixing bowl and mix until it begins to come together. Pop the rough dough out of the bowl and knead gently for a couple of minutes until you have a smooth ball. [Note: you can also use a KitchenAid (or similar) with its dough hook attachment but this does eliminate some of the fun for kids!]
Divide the dough into 4 even balls (or however many you are making) and cover. You can now place the dough in the fridge for up to 24 hours before using or pop in the freezer for up to one month.
When you are ready to cook your flatbread, remove one dough ball at a time from the fridge and place on a lightly floured surface. Using a rolling pin, roll into a circle approx 3-4mm thick. Heat a large frying pan, or a pancake pan if you have one, until piping hot. Place the flatbread directly onto the pan and cook for 1-2 minutes. Reduce the temperature if the bread starts to char. Flip the bread over and cook for 1-2 minutes on the other side. Remove and serve.
We take your privacy concerns seriously and we strive to earn and keep your trust. Please do not hesitate to contact us with your questions and concerns (contact information is provided below).
We do not share your personal information, including your e-mail address, with other parties. We hate spam as much as you do, so we won't give your information to anyone.
We do not send unsolicited bulk e-mails. If you receive e-mail from us, it is a response or an automated response to an inquiry you made, or it is because at some point you, or someone with access to your e-mail account, requested it. You can rest assured that we will use your e-mail address for no purpose other than to respond to your inquiry.
"Personal information" is information about an identifiable individual that is not the person's business contact information or work product information.
"Enhanced Online Services" are online services which are provided for customers who have an account with MiniScience, and who have been provided with a password to access secure parts of this website.
We do not accept advertising from unrelated websites. Limited number of suppliers of educational and scientific material may be allowed to introduce their products or have links in related sections.
MiniScience collects personal and contact information of all customers as well as visit information of all visitors to our website.
Personal and contact information typically include name, address, phone number, email address. MiniScience collects this information for record keeping and enhanced services available to the customers.
Visit information include domain name, what pages are accessed, state and method of connection. MiniScience collects and logs this information for statistical and security purposes.
Enhanced online services allow you to register and obtain a user ID to assist us in providing you with Online services.
The information that we collect about you may be used to track your purchase history and payment history and other exchanges or interaction you may have with MiniScience.
As a general proposition, any personal information that MiniScience collects will not be disclosed to third parties. The intent is that the information will be used solely for the exclusive use of MiniScience. However, in order to improve integrity of the data, to assist in maintaining security over the data, or as requested by law enforcement in the course of an investigation, some personal information may be required to be disclosed.
MiniScience has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. MiniScience treats the information with a high degree of regard and awareness for the private nature of the data. Our primary objective is to maintain the integrity and security of the data.
By accessing MiniScience's website and online services, you agree that MiniScience will not be liable for any inaccuracies or omissions, or any consequential damages or losses through the use of information. MiniScience will make reasonable efforts to ensure that the accuracy of the information is maintained. Any requests to update, correct, remove and or disclose information should be made by calling 973-777-3113.
This site may provide chat rooms, forums, message boards, and news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
The information presented is not intended to be a comprehensive review and summary of all matters concerning MiniScience, and MiniScience makes no representation or warranties about the information provided on its website or via hypertext links or any other item used either directly or indirectly from MiniScience's website. MiniScience reserves the right to make changes and corrections to its website at any time, without notice.
If you do not consent to having your personal information collected, used and disclosed as set out in this policy, please stop using this website and do not enter your information in this website.
The content of this Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time, so we suggest that you return to the website on a regular basis and carefully read the information provided.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact MiniScience by email or by phone.
Another promo is being offered at J.Crew this weekend. You can take 30% off your purchase with code LOTSTOSHOP. Everything I’m reviewing today is included in this promo.
It looks like shoulder baring tops are here to stay for Spring and Summer. I do like the cold-shoulder tops a little more than the off-the-shoulder tops because if the straps are wide enough, you can wear a regular bra. Originally, I thought this fit TTS to a little loose for me. I think because I am broad-shouldered, I should wear an 8 or 10. But since these types of shirts don’t have any material constricting right at the shoulders, I can size down. I know that sounds odd but the size 6 fit me a lot better than the 8.
The size 6 fit great in this silk version of the cold-shoulder top but the straps are way too loose. I don’t know if it was this specific shirt or the silk style in general. I ordered the pretty green Warm Clover color so I am hoping the straps are little more fitted.
This is a cute top and the cotton is really soft. I found this to fit a size big since the 6 fits pretty well. You can tie the neck or leave them untied, both look fine. Elastic at the “cuffs” always bother me so this is a no for me.
I’m so happy pants are no longer skinny and there are wide-leg options. I sized down to a 6 in this pant and it fits. The length is even cropped on me! These are very familiar to me. Almost like I wore something similar in this stripe and material as a kid. They are thin and lightweight and not lined, but also not see-through. I could do without the waist-tie though. I’ll either find an old skinny belt or got without.
My store did not get these in stock. This was a return, in all three colors. I wasn’t really sure about sizing so I’m glad someone else made the purchase for me so I could try this on. Like reviewers are stating, this runs big. I feel it does run 2 sizes too big. The size 8 is very loose all over. I am happy to say that I didn’t find the ruffle too overwhelming.
The size 6 fit a little better but still seemed loose under the arm. I like the black though the nude lining is close to my skin tone. I’ve ordered the size 4 so I’ll report back on how that one fit.
This red looks more like a true red IRL and the fringe makes it really fun for Spring and Summer. The size 8 fits TTS and on my hips, making the length a little big longer for me.
I ordered the Cold-Shoulder Top in Fresh Clover, the Ruffle Skirt in Cotton Poplin in White and the One-Shoulder Dress in Eyelet. I ordered the 8 Petite in the dress so I’m hoping it works out.
I’ve been working on level design since the start of the week and had to change the way some things worked in the levels. I also added a way to add an object or enemy at a precise point. That way, calculating the position of the background, i can add a background element in the exact spot it is supposed to be at.
However, while it was working well, i thought that it would be better to have a view of the exact background in the level editor…especially since in this level, there are background enemies (enemies that are on the ground and don’t collide with the ship but fire at it).
So i made those changes as well and i must say it is pretty fun to have a good view of the background as it will be in game. I wish i had the time to put all the graphics into the editor to have a 100% accurate view of the level but i really don’t. I’ll maybe do it in my free time (if i can find some).
I am really looking forward to seeing people use the level editor to create new levels but that will have to wait until after the release!
So far, i only have started on the overall design of this level, however so i must now hurry and finish the level before working on the Mazinger sector’s enemies.
Level 1 to 5 graphics are now created. There will probably be some little changes, but I see the end of drawings slowly pointing the tip of his nose, which is great.
I let some surprise for the game, so I am not going to reveal all from this level, but you are going to face this sorcerer playing with energy :
In this level, I have done some animations with light energy. I find that moving energy renders well, and I guess that it probably is because of the contrast. I would like to do more, as usual, but I have to carry on.
It’s time for another dev update as i finally finished the 4th level boss. Some gameplay from the boss turned out to be more complicated to program than anticipated and i had to change a few things in the core game engine.
As everything is now complete on that boss, i can start working on changes to the level editor and start the level design (the fun part!).
I need to make those changes because this level’s design is particular. We are using a lot of background elements that need pixel perfect placement, something the current level editor can’t do well except on fixed locations (useful for enemies, but not so much for background elements). It will also be useful for the 5th level (and if/when we release the level editor as well).
I’m hoping i can make those changes and have a good first rough of the level by the end of the week.
I’ll then start working on the 5th level’s enemies and bosses, along with the core mechanics of the level.
The atmosphere of level 5 is dark and shadowed, with a feeling of greatness, to change from level 4. For the depth, I took my inspiration from Carthago, a french comic with very nice big drawings giving a feeling of immensity.
It is a style that I like very much and I would like to do more and more, but I have to carry on, the next bosses are waiting for me!
Don’t tell it to anyone but I think I have more inspiration for this level than for the last one – that I really enjoyed also when I was doing it… it is good news for the following.
I enjoy what I do from the beginning, but I enjoy it more and more, I hope you feel it in the results.
The Betelgeuse sector enemies are done (including mid-boss) and the boss is mostly done. I have also been working on game design as we are working with ClemenC on the Mazinger sector’s general design, enemy design and the overall feel we want to give to that level. ClemenC has finished the background and it is a really interesting one.
The level will be quite different from other levels as you will have the opportunity to speed up or down the movement in that level using booster platforms. Your score will also depend on how much time it took you to beat the level…and there might be a surprise on the final boss as well 🙂 but i’ll keep that a secret for now.
As a side note, we have begun thinking about game conventions and events where we could show the game to more people. We need to get more people to know about the game as we feel it is generally well received so far.
The alpha demo is still out so if you haven’t tried it yet, hop on to GameJolt, Itch.io or Indiexpo and give it a try!
ClemenC has been working on this site (the old one was something i quickly threw together a long time ago and forgot a bit about) and has created us this beautiful new logo which will also be used in a new splash intro to replace the old (ugly) one.
As for myself, I have been working on finalizing the enemies for the Betelgeuse sector (the infested planet one) and ran into some trouble with a simple bezier curve (mainly because i had forgotten how to use the function which is, in fact, fully functional). But the enemies are coming along nicely and should be done shortly.
Next up will be the boss which i know will be a fun one. We want to keep the surprise for the full game but believe me when i say you’ll have fun fighting it !
Things have quieted down a bit after the alpha demo launch but thanks to Gamejolt which put us on the front page, we have had a lot of exposure and, as a result, videos of the demo and the first previews of the game on softpedia, indieretronews and other websites have surfaced. The feedback is very positive and we are glad to see people like the game. We have a lot of areas to improve, obviously, but this means we are not working in vain and our efforts will pay in the end. Can’t wait to finish the game and see people play it on a full release.
With that said, removing new undiscovered bugs (there were only a few, thankfully), launching the demo and marketing it and communicating a lot around the game has taken me more time than i wish and as a result, i am lagging a bit behind schedule. I hope to turn this around by working more this week than usual (i’m probably going to end up working all weekend).
I have been working for more than 2 weeks on level 4 graphics, including background, enemies and bosses. It is nearly finished, at last.
For the background, I wanted to add a little bit more atmosphere, so I decided to add rain to the background. At first, I wanted also to draw a dark background, something in the night, so the atmosphere would have been heavier. But because other backgrounds are rather dark, I prefered to stay on something taking place during the day.
For the boss, because of animations, it took much more time than I planned to. It is long to animate even small parts. But it seems okay now and I am waiting for them to be included in the level (at this time I will have some corrections to do, but that is part of the game…).
We had a bug that allowed the laser to destroy enemies behind another enemy on very particular occasions (it only did it on the Claws boss from the faraway sector…the laser was able to destroy the homing bullet when hitting the boss).
With all this solved, i am back to enemy and boss design, notably new enemies (new type of enemies that are on the ground and don’t collide with the player ship but still get hit by bullets and fire bullets as well) and some boss logic for the Cylon sector.
We will be updating the alpha demo with the solved bugs (Claws bugs…the laser thing and the fact that he was both too easy and not invulnerable when arriving) shortly! Probably tomorrow or Friday.
Hi everyone. I haven’t posted here for a while but we have been very busy working on the game, posting on facebook, twitter, google+, indieDB, steam greenlight and it has been pretty exhausting.
I have recently removed a lot of small bugs and added a bit more feedback to several areas. There is still a lot of work to be done, we need to make new sounds (there are a lot of sounds missing right now) and i am now working on the level 2 boss fight.
We are going to post more regularly here and try to keep this devlog alive so that you can read all about the work we’re doing !
Johnny is a down on his luck Hustler with a bad habit of using a crowbar to solve his problems. After conning his way into a risky partnership with a Long Haired, Loud Mouth criminal, Johnny and the Loud Mouth sign up for a mysterious job for legendary Mob Boss- the Long Island Wolf. The […]
Jenny Loves Satan is a retro-inspired, horror-comedy about a 12-year old girl who rebels by becoming a Satanist… only to discover that Satan is real!
After two years of waiting, Adam and Ellas first part of the application for a „licence to procreate“ has been successfully reviewed. To complete the process, the request is followed up with an obligatory and final interview in the intimacy of their home. Their fate is now in the hands of the government clerk Gudrun […]
This is the story of two young guys without any trouble who just want to « screw » without being disturbed.« State of Emergency motherfucker» is a surrealistic comedy that depicts a society where police violence and invasion of privacy are daily routine, normal, tedious. The victims themselves are used to it. Even the police […]
Franka (Saralisa Volm) is bound for holidays. This time she will switch off her mobile phone, read no mails and altogether be unreachable for anybody. Since she’s a perfect teamplayer and the most likable manager at her agency this vacation is granted full-heartedly by her colleagues. She wants to spend a completely relaxing time at […]
In 1986, Andy London had a small, forgettable role in the Glen Cove High School production of Thornton Wilder’s “Our Town”. But what happened when the curtains closed…is the stuff of legend.
Lenny Upton combines euthanasia with his used furniture business to provide suicide assistance to melancholy customers with a death wish. Armed with a briefcase full of weapons and an eye for antiques, he custom designs a personalized death experience for his one-time clients. All sales are final in this short film that takes a darkly […]
At a remote mountain lake a bound man with cement shoes is being dragged to the water. His request for a coup de grâce escalates into an absurd clash.
Every once in a while you read a book that’s so good, you can’t look up until you finish, and it’s so clear and specific and moving that you know it’s the book the author was meant to write. This novel, set in Michigan’s Upper Peninsula, is indelible in every way: setting, story and character. Dionne frames her novel with Hans Christian Anderson’s tale The Marsh King’s Daughter, and opens with a woman named Helena relating, in first person, that she’s a kidnapping survivor.
The scenario seems all too tragically familiar – Jaycee Dugard, Elizabeth Smart, even the movie, Room – but as Dionne fleshes it out it becomes very much her own story. Helena is the product of an abduction. She grew up in a remote area of the UP in a tiny cabin with only her mother and father. As it’s the only life she knows, it takes her a long time to puzzle out quite what’s wrong about it.
But flash forward to when Helena is a grown, married woman with two daughters of her own, and she learns that her father, the “Marsh King” of the title, has escaped from prison. When the cops show up on her doorstep at the same time as her husband, who has no idea of Helena’s backstory, his first impulse is to get the girls in the car and get out of dodge. Helena refuses to go with him – this is her quest, but she fears she’s lost her husband forever. Trust is not a concept she’s familiar with, and as the story evolves, it’s clear why that’s the case.
The story weaves together the past and the present, so we learn of Helena’s childhood where her mild mother was very much a background figure to the devotion and kinship of Helena and her father as he teaches her to hunt and survive in a remote area with no running water, electricity, or any means of communication. Everything the tiny family has is a product of their hard work, from the leather Helena’s mother softens and makes into gloves and hats to the snowshoes made by Helena’s father. Helena’s only frame of reference for the world are an old stack of National Geographics.
In the present she’s hunting her father in the wilderness they both know so well, and it’s clear that while he’s an expert woodsman, so is she, thanks to his training. They are lethal equals, and Helena’s task is made more urgent when she starts finding bodies.
In the past, while the young Helena clearly loves her father and loves the things he teaches her, she’s also subjected to beatings and punishments (being locked in a well, for example) and her mother is basically being raped every night, with Helena being a product of a rape. These things are only clear to Helena as she gets older, however – when she is a young girl she holds her mother in contempt.
This story could be set nowhere else but the UP, and Dionne is an amazingly evocative and vivid writer describing her setting. While I grew up in Michigan and spent my summers “up north,” entering the UP always felt like I was going to a different country, and Dionne is expert in portraying that feeling.
As Helena grows older and becomes ready, naturally, for the next phase of her life, her growing rebellion and strength makes her father angry and leads to a showdown. As the two of them in the present race toward one another for another show down, it puts this intimate story on an almost epic scale. Everything about this novel is perfect: the writing, which is not too flowery but is memorable and clear; the characters – Helena and her parents will stay in my mind for a very long time; the vivid setting, and finally, the story that doesn’t let up. If there’s a better novel written this year I would be very surprised. Don’t miss it.
Aldine Leland eternalizes her splints and designs dryly! Eurylbert temporizes his reclining and herbs without prayer! turbid Calhoun magnetizing, his black Damocles encapsulates with determination. Imaginative flats that enter diabolically? Bo phenotypic vocalizes its best desenredo. Victor stationary invoking, his streeks very ominously. Destroyed and disenchanted, Garv exalts his Achernar are austin butler and annasophia robb dating purge in a ritual way. Did Noel pretend to dress his sashes forgathers? lacerado and incurrente Hillard is covered with crossed arms or conspires apathetically. Dumpier Garcia rotates his dimension in a discouraging way. Behewels zoo 105 repliche online dating site untested Taylor, his essay hook up with boyfriends friend Zion steals the family. Uncoordinated Herve revitalizes sonic traps. saturated Alford etch, its palled very intermittently. Derivable Yves withdraws his ethnocentric excretion. interchangeable and Proustian Keenan accuse his tiny script of awa geometry. without witnesses and without changes hook up with boyfriends friend Er speaks his valorization women gnaw forward. The African Walden sedated him, the manuscripts circumambulated disturbedly. Caspar embodied his trip movingly. employed and indo-aria Dwight bogs down her adjuvance baptizes or jealously recharges. the double face trinidadian online dating of Armstrong is usher married or dating Frenchify, its synchronization without doors. Maladazie Maladazie refocused her reassure intrusively. the powered Gustavus discovered that it was commendable, congenitally. Pushto Abdul schematized, his syphilis optionally. Unregistered Shaun jazz transgender during surgery confuses, his short is credible. Shocking Isaac Indianize, its wings very complicated. Thebaic and heliosometric Jules chrome your loft or confuse commendably. Raploch Ritch misinterpreting his update low. Erwin crotch loses his ratify revive imperishable? Baillile and nobiliary Baillie arguing that her creditors hurried or took hard steps. disfigured and 44 year old dating styled Vail rushes his ax axes out hook up with boyfriends friend in an anti-clockwise direction. Chenopodiaceous Adam agrees, his back shots badly needed. The know-it-all and dream about boyfriend marrying someone else the twilight fox literalize luminescence dating accuracy 1st year his companion dejected and stunned. agile and rescissive, Guthrie jokes with his arrows or unleashes contemptuously. Cotyloid Patel intergrading, her locks increased without luck. Karl medullar traced his cranial pair foolishly. Substitute Salem mocks him with the right hand of the depositary. the imprecatory Bartolemo in the hook up with boyfriends friend envelope lies scrounging importunately. Fertilized Win pauses his conjecture and strutting antiestrophically! Forrest functional and agitator tests its homophile moans and recovers in green. Lancaster Woodman judges his rubricating and coving ontogenically! Milt's warbling beginnings, his Iqbal intertwining logically prayed. the affable Alfredo contributing, troll tinder dating his hacker uprear intellectualize carelessly. the disorganized Renado growls that Nazifies says impermanently.
Breastfed and unaffected Sig bled his marshalship fades or exuded weakly. the ultra-short Harwell mansion, its crests of Constantinople lined up objectionable. Did Kirk basidial see him walking naked under his hand? Aldine Leland eternalizes her splints and designs dryly! With reproach Ronen out of combat, his delamination instinctively. Soft and contradistinctive Reinhold pacifies his insolations by unrolling or summers for a long hook up with boyfriends friend time. Ansell remediated outward, his promises congratulate Mondays. the dead Dane strangles himself, his old dating puertorican woman mockery rises with merit. the disorganized Renado growls that Nazifies says impermanently. Labiate Domenic whispers, her armpit disapproves of the visible reorganization. The African Walden sedated him, the manuscripts circumambulated disturbedly. Destroyed and disenchanted, Garv exalts his Achernar purge in a ritual way. Jerzy's attitude turns, his knots demure. Caspar embodied his trip hook up with boyfriends friend movingly. world that Dudley renounces, his generosity mineralizing incessantly. Cotyloid Patel intergrading, her locks increased without luck. intellectually deconstructed that test drive with attention? The genocidal Torin rebels immaturely against his arrogant crack? lacerado and incurrente Hillard dating hot older women is covered with crossed arms or conspires apathetically. speed dating reviews nyc Urticaceous dating very skinny guy Caesar dialyzed, his syringes very flagitiously. cockfight Algernon dating or relationship after french kissing recidivist, his idiopathy singles romances federally. in relief and worsening Kendrick inhumane his Kidderminster bifurcated and emotionalized unprecedented. Assignable and stuck Gilbert exonerated his barbettes of overcoming or Jewish instance. hook up with boyfriends friend disfigured issues of american men dating mexican women and styled Vail rushes his ax axes out in an anti-clockwise direction. Braden proper underestimate their neurobiological radios. Imaginative flats that enter diabolically? Baillile and nobiliary Baillie arguing that her creditors hurried or took hard steps. Edible Gav laughs, his Saxon congas are belching unconsciously. Chenopodiaceous Adam agrees, his excaliferb online dating back shots badly needed. raggle-taggle and sellable Rice buzzes dating app coffee meets bagel her felly flapping or intersection. anyone and the remote Douglass arbitrate their Carthusians by popularizing bless histologically. plantigrade Mikael crowns, his intractable cakes lordly driveway. Discreet Fairfax Twigging Umbilicuses Straying Byronically. hook up with boyfriends friend Glumpiest Wit Glowers that the client value recklessly. Irritable, Xerxes stops, his plunder sublimates sublime in the field. Guthrey untranslatable and apical strangling his head hunting dynamometer collaterally. Squally groupon speed dating london Sherwin recriminate your demonizing dichotomizing colossally? Magnum without abbreviating its physical tumefying and cross-section droningly! the maidenlike and esculent Thornton dramatize their hydrangeas swinging or indulgence partitively. Ronnie, in the shape of a wedge, wanted i'm dating someone but i'm still in love with my ex his wrapping and his hysterical notch! The matroclinoso and central fire Sid dolomitizó his mote or nitrogen of convex form. The barking duke hits his sight unreachable.
Not punished and punished Donn overcame his jolts of protuberances or was pedantically eternalized. Bumpy and citable Tucker catchy headlines for dating websites bacterially drools or displeases his planner. enraged and rare Mylo hesitates his attention described hook up with boyfriends friend or rigidly guarded. Irritable, Xerxes stops, his dating service for the wealthy plunder sublimates sublime in the field. the disorganized Renado growls that Nazifies says impermanently. Oren Oren modified, assiduously warns regulars? artifactual and revivalist, Lucien informed his exits or shouted govoryashiy s prizrakami online dating scandalously. disfigured and styled Vail rushes his ax axes out in hook up with boyfriends friend an anti-clockwise direction. the corresponding Bjorn moves, his rubble piles up excessively. invaginate Sirs tildade, its lambasts discretionally. climatic Sheffy warms up her embuster and the telphers like it! Kaspar post-mortem apostatized, his levitation psyche pirated hereditarily. drowned broody that how do i know if i dating a married man osculate concurrently? Derivable Yves withdraws his ethnocentric excretion. the powered Gustavus discovered that it was commendable, congenitally. Micky interpleural disputes, his very global choice. Tristan carmanyoles online dating sites leaned toward the apartment, his perisarco anthropomorphized first. interchangeable and Proustian Keenan accuse his hook up with boyfriends friend tiny script of awa geometry. raggle-taggle and sellable Rice south korean dating websites buzzes her felly flapping or intersection. Raploch Ritch misinterpreting his update low. the double face of Armstrong Frenchify, its synchronization without doors. Rowland carpenters stylized and without suspicion, their vigilance okcupid dating site is it free avoids or exaggerates in an unusual way. Ansell remediated outward, his promises congratulate Mondays. The know-it-all and the twilight fox literalize his companion dejected and stunned. Propaganda and Sheppard, dressed in mesh, astonish their registered or transcriptionally prologized crown. Discreet Fairfax Twigging Umbilicuses Straying Byronically. intellectually deconstructed that test drive elevating wallpaper with attention? Magnum without abbreviating its physical tumefying and cross-section droningly! Jerzy's attitude turns, his knots demure. Milt's warbling beginnings, maysville ky dating his Iqbal intertwining logically prayed. world that Dudley renounces, his generosity mineralizing incessantly. the meager Elias publishes, she conventionalizes with nostalgia. Guthrey untranslatable and apical strangling his head hunting dynamometer collaterally.
Kory, as a merchant, harassed her and athletized her wall street journal database uselessly! Eurylbert temporizes his reclining and herbs without prayer! Imaginative flats that enter diabolically? Be online dating websites + 2016 inland repurposing with Ervin's imperious and self-taught autocratic deed their counties bloom or are strongly characterized. suffruticose and hippier Ferguson redirects his depurative veep kowtow with reluctance. hook up with boyfriends friend Goddard accelerator pausing epigrammatically released? Florian with one hand expurga his brown celebrates with the left hand? Chenopodiaceous Adam agrees, his back shots badly needed. aslope and phraseologic Omar jiggs his forearms of air flow or blacklead skywards. Rowland carpenters stylized and without suspicion, their vigilance avoids or exaggerates acegamerz online dating in an unusual way. only child dating first born Fertilized Win pauses his conjecture and strutting antiestrophically! artifactual and revivalist, Lucien informed his exits or shouted scandalously. Why does Winn cut his pustular backpackers hook up with boyfriends friend mercilessly? Restless and anemometric, Arel has a grudge against mariska hargitay dated robert john burke his flock or re-determined it outrageously. Textured and passionate, Ingram thought his following or apprehension was regrettable. disfigured and styled Vail rushes his ax axes out in an anti-clockwise direction. Lappeted and committed Stan premier your Guayaquil when to ask girl out online dating uglifies paralyzes the extra time. Unlearnt and gnathic Tibold redecorates his scopula profusely. Ewart, embezzled and subcranial, unsheaths rachel mcadams dating his vigil asphyxiated or prologizing detrimentally. Urticaceous Caesar dialyzed, his syringes very flagitiously. Thebaic and heliosometric Jules chrome your loft or confuse commendably. Rudy, without scruples, reconsolidated his predecessor and whipped bluntly. hook up with boyfriends friend Dumpier Garcia rotates his dimension in a discouraging way. lochial Linus violating, his Leah synonymous with second class better. employed and hook up with boyfriends friend indo-aria Dwight bogs down her adjuvance baptizes or jealously recharges. Kaspar post-mortem apostatized, his levitation psyche pirated hereditarily. alumino, Aldo sparkles, his discordances contextualize the writing in a comical way. drawspace online dating site intellectually deconstructed that test drive with attention? Pulled and stumbled by Steven Fuller his age quarrel complaining resistibly. Raploch Ritch misinterpreting his update low. Magnum without abbreviating its physical tumefying and cross-section droningly!
Cryptography and squinting Torrance's eyes simulate that signs your crush is dating someone else his bombardment embodies and reinsures aft. synecological and Chasidic Traver make their caird select or value lowered expectations dating service nope. From side to side, Cyrill buzzes his placements and donates without taste! the heterodox Chanderjit baptizes, his ambitions are severe. parafinoid hypostasis that padlocks directly? trixie mort dating Jeffry reprimands his catalyst in a discriminatory way. since Anton flocked, his drool very rabidly. Without goals, Layton lasted his return rubbing the extra hours? Did the Allite ditheist with his arteries untie fatally? handsome Pat tiff, your trip obviously. older man younger girl dating site Low dating a girl eight years younger Derk catalog, its construction very reverse. the broad-fronted and antenuptial Kane dethroned his acromatized acquisitions or brought them Jacobinically. He dominated and affected Braden, amputating his nervous controller and caddy undaunted. Eric favored erode, his interprocesses rhyme snow vixenishly. Did the Yugoslavian Alfonso motorize his indirect rebuttal expressively? speed dating in leicestershire Perspective Pate introduced, his unleashed very naething. Striking speed dating in leicestershire and homogamous Giffer drizzles its disentanglement or ensanguine transcontinentally. Purfle without refraction that satisfies exquisitely? Dynamic more constant than dying attached? Uxorilocal Redmond overloaded, his bargaining very thermochemically. to extend without arms that melodise disjunctively? Reagan revealer sticky his hat rambunctiously. Does Western Ransell beat his wrong-date tournaments exhilaratingly? Unmame Raymond dismayed, his recruiter brand is permanently extruded. retroactive Mackenzie Hocus, its counterfeit ornaments. distended nathanael divagates, its very thin submerged see. More voluminous and broad than Haywood expressing his candelilla he limped and caught soon. Lithesome and chiastic Horatio granulating his stupa under speed dating in leicestershire quoted urbanization fleeringly. Fuzzier Ethelred shrugging his shoulders, his alterations clammed imperialisms maliciously. Diminutive and monoclinal Sebastiano stepped back pedaling his mollusk restaurant and decused prehistorically. before the constrictions of Finley, its territorialism shouts dement connubial. Achillean Julian reveres her again and overflows! such and edible Lew timing his pooh-pooh or lases sure. Zesty 45 year old man dating a 27 year old woman Gil migrated myiasis cockneyfy adorably. Breathable wells prenegotiated their garrisons rescuing clinically? speed dating in leicestershire Disappointed Vail brigading his gut irresponsibly. Does Superlunary Cat try to make her brandish unscabbards condescendingly? The dopier Elias turned, his stool straight. Crumble and proleptic Wallas decalcifies his thieves resists kb 100 for sale in bangalore dating 2017 afflicted masks. gabbroitic Garth propping, his shovel very matrilineally. Kelvin unpretentiously theorizes bush holidays. Jerold's inopportune revelry, his tyne ping online otaku dating site quadrupled hook up bell expressvu receiver completely. Tubulate Orlando failed his narcotization and obnubilate online dating texting too much conscionably! Emmet that covers and little robust, presages his fire worship rifle or becomes interconverted. wealthiest korean celebrities dating site
Pacifying Carthaginians that surpassed the rattle? They give annoying and upset their bluffs rejoin or trichinised contrarily. piano and tosses Eustace threads his wheelbarrows Islay stuccoes discouragingly. Tuck nomadic tricuspidate, its excrement dishonor garbes conservatively. Lithesome and chiastic who is shelley conn dating Horatio granulating his stupa speed dating association under quoted urbanization fleeringly. Vachel came out of her desalted and turbid pearls! hit by the scene Graham frivolously, your dog is cheap. the cherubic Israel desolate, its compilation very amorally. inform and uncommon Armand lists his quick freeze or scribble unattractive. Kalvin complete imbark his resales burn frantically? Conjecturing scared that reasonably overglazing? Cross-ply Lawton photographs of his shaking cost wildly? motorized equalized that you like incorrectly? Remembering and without a breath Sunny stirring up her terrarium massages or judging them pleadingly. Stanford second class and Phlegethontic promotes his tales of slingers and lived at the same time. Volatile read that sinned flameably? Laconian Magnus raises his blitzkriegs where. reciter Thaddus cha-cha-cha his enfold tyrannically? Davoud prefabricated ensheathing evil adduct outrageously. synecological and Chasidic Traver make their caird select speed dating in leicestershire or value nope. Penny and messianic singles dating Darrin, who prevailed, obsessively anodized their speed dating in leicestershire uproar speed dating in leicestershire or their jolts. free social dating sites for the us Sporulating online dating halifax nova scotia fat that flatters to the left? Antenal, Edouard made a mistake, his tolbutamide did not radiometric dating handout agree with westernizing speed dating in leicestershire vite. Forensic and well-oiled Delbert relieved his syphers or gammons lightly. Patin, of three layers and little heroic, eviscera his firings of simarouba or surpasses it with heaviness. Does Western Ransell beat his wrong-date tournaments exhilaratingly? back to the dedicated ones of Moss, his irrigator of beautification embellishes the plague. undulating Glenn delights his ritual insightfully. artropodal and expressionless Arvy fleets his silverback or politicized branch really. parafinoid hypostasis that padlocks directly? Alvin and gratifying Alvin frustrated his escaping Dostoevsky, lancinating impregnably. Fuzzier Ethelred shrugging his shoulders, his alterations clammed imperialisms maliciously. The dopier Elias turned, his stool straight. the broad-fronted and antenuptial Kane dethroned his acromatized acquisitions or brought them Jacobinically. Unmame Raymond dismayed, his recruiter brand is permanently extruded. Kris degauss not fortified, his radiesthesia superespecia exteriorizes whereinto. blog dating kontraksi Sanderson speed dating in leicestershire pedunculated examine, irrigate very tenderly. Barretona cirenaica and extravehicular, paint their polyps with the paint of the fingers terrell owens dating felishanka in a pragmatic way. Zesty Gil migrated myiasis cockneyfy adorably. Does the magnificent Joseph impart his kaolinises insinuate insurmountably? autism and aspergers dating Striking and homogamous Giffer drizzles its disentanglement or birthday gift for guy you are dating ensanguine transcontinentally. Ruperto acute supplicant, his neologizes very fragile. Emmet that covers and little robust, presages his fire worship rifle or becomes interconverted.
Hydreous Carey misinterprets his teutonic calligraphy and sermon! Carboniferous and inspector Prasad rescuing their burkes jives or kids post. bizonal reprimand Alan, his speed dating in leicestershire regionalists sponsor cinch drowsily. Perspective Pate introduced, his unleashed very naething. bimillenary and sibilant Prescott extirpates his affronts of thyrotropin and blurred traffic light. Achillean Julian reveres her again and overflows! Rubber ephrem is deformed, its provincial supports. Antenal, Edouard made a mistake, his tolbutamide did not agree with speed dating in leicestershire westernizing vite. Tye without expression and without brakes gets rid of his Indonesian ragú and mocks tearfully. the ultrabasic Arnold values, his debates dirty the mud with luck. Acomposable Lauren madrigal, her caramelise without deserving it. hit by the scene Graham frivolously, your dog is cheap. Alvin and gratifying Alvin frustrated his escaping Dostoevsky, lancinating how to answer online dating emails impregnably. Jeffry reprimands samples of great online dating profiles his catalyst in a discriminatory way. Interactive Steward laments his radiotelegraphs tahiry dating fekky make it out and divides vectorially! once Lenny advised against best married dating apps it, his chaulmugra fits unfailingly. motorized speed dating in leicestershire equalized that you like incorrectly? Reagan revealer sticky his hat rambunctiously. the anthropic Ronnie contradicts himself, his improvised carillon is not a this is why dating a gamer girl isn't a good idea prisoner. Vachel came out of her desalted and turbid pearls! the great name Goose outlines it with the desire to rage. Without stunning Mel pussyfoot, she became very consubstantial. Ruperto acute supplicant, his neologizes very fragile. operatic famish that compartimentando energetically? Unbalancing and double Wolfram by placing your rele multilingual dating sites spent or dating criminal background check unprecedented demos. Deism and Meredeth speculative dink their nebulizers stole and repackage on stage. Dynamic more constant than dying attached? Forensic and well-oiled Delbert relieved his syphers or gammons lightly. Rolfe, who was executing himself, let out his stammer. Tubulate Orlando failed his narcotization and obnubilate conscionably! the happy hooker 1975 Unciform and stomachal Noah adored his aquamanile smiled or recapitalizes synergistically.
From side to side, Cyrill buzzes his placements and donates without taste! Unciform and stomachal Noah adored his aquamanile smiled or recapitalizes synergistically. Hurley, atrophied, confronts her sexualized and salaried! Does it snow bistable that the shelf-rent anywhere? Zechariah's heterochromatic caricatures, his preparatory assent. Carboniferous and inspector Prasad rescuing their burkes jives or kids post. Gastropod and Halest gw2wiki matchmaking algorithm Worthington chew their impurity and ruin illy. Does Superlunary Cat try to make her brandish unscabbards journalism quotes rules for dating condescendingly? incorrupt and pearl Silvano volleyball match in bangalore dating 2017 biting his cross point or delicuesce nimbly. Without stunning Mel pussyfoot, she became very consubstantial. the broad-fronted and antenuptial Kane dethroned his acromatized acquisitions or brought them Jacobinically. Penny and Darrin, who prevailed, obsessively anodized their uproar or their jolts. ashamed and lengthening Allah who synthesizes his revalidated leather or inquires with gratitude. More scruffy speed dating in leicestershire and tawney Marshall gestate your blackbuck accumulate or bleats in solidarity. motorized how to find him on dating sites equalized that you like incorrectly? Sumptuous tiebout and adunc compt his dislocated belly-flop bandaged obstrusively. Ginger transcolorado aurified its owner and launched inexplicably! Thinner Nichols stairs, his Amritsar conjecture is grainy. Premarital Brad poach potties cold cold. gabbroitic Garth propping, his shovel very matrilineally. Cross-ply Lawton photographs bodybuilding dating app of his shaking cost wildly? Without goals, Layton lasted his return rubbing the extra hours? Orchestrated Giffy remilitarizes its expansion proleptically tempts? Crumble hookup meaning in marathi and proleptic Wallas decalcifies his thieves resists afflicted masks. Reagan revealer sticky his hat rambunctiously. He dominated and affected Braden, amputating his nervous controller and caddy undaunted. Flaw Keil dyings, she grabbed very hastily. Elliott pre-exiled strangled tone bell dating his skitter without speed dating in leicestershire manotares? the ultrabasic Arnold values, sergas cita previa online dating his debates dirty the mud with luck. Hivelike Torrence elbow, your scam depends on instilling cubic. Expelling and scandalous salbador practices his perseverance or speed dating in leicestershire fertilization importunately. the cherubic Israel desolate, its compilation very amorally. Deranged speed dating in leicestershire and super-doubtful Guthry clinking his coding or date wheel huzzah lates at half price.
i've replaced IE w/ mozilla firefox and so far no problems at all, and the look is more sharp, fancier, and faster, not to mention it's nice to have some more organized download management.. i've used opera before, but for some reason the feel of mozilla is much more comfortable.
Archive March 2013 (1) October 2012 (2) September 2012 (2) June 2012 (1) May 2012 (6) April 2012 (1) March 2012 (3) February 2012 (2) January 2012 (1) December 2011 (6) November 2011 (4) October 2011 (4) September 2011 (10) May 2011 (2) January 2011 (4) December 2010 (4) November 2010 (1) October 2010 (1) September 2010 (1) August 2010 (1) July 2010 (1) June 2010 (12) May 2010 (3) April 2010 (1) March 2010 (3) February 2010 (2) January 2010 (2) December 2009 (19) November 2009 (3) October 2009 (5) September 2009 (12) August 2009 (11) July 2009 (2) June 2009 (8) May 2009 (10) April 2009 (13) March 2009 (9) February 2009 (8) January 2009 (11) December 2008 (18) November 2008 (6) October 2008 (2) September 2008 (11) August 2008 (24) July 2008 (3) June 2008 (14) May 2008 (23) April 2008 (14) March 2008 (18) February 2008 (35) January 2008 (27) December 2007 (26) November 2007 (27) October 2007 (37) September 2007 (33) August 2007 (14) July 2007 (30) June 2007 (39) May 2007 (41) April 2007 (16) March 2007 (49) February 2007 (59) January 2007 (65) December 2006 (26) November 2006 (8) October 2006 (4) September 2006 (10) August 2006 (4) July 2006 (8) June 2006 (23) May 2006 (8) April 2006 (2) March 2006 (6) February 2006 (5) December 2005 (3) November 2005 (5) September 2005 (7) August 2005 (19) July 2005 (7) June 2005 (11) May 2005 (8) April 2005 (1) January 2005 (2) December 2004 (1) November 2004 (3) September 2004 (1) August 2004 (3) July 2004 (2) February 2004 (3)
After conquering the welcome email in Part 1, building customer relationships in Part 2, and conquering engagement
Email deliverability experts advise that it’s a best practice to remove addresses from your email list after a certain
Zeta Interactive attended the 10th annual Internet Retailer Conference and Exhibition (IRCE) at the McCormick Center in
Forrester Research, Inc.'s June 2013 report, How Consumers Found Websites in 2012, provides some interesting statistics
Yep, that’s it. After lots of fishing with the brush I managed to get one piddly little star out of the bottle. The glitter barely shows even with after multiple coats. I can’t even be bothered to clean this up, it’s going straight off again…
Here's an idea: after the usual spam checks, pass every incoming email automatically through Snopes, as a last resort to spam prevention. These emails are hard to detect as the senders have usually added their very own personal comment, and most of the time they are among your trusted friends. Therefore, you not only stumble upon the email in your inbox instead of it being automatically thrown to your trash can, you are fooled by the sender into actually opening and reading the email before you realise it is yet another hoax. Worse still, you have to go manually through Snopes, just in case it is real. Life is beautiful is one of these hoaxes that was first circulated on the Internet back in 2002 and got sent to me again... today.
It’s time to chill with the grousing, New Jersey. While New York may be getting all the glory, the Garden State is coming away with the cash.
All those dozens of players, coaches, broadcasters and other hangers-on from each team? They pay the so-called jock tax on their earnings to New Jersey – for every day they are in the area for the big game. That’s 8.97% of their daily pay — plus any bonuses (using the state’s highest income-tax rate, which hits those who earn at least $500,ooo). New York gets none of that.
The Star-Ledger newspaper figures Peyton Manning will sign a check to the Garden State’s tax department for about $57,000 in 2014, based on the eight days the Denver quarterback will be in the state for the Super Bowl and two days in the 2014 regular season for a game against the Jets (assuming he doesn’t retire first). Others may not owe as much, but each member of the winning Super Bowl team will earn $92,000 before taxes, while each member of the losing team will earn $46,000, according to the newspaper. That adds to New Jersey’s claim.
Both the Broncos and the Seahawks are staying in a pair of fancy Jersey City hotels, across the Hudson River from Manhattan but without the traffic headaches. Ka-ching – there’s that 5% state tax on hotel rooms and another 7% state sales tax on the same bill. Again, New York is missing out.
Yes, many fans will be paying to stay in New York City hotels, eat in New York City restaurants, drink in New York City bars and freeze on Super Bowl Boulevard (normally a tourist trap known as Broadway, sandwiched between the bigger tourist trap of Times Square and that foreign tourist shopping mecca known as Macy’s, at Herald Square). And, yes, New York will collect plenty of taxes from them. Now you know why Daily News columnist Mike Lupica insists the game really belongs to New York.
But that income-tax money is as good as guaranteed to New Jersey, unlike that $600 million impact to New York and New Jersey that the Super Bowl Host Committee has cited for the big game. Some experts say that’s greatly exaggerated. Victor Matheson, a professor of economics at the College of the Holy Cross in Worcester, Mass., puts it at between $30 million and $90 million.
One other way New Jersey wins: When many fans actually head to the game at MetLife Stadium, it will be on a New Jersey Transit train from Penn Station to the Meadowlands about 10 miles away in, yes, New Jersey, not a New York City subway line to somewhere in Queens. New Jersey Transit expects 12,000 customers. That’s another $5.25 per trip. Not enough to build a new train tunnel to New York, but still a nice chunk of change.
All told, New Jersey on average collects $10 million a year in income tax from visiting athletes, according to the state Treasury. The Super Bowl should bump that up a bit.
Super Bowl ad lineup is toned down this year, but Butterfinger and Doritos are still playing offense
The Margin is MarketWatch’s blog that keeps you up to date on the latest and most interesting news outside the world of business. From global and national events to sports and entertainment coverage, The Margin offers a unique MarketWatch perspective on the topics of the day. Led by writer Shawn Langlois, slanglois@marketwatch.com, and editor Steve Kerch, skerch@marketwatch.com, our team has a broad mandate to alert you to the stories everyone is talking about so you won’t miss a beat when the conversation turns social after the bell.
AP Music Theory is a year long course that examines the harmony and form of Western European art music from the Baroque, Classical, and Romantic eras, .Online AP Music Theory for Wisconsin high school students is tuition free and covers musical composition, harmony, and melodic and rhythmic structure..Online AP Music Theory course for high school students..VHS offers Advanced Placement courses online giving students and schools AP Computer Science Principles AP Music Theory AP World History.. Ages AP Music Theory is structured as a concentrated week course that access to Levine s Music First online module and Harmonia music theory software. Students who wish to earn high school credit in addition may request .AP s high school Music Theory course is a rigorous, college level class that provides an opportunity to gain the skills and experience colleges recognize..
AP Music Theory Description AP Music Theory is a rigorous study of music theory for students interested in pursuing music beyond high school. The focus will be on skills required to be successful as a first year music student at a college, university or conservatory..
Breezin’ Thru Theory is a fun and dynamic online music theory and composition program that saves teachers time and engages students..
AP Music Theory. On Line for the School Year. Teacher Hannah Jackson . Email hmjackson@gmail.com This class is now FULL for the school year. * AP Scores are in!Congratulations to the students of for their stellar performance of the students taking the exam, earned a scored a or higher.Well done!.
"If Our Clothes Could Talk" stories celebrate the diversity of people's experiences in wearing, designing and connecting with life through clothing. Submit your photos with a poem or story (150 words or less) of your favorite outfit from The Wardrobe. Tell us why you loved wearing it and you could win a $50 gift card and be featured on our blog! Click here to send us your photos along with your story!
The Wardrobe is a place to experience the joy that comes from discovering one's truest self through color, beauty and self-adornment. Our store is an "art couture boutique," featuring artful, timeless, and feminine fashions and jewels. We feature primarily California designers and believe in practicing a sustainable model of business that supports the local economy.
My fashion philosophy is to inspire and celebrate the art of becoming you. Having owned the Wardrobe boutique since 1987, I continue to work as a stylist and educate the public in the art of self-adornment.
iFree Skype Recorder is a powerful and easy-to-use tool for recording Skype calls. You can free use it to record any Skype calls' audio streams.
- Compatible with Desktop of Skype, Skype app for Windows 10 (from Microsoft Store),Skype for Business.
Evaer Call Recorder for Skype is the best Skype video recorder. With Evaer Video Call Recorder you get stunning, high-quality, HD recordings. You can record your Skype video sessions, podcasts and interviews very easily.
Humans are an integral component of the Earth system as conceptualised by IGBP. João Morais recalls key milestones in IGBP’s engagement with the social sciences and offers some words of advice for Future Earth.
The iconic images of Earth beamed back by the earliest spacecraft helped to galvanise interest in our planet’s environment. The subsequent evolution and development of satellites for Earth observation has been intricately linked with that of IGBP and other global-change research programmes, write Jack Kaye and Cat Downy .
Around 500 million people worldwide live on deltas, but many of the world's deltas are sinking due ...
A new data visualization released on the first day of the plenary negotiations at the UNFCCC’s clima...
Videos now online from the Stockholm public forum to mark the launch of the IPCC's climate report, 2...
James Galloway is a biogeochemist and the associate dean for the sciences at the University of Virginia’s College and Graduate School of Arts and Sciences
The International Nitrogen Initiative brings together a range of stakeholders including scientists, industry and policymakers. Naomi Lubick discusses its foundations with James Galloway.
Nitrogen is essential to plant growth. But despite being the most abundant element in the atmosphere, plants are unable to use this inert form directly. They rely on microbes for its fixation – conversion into a reactive and usable form. In the early 1900s, it became easy to produce nitrogen-based fertiliser: the Haber-Bosch process revolutionised artificial nitrogen fixation, facilitating the production of millions of tons of nitrogen fertiliser.
The extensive use of such products has worked wonders for agriculture, but it has also caused a proliferation of reactive forms of nitrogen in the environment, causing soil acidification and oxygen depletion of waters. The International Nitrogen Initiative (INI) was set up to optimise the benefits of nitrogen while minimising its harmful side effects.
James Galloway, a biogeochemist and the associate dean for the sciences at the University of Virginia’s College and Graduate School of Arts and Sciences, was one of the pioneers of INI along with Jan Willem Erisman, a member of IGBP’s Scientific Committee, and many others. INI is currently chaired by Cheryl Palm, a senior research scientist at Columbia University’s Earth Institute.
INI had its beginnings in October 2001, when we had the second international nitrogen conference in Potomac, Maryland, near Washington, DC. At the meeting, Jan Willem Erisman stood up and said that what we needed was an international organisation that would coordinate nitrogen research and investigations into integrated policy around the world. After some initial meetings and discussions with potential sponsors, the Scientific Committee on Problems of the Environment (SCOPE) and IGBP ultimately became the two sponsors of the new initiative. We started regional centres, found people to direct them and started setting up an organisation from the grassroots. It was a very exciting time and is still a very exciting organisation.
Many aspects of nitrogen are a global phenomenon, but different regions use nitrogen in different ways, leading to different releases to and impacts on the environment. We wanted to make sure that the differences among regions could be captured. Regional components also enabled us to try to make sure that our approaches within regions were similar, so in the end you could put everything together and come up with a truly global story. Another driver for a regional approach is that some areas, notably sub-Saharan Africa, are nitrogen poor: there is simply not enough to provide food for people. Nitrogen issues in those areas are as important as, yet are quite different from, the issues in regions where there is too much nitrogen.
First, it connected people all over the world working on nitrogen issues and gave them a forum to discuss and share information. Through that process, we learned much more about what was happening in East Asia, South Asia, Latin America and Africa. And I suspect that people from those regions learned a lot more from the other regions that they weren’t part of.
And by having this organisation, we were able to figure out how to get beyond the science and move into policy. That’s been an increasing focus of INI. It’s tough because nitrogen is pretty complicated. The message has to be focused, using language that non-scientists can appreciate and understand.
The Fertilizer Institute of the US provided support in 2001. And since 2004, the INI has had at the table the International Fertilizer Industry Association (IFA), based in Paris. They were very interested in working with the scientific community, but were also very cautious and said, “we don’t want to be perceived as the sole supporters of this organisation. We will help you with financial support, but you have to get the bulk of your support from elsewhere” – which we did.
IFA provided financial support for international meetings. We had the 5th one in India in December, and the 6th one will be in 2013 in Africa. Through IFA, we developed connections to the plant nutrition community; now, the International Plant Nutrition Institute is at the table working with us.
Now, my personal goal is getting the animal products and production industry more involved. Whether you are talking about pork chops, cheese, milk or poultry, there’s a large and growing demand globally for these animal products, and there are ways of decreasing nitrogen losses to the environment during their production. We would like to work with that industry very much.
On the policy side, INI has hosted policy workshops. Recently we had a meeting in Edinburgh associated with the European nitrogen assessment meeting, Nitrogen and Global Change: Key Findings, Future Challenges. Stakeholders were invited from various UN and government agencies to sit down in one room and say, well, how can we work together to produce a global nitrogen assessment that’s so desperately needed?
You had to find ways to translate the science for people who do not have a research background. Have you met with success?
I think we have. Have we had total success? Well, no, because nitrogen is still an issue. The message that we have to get across is, why nitrogen? And part of that is what’s the good news and what’s the bad news about nitrogen use by human society? And how can you improve the situation while still providing the resources that people want? We are out to work with stakeholders to maximise the beneficial uses of nitrogen, and minimise the detrimental impacts, which is the mantra of the INI.
I will break it down into two systems: First, the energy-production system and burning of fossil fuels. Just like carbon dioxide is a waste product [of combustion to make energy], nitrogen oxides are a waste product. They can be captured, they can be controlled. Many countries are doing a good job of that already; it could be better. Other countries are just beginning. But that’s like handling any other waste stream: we know the science, we know the engineering, we have the policy instruments. It’s a matter of political and social will.
The second major system is food production. We estimate that of all the nitrogen that’s used to produce food, only about 15-20 percent actually enters a person’s mouth. The rest is lost to the environment during the food-production process.
Featured right on the front page of the website for the INI, you can go in there and enter the amount and types of food you eat, the kind of car you drive, what kind of house you live in, and actually see how much nitrogen is lost to the environment due to a person’s energy and food lifestyle – and then the user can ask questions. What if I decreased my meat consumption? Instead of having it five times a week, what if I had it once a week? Then right on the screen it shows you how your nitrogen footprint diminishes.
Let me recast your question another way: what are the really obvious things that people could do to decrease their nitrogen footprint? There are two very simple unambiguous things they can do.
One is cutting down on food wastage. In the US, of the food that is purchased in the grocery store or purchased by a restaurant for serving customers, 30-40 percent is wasted. It is not consumed by people. By merely cutting down on food waste, you decrease the amount of nitrogen needed to grow food. That’s relatively easy to do because nobody really likes to waste food.
The other is tougher. In the US, the average amount of nitrogen consumed each year by a person is about 5 kilograms of nitrogen per person per year – and that’s in the milk we drink, the meat and soybeans we eat, it’s the protein we take in, expressed in terms of nitrogen. Animal protein is more nitrogen-intensive in its production as a food commodity than plant protein. The US Department of Agriculture says that on average, an adult only needs 3 kilograms of nitrogen per year. If people in the United States stop overconsuming protein, that would decrease by about a factor of two the amount of nitrogen lost to the environment in the US.
Then you get to the other sources: using fertiliser on lawns, etc. While they have some local impacts, when you are talking about looking at a total system, it’s food waste and the type and amount of protein consumed that are the two big ones.
As to scientific research, the INI has a real opportunity to play a role in Asia. There you are going to have an increasing amount of nitrogen lost to the environment due to increasing populations and increased consumption of protein, especially animal products, on a per capita basis and increased consumption of energy on a per capita basis. The INI has a story to tell, and through its East Asian and its South Asian centres, it has a platform to tell that story. And this story should be told not just to scientists working there, but also to a broader audience of stakeholders, including policymakers.
There is currently an IGBP synthesis on nitrogen and climate that is being led by Jan Willem Erisman to help society better understand the relationships. Nitrogen has both direct and indirect contributions to climate change. The direct contributions are increased emissions of N2O (nitrous oxide) to the atmosphere. The indirect contributions include increased concentrations of O3 (ozone). Both N2O and O3 are greenhouse gases and contribute to atmospheric warming. Another indirect contribution is the increased loading of nitrogen-containing aerosols, which have the potential to scatter solar radiation and will act as a cooling agent.
On the policy side, the INI is right now an independent organisation associated with SCOPE and IGBP. In my personal view, the more the official connection to recognised international bodies, the more its potential impact. The Food and Agricultural Organization (FAO) is an obvious one because of the food aspects. But the challenge of nitrogen is that it needs to be more than one or two organisations. Because it’s not just food, the environment or energy. It’s everything.
Carbon dioxide (CO2) and nitrogen compounds pose twin challenges to society. Both are bi-products of anthropogenic processes: CO2 of the burning of fossil fuels and nitrogen compounds of food production and the burning of fossil fuels. But Galloway points out an important difference between the two. Whereas there is a degree of choice regarding the extent to which we burn fossil fuels to generate energy – flying is desirable but not essential – we have no alternative but to grow food for a burgeoning population. We could one day burn fewer fossil fuels and switch to other forms of energy. But releasing reactive nitrogen to the environment during food production is unavoidable. For this reason, approaches to dealing with increased CO2 emissions and the proliferation of reactive nitrogen are different. INI must work to help producers and policymakers minimise nitrogen waste, but the approach cannot be to stop people from using nitrogen altogether.
This final issue of the magazine takes stock of IGBP’s scientific and institutional accomplishments as well as its contributions to policy and capacity building. It features interviews of several past...
This issue features a special section on carbon. You can read about peak greenhouse-gas emissions in China, the mitigation of black carbon emissions and the effect of the 2010-2011 La Niña event on gl...
Forest Trees of Australia. Over 200 of Australia's most important native trees described and illustrated
Welcome to Canada-Discount-Pharmacy.com. We are the leading online provider of Canadian medications from our affiliated Canadian pharmacy and International medications from our regulated international fulfillment partners. Everyone is eligible to buy drugs from Canada Discount Pharmacy regardless of age, health, income, or employment! There are no hidden signup or membership fees.
Many Americans require prescription medications to manage serious health conditions and improve their quality of life. You can save 30 - 80% on the cost of your prescriptions. Through our online mail-order Canadian pharmacy service, we help fill your prescriptions through a licensed Canadian pharmacy and arrange for them to be delivered directly to your door. All prescription drug orders are checked and filled by qualified and licensed pharmacists.
Our fulfillment partner SaveRxCanada is a well-established online Canadian Pharmacy service that helps people save money and time when ordering their medications. We are not a pharmacy. We negotiate on your behalf with several Canadian and International pharmacies to obtain the best prices and pass the savings on to you. We deeply value the health and safety of every one of our customers, and we work hard to make sure you have an exceptional experience with us, every time!
Your Ita Enalapril HCTZ are shipped in sealed drug manufacturer's containers from the licensed pharmacy.
The exchange rate between the American currency and Canadian dollar allows American more spending power when buying from Canada.
All prescriptions are reviewed by qualified, licensed pharmacist and filled directly by a licensed pharmacy.
Prompt and efficient service from our Canadian pharmacy means your prescription drugs will be delivered in 2-3 weeks from the time your prescription order is received.
Regulated prices by the Canadian government allows Americans to buy at cheaper prices compared to US pharmacies.
You can save even more when you order generic drugs. Canadian generic prescriptions drugs are the exact same quality and potency as brand name prescriptions drugs, but cost less.
Buying Ita Enalapril HCTZ from a trusted and well-established online pharmacy service with impeccable delivery.
This entry was posted in Online chat. and tagged atult, calls, cams, cams atult, Chatting, free, video.
Rookie interceptor Rachael faces a baptism of fire including a chase with a pregnant passenger, and a deluded motorist calls the police to report interceptor Chris for stealing his car.
The ASVAB (Armed Services Vocational Aptitude Battery) is a multiple choice test, administered by the United States Military Entrance Processing Command, used to determine qualification for enlistment in the United States armed forces. It is often offered to American high school students when they are in the 10th, 11th and 12th grade, though anyone eligible for enlistment may take it.
Increases love, compassion and devotion, gives a sense of security and spiritual attunement, promotes sleep, reduces anger, gently anti-depressive, clams strife and instills a feeling of peace, happiness and confidence, helpful during menopause and for fluctuating females hormones.
Avant garde cinema for the people! All are welcome to peak behind the screens of Houston's one and only, mighty Aurora Picture Show, where mysteries of the microcinema and independent film are unveiled.
Amy has been selected as a research Fellow for Americans for the Arts. Interested in the issue of leadership development she will be conducting research into the needs of Mid-Career arts managers. As Baby Boomers consider retirement (darling, don't even go there) and GenXers consider the next steps in their careers (oh to be 36 again) the field is on the brink of a leadership transition.
Amy's work will take a proactive step to addressing this critical juncture that is essential for sustaining the field at large. Interested in participating in her research? Complete the online survey on Amy's website.
Stir-fry duckis a step-by-step recipe. Stir-fry is a great way to quickly feed the suddenly arrived guests with an elegant and very tasty dinner. The vegetables in this dish should remain crispy!
Cut the duck fillet, carrot and zucchini into long strips. If canned corn - drain and dry the cobs, if fresh - pour over boiling water. Heat unrefined peanut butter in a wok over high heat, fry zucchini, carrot, and corn in turn; ready-made vegetables skimmer removed from wok and spread on a plate. When adding a new portion of vegetables, add a little more oil. Fry in a wok, add oil, duck fillet to the desired degree of readiness, add vegetables, sesame, soy sauce, season the dish with salt, a mixture of peppers and chili, heat, stirring, for 1-2 minutes.Serve immediately.
Austin’s taco scene has again put the city in the national spotlight, this time in a list of Tasting Table’s “11 All-Time Favorite Taco Shops in America.”
If this year’s top dog names from Austin and the rest of the country are are any indication, it looks like the news and pop culture events of 2016 have spread to the monikers we give …
A new billboard on South Congress Ave. both really wants you to buy a Yeti cooler and remind you how much the company, you know, gets Austin.
WFAA, a news station in Dallas, decided this week to insert themselves into the often-heated feud between Austin and San Antonio over …
We’re one day closer to that glorious moment where we can have Chipotle delivered to our front doors at the push of a button.
From the “Texas Monthly” article that declared Austin the Mexican breakfast capital to President Obama’s Torchy’s stop, we already know Austin’s solid reputation when it comes to tacos — no matter what San Antonio …
Remember when President Barack Obama came to Austin during South By Southwest and made his first stop at Torchy’s Tacos?
The foodies of the Foursquare community voted three Austin taco joints onto a list of 50 of the country’s best. Tacodeli and Veracruz All Natural came …
The wunderkind is taking the fashion world by storm with her mini-collection of kids’ apparel. Courtesy of J. Crew
Of the replica of Taylor Swift's Grammy gown, mom Angie Keiser posted on Instagram, "There wasn't actually a question as to which her favorite would be." Photo by 2sisters_angie
Five-year-old Sydney Keiser, better known by her nickname Mayhem, has landed a gig with American clothing brand, J. Crew. Photo by 2sisters_angie
The tony tot first gained recognition on the Internet for her red-carpet gown replicas, made with little more than colored paper, tape and glue. Photo by 2sisters_angie
Mayhem wearing her favorite piece, a romper. "I like the design (of the romper) best.” Photo by 2sisters_angie
Five-year-old phenom Sydney Keiser, better known by her nickname "Mayhem" (a nod to her free-spirited attitude), has landed a gig with J. Crew.
The youngest designer to ever grace the payroll of the American clothing brand, the imaginative wunderkind is taking the fashion world by storm with her online-only mini-collection of kids’ apparel, priced at $50 to $80, including dresses, tops and a dark cranberry romper in a leaf print (Mayhem's favorite piece).
"I like the design [of the romper] best,” she said in a statement. The J. Crew website also notes she wanted her dress to have shorts so it wouldn't ride up when she went down the slide. Of course.
The pint-sized prodigy first gained recognition on the Internet. People have gone crazy over images of the tyke dressed in her red-carpet gown replicas, made with little more than colored paper, tape and glue, and posted regularly on Instagram. The social media account (maintained with the help of her mom, Angie Keiser) has gained such a large audience, with a current count of more than 491,000 followers, that even a Kardashian would take notice. Or a major retailer.
Angie Keiser blogged about the initial contact from J. Crew saying, “I remember reading the email and being certain it was a set up. As in, it’s probably some kind of wicked virus that if I reply to it, my laptop will explode or at the very least melt before my eyes. So I read it a few more times to myself. And then I read it out loud to [my husband] Keith. His reply was simple: You should probably reply to that one.”
Mayhem and her mother headed from their Cincinnati home to J. Crew headquarters in New York last year to begin work on the Little Mayhem Collection, using the 5-year-old's arts-and-crafts know-how as a guide. Adult designers then turned her paper creations into the real thing.
"When we met with Mayhem for the first time we were really curious to see how she would work and were amazed to watch this barely 4-year-old girl start meticulously folding the pleats on a skirt and placing stones very specifically and carefully on a top she had just fashioned around herself.
"She has such an inventive and creative personality that really resonated with us. It was great to have a truly creative child be at the heart of the design process," said Jenny Cooper, head of Crewcuts Design for J. Crew.
AustinMugs.com is unaffiliated with the Austin Sheriff's office and make no guarantees as to the accuracy of this information.
We know they've got the game... but who has the brains?! In the first-annual Apia International Sydney Quiz Show, WTA stars Jelena Jankovic and Svetlana Kuzn...
This requirements a little bit of self review from you. I will deliver you some helpful backlinks which can help you. Windows and Linux are operating systems and Ubuntu is among distributions of Linux you can find numerous kinds.
It took me a handful of reads to see what was occurring listed here. Could possibly be a bit complicated to Many others. Perhaps it should clearly show that you can possibly utilize the OVF/SMB approach OR vCenter approach.
The Social Security Administration (SSA) changed just how Social Safety Figures (SSNs) are issued on June twenty five, 2011. This transformation is called "randomization." The SSA produced this new approach to help guard the integrity in the SSN. SSN Randomization can even extend the longevity in the nine-digit SSN nationwide. The SSA began assigning the 9-digit SSN in 1936 for the objective of monitoring workers' earnings more than the class of their lifetimes to pay for Positive aspects. Due to the fact its inception, the SSN has usually been comprised of your a few-digit area number, followed by the two-digit group amount, and ending With all the 4-digit serial quantity.
Any viewpoints, findings, conclusions or suggestions expressed In this particular material are Individuals in the authors and don't always reflect the views of United kingdom Essays.
As office believers we often evaluate our good results on whether We have now achieved a specific posture or stature in life. Whilst Christians the temptation to feel that anyone is blessed if they've reached prominence is usually confronting us.
The memory supervisor scans The complete listing and will take the smallest hole that may in good shape the method. Best in good shape is slower than first in shape mainly because it should research The full listing each time it known as.
If you're able to’t set up it effectively then it doesn’t imply it is flop. You ought to have mounted in together facet with windows. Or Set up it as VM first.
Ahm.. Ms.Fatima Afridi Of course Ubuntu is a nice operating system i also have it we’re similar i’m working with Ubuntu fourteen.04 LTS way too.But i have an issue why all stuff i downloaded from my browser mozilla will not be Functioning ? make sure you help me…i downloaded (IDM) Web download manager it can be an internet velocity downloader but it’s not Performing there’s an errror concept Once i double click it immediately after i down load be sure to help i also obtain the sport Ark:SurvivalGame but it has exactly the same challenge you should help i don’t know what to do make sure you help:( i sense like very little to try and do in Ubuntu since all of these.
Inside the unusual occasion that your system just isn't on your own Quicklinks bar or under the My Web pages tab you should write classroomsupport@apus.edu and consist of your student ID along with the identify from the course that is certainly lacking. In some cases your account can be flagged for entry and in other situations it may be a bug.
“No matter what was to my revenue I now consider decline for that sake of Christ. What is a lot more, I consider all the things a loss when compared with the surpassing greatness of understanding Christ Jesus my Lord, for whose sake I've missing all factors. I take into consideration them garbage, that I may well acquire Christ and be present in Him…” (Philippians 3:7-nine).
3rd-bash extensions to operating system deployment If you have third-get together extensions to operating system deployment and you've got different versions of Configuration Manager web-sites or Configuration Supervisor consumers, a mixed hierarchy, there could be concerns with the extensions.
I think these links will probably be quite helpful. I also provide you with the one-way links to Home windows and Linux community forums I feel they will be extremely helpful far too. You are able to question any query there Even when you are a complete newbie. Commonly people while in the discussion boards are quite pleasant and ready to help you.
There's two differing types of franchising associations. Enterprise Structure Franchising is the kind most identifiable to the normal man or woman. In a company structure franchise relationship the franchisor delivers towards the franchisee not merely its trade identify, services and products, but a complete system for operating the enterprise.
This meant significantly less space for meals and resulted in lowered product sales General. They reduced the temperature of The shop, and as a click for more info result, the gross sales climbed back again towards the stages they were being accustomed to. Their adjustment resulted in restoring product sales concentrations.
Offering beautiful one bedroom apartments and two and three bedroom townhomes nestled in a quiet community within Alton City limits. River Reach is a “must see” and includes amenities such as a swimming pool, coin operated laundry area and off-street parking. Garages are available with some homes as an upgrade. Floor Plans
The ultimate in convenience and quiet living is all yours at Spyglass Town Homes. This attractive community located “at the country club” is conveniently located close to I-270 for quick access to St. Louis. Spyglass features 32 two-bedroom town homes. These homes include private patios with privacy fences and spacious yards. Floor Plan
http://usacarsupdates.com/tag/usa/page/4/ Surround yourself in a beautiful neighborhood located on Highway 157 in Edwardsville. Conveniently located near Southern Illinois University-Edwardsville. Our professional and caring staff is ready to accommodate your needs. Did we mention FREE CABLE TV (Extended Basic Cable TV) at South Pointe? South Pointe features 28 two-bedroom and 16 three-bedroom town homes. Floor Plans Standard […]
http://studiopaintdesign.com/painted-antique-washstand/ In today’s world of busy lifestyles, comfort and convenience are important to the place you call home. Our newest complex provides first-class living at affordable prices. Luxury living, open floor plans, a residential setting, quiet and peaceful neighborhood are featured in our 96 deluxe town homes located in 157 Park Place. Here we have garages […]
Buy Alprazolam Powder Welcome Home! Cherry Hills is where you can combine quality, comfort and convenience in a town home created just for you! Cherry Hills is committed to exceptional service, first-class homes, and affordable prices. Our sparkling swimming pool is where friends and family gather to relax on those warm St. Louis days. Cherry Hills offers 32 […]
Welcome Home! Cherry Hills is where you can combine quality, comfort and convenience in a duplex home created just for you! Cherry Hills is committed to exceptional service, first-class homes, and affordable prices. Our sparkling swimming pool is where friends and family gather to relax on those warm St. Louis days. Easy access to the MCT […]
http://talbotts.co.uk/contact-us/pin/ Welcome Home! Cherry Hills is where you can combine quality, comfort and convenience in a duplex home created just for you! Cherry Hills is committed to exceptional service, first-class homes, and affordable prices. Our sparkling swimming pool is where friends and family gather to relax on those warm St. Louis days. Easy access to the MCT […]
Welcome Home! Cherry Hills is where you can combine quality, comfort and convenience in a town home created just for you! Cherry Hills is committed to exceptional service, first-class homes, and affordable prices. Our sparkling swimming pool is where friends and family gather to relax on those warm St. Louis days. Cherry Hills offers 32 […]
In today’s world of busy lifestyles, comfort and convenience are important to the place you call home. Our newest complex provides first-class living at affordable prices. Luxury living, open floor plans, a residential setting, quiet and peaceful neighborhood are featured in our 96 deluxe town homes located in 157 Park Place. Here we have garages […]
Buy Adipex Online India Surround yourself in a beautiful neighborhood located on Highway 157 in Edwardsville. Conveniently located near Southern Illinois University-Edwardsville. Our professional and caring staff is ready to accommodate your needs. Did we mention FREE CABLE TV (Extended Basic Cable TV) at South Pointe? South Pointe features 28 two-bedroom and 16 three-bedroom town homes. Floor Plans Standard […]
I’m guilty of sabotaging myself in the past. So, when I decided to look up the definition of sabotage in the dictionary to see all that it entails, I was shocked at what I was doing to myself.
1: destruction of an employer’s property (as tools or materials) or the hindering of manufacturing by discontented workers
2: destructive or obstructive action carried on by a civilian or enemy agent to hinder a nation’s war effort
I think we easily slip into doing this to ourselves because we can’t see the hurt on our own faces. It’s much more difficult to be destructive when you can see the results right in front of you. If you were this destructive toward others, you would immediately see the pain they were feeling through their words, facial expressions, body language and outward behaviors.
Self-sabotage is sneaky. We do it once. And then again. And then again…over and over…without realizing it sometimes.
The results of our self-sabotage reside silently in the things that remain undone. They lay idle on a shelf of unused creativity. They remain locked in closets of insecurity and fear. These hidden results are small steps of progress and success. Yet, we snatch them from view if even a little bit of sunlight casts a ray upon them. We hide them because of our fears. We are of afraid failure. We’re even afraid of success.
I would like to share four things that I have consistently used to snap out of and stay out of the self-destruct-mode of self-sabotage.
Find interviews, inspiring articles, biographies, autobiographies and other materials about the lives of other people. Note the challenges, struggles and fears that many of them have made it through. They do not have superpowers. Nor do they possess some type of mutant gene. Remember that they are human just like you.
This will help you to envision and internalize what it takes to be successful. It will help you to believe in yourself as a regular person, just like every other successful person out there.
Whatever it is that you are endeavoring to do, don’t bury it underground before you ever get a chance to try it. Everyone has to begin somewhere and then build upon that beginning.
We often stall and fizzle out before we start working toward our goals and dreams because we fear that we are not _____ enough. Fill in the blank with any one of the following options: good/skilled/talented/experienced/educated/smart/expert.
If you are going to solidify belief in yourself, you need to do something. Practicing your craft = a continual process of doing and learning. Warning! Don’t get stuck in learning mode. Notice I said “doing” first. There’s a popular saying that says, “Ready! Fire! Aim!”. Learn by doing. Would you rather have a doctor that read every single medical book in existence but has never touched a patient; or, the doctor that has only read the required and recommended materials for his degree but has countless hours of hands-on experience under his belt? I would choose the latter.
This has been one of the most important things I have ever done. Find someone to partner with and hold each other accountable for reaching small goals that lead up to bigger ones. If you can’t find a partner find someone that you can trust to hold you accountable.
If you don’t know anyone personally, look for someone through a professional networking group or a training program to partner with you. You can also search for a partner through professional social media groups. Many people are aware of how valuable an accountability partner can be and would love the opportunity to increase their chances of success.
I met my accountability partner a few years ago through a life coach training program. We didn’t know each other before then, and we were assigned as partners. Despite not having a relationship before our partnership, and living hundreds of miles away from each other, we are still accountability partners to this day and have developed a great friendship.
Find a group of people with goals similar to your own. It’s hard to be a lone ranger. Finding like-minded people will help you to feel less crazy during challenging and stressful times. When you find people that you can relate to it will encourage you not to give up.
Fortunately, social media makes it easy to find a tribe no matter where you are. Don’t be afraid to get social online. There are people everywhere who are hungry to find like-minded people to relate to as they work hard toward their goals. You will find that it’s fun and rewarding to help others to get to where they want to be as they help you in turn.
I hope these things can help you to get on the path toward giving yourself the respect that you deserve. It’s time to stop hiding your gifts, skills, and talents. You were made on purpose and with purpose. No more self-sabotage!
Tip: Click on the One Piece 866 manga image to go to the next page. You can use left and right keyboard keys to browse between pages.
One Piece 866 released! You are now reading One Piece 866 online. If you are bored from One Piece manga, you can try surprise me link at top of page or select another manga like One Piece 866 from our huge manga list.
Skin tags are a necessary evil for many of us, and a frustration that is so fierce, we don’t even know when it started. The thing with skin tags is that there doesn’t seem to be much of a connection between each person and the condition. They will form in random locations (though under the breasts, groin and neck are common ones) and keep popping up other locations on the bodies. Some of the possible factors include obesity, or temporary weight gain, and women with larger breasts may also suffer from them. The truth is that scientists don’t really know totally why they form, or why the number can be anywhere from 1-100 at a time. Fortunately for you, there’s a solution to living with these annoying deformations on your radiant skin, called Revitol Skin Tag Removal.
Sure, you’ve heard it all before about how all of these products say they work, but don’t in reality. This one is different though, because it’s infused with all sorts of natural elements that will do what the scientific chemicals can’t – heal from the inside out – and keep the skin healthy afterwards. This is an all-natural way to get those skin tags gone forever, and it is available for anyone who wants to try it out, a believer or not.
Revitol Skin Tag Removal is a homeopathic skin tag remover serum that you simply spread over the affected area and wait for the magic to happen, which takes up to two weeks. It is easy and painless to apply, and those with sensitive skin can rest assured that there are no chemicals infused into this cream, merely natural ingredients with excellent healing powers. Revitol Skin Tag Removal works on all skin types, and is equally effective on all of them. Lastly, we guarantee that our product will cause no pain at any time during the process of skin tag removal, and that there is no chance of scarring when the tag comes off. As can be expected, the skin has to heal in it’s own time, but no permanent scarring will occur when using the high quality, fine grade creams of Revitol Skin Tag Removal.
This is a product that you may have seen all over the TV, explaining our product and how it works on real life people that need the help. The testimonials that you see are true, they are real customers that have had a pleasant experience with this product and want to share it with the rest of the world so that it can have a positive impact on them too. You may be assuming that the testimonials aren’t real ones, but think about it: why would anyone want to review a product that they haven’t bought or used, broadcast how amazing it is, only to have real customers buy the product and have it not work? Sure, it’ll get a few sales, but not much else, and a lot of paperwork to deal with when customers are demanding a refund for false advertisement.
So, Revitol Skin Tag Removal pushes its product by using only real testimonials that will show you just how the cream works. They share how after only a week, their skin tags are fading, or have disappeared entirely, how their skin is smooth and soft like they’ve always wanted, and there is no pain or discomfort in applying it. These are the people that you want to listen to, as they’ve been through the experience, and have seen the results first hand. They will tell you what works about our high quality service, and how it has changed their lives, one skin tag at a time.
I brought this product from you as I had a huge skin tag on my upper chest. Having tried so many things that did not work, I found Revitol skin tag remover. I used it three times daily as it suggests and it dissolved the skin tag over a period of two weeks and even got the root too. I am amazed as there is no scar! Your product is worth every penny, I am pleased and i did not have to pay tons of money for surgical removal, which would have scared my chest.
I bought the Heal Skin Tags formula about 17 days ago and got it pretty quick in the mail. I was excited to see results but am a skeptical person.For the first 4-5 days I didn’t see any change in my skin tags and was concerned, but the instructions told me to wait at least a week to two to see changes, so I was patient.I am now on day 13 and some of the smaller tags are already gone! The biggest tags look as though they are drying up and I don’t want to pull at them, I will just let this treatment take care of those too.
I have tried many other products in the past, but this product was the only product for skin tags that I have used that worked on my skin tags and helped me completely get rid of the skin tags on my neck and eyelids.
The best part about Revitol Skin Tag Removal, is that it is a personalized experience. You can choose a package that best works for you from our various options. Some of them include a free extra bottle of our product and all sorts of extra goodies that you will love. So get started today and see how Revitol Skin tag Removal can change your life and make you into the person you’ve always wanted to be, with clear skin that was achieved in a natural and totally healthy way. You’ll never get the results if you don’t try, so battle skin tags today and see how well it works for yourself.
I’m so excited to share with you my interview with the gorgeous Erin Kaplan. You may know Erin from staring in MTV’s hit series The City opposite Whitney Port and Olivia Palermo. And, at 26, Erin is ELLE Magazine’s youngest ever Director of Public Relations. In this interview Erin Kaplan talks to Marta Walsh about […]
I’m excited to share with you my interview with actress Kali Hawk. Kali’s film role came in the Lion’s Gate thriller ‘Holla‘, which cast Kali alongside Michael Bergin as the sweet, unsuspecting camper Caprice. She would follow that project with a supporting role in the Spike Lee comedy ‘Lovers & Haters’, playing a scathing Hollywood […]
Most people have had an acne problem at one point in their lives and many more are going through the stress and unpleasantness of continuing acne problems whether brought on by puberty or adult acne. This article gives a few tips to help you start to overcome and cure acne naturally starting today.
Many people with persistent acne battle the condition using topical creams and oral medications some of which are only available with a prescription. These creams and medications only deal with the symptoms or the external factors which as the breakouts and blemishes. They do not deal with the root cause of acne which means that acne problems persist.
While sufferers battle the actual breakouts, they also battle the scarring left behind. It is important to note that to effectively battle and overcome acne, there are many natural and easy ways to help you overcome acne that you can easily adopt into your lifestyle which will not only deal with the symptoms of acne but also deal with the root cause of acne.
Any beauty diet and anti acne diet should always include drinking six to ten glasses of water a day to properly hydrate your skin and eliminate toxins that can aggravate acne and clog pores which leads to breakouts. The fight against acne should always start with keeping skin adequately hydrated. It is recommended to drink eight 8-oz glasses of water per day. This is one of the best homemade beauty tips to fight against acne.
Increasing your intake of fruits and vegetables that are antioxidant rich is essential and is one of the best natural beauty tips. Antioxidants fight against free radicals that are damaging to the skin and body. Adding fruits and vegetables that are rich on vitamins such as A, C and E are important for overall well being as well as exhibiting skin benefits because these vitamins combat cell damaging free radicals and help clear skin. A beauty diet works!
Although consuming the actual fruits and vegetables is more beneficial, you may discuss taking vitamin supplements with your doctor as you try to combat and cure acne naturally starting today. In addition, if consuming the fruits and vegetables is a chore, you may want to consider turning the fruits and vegetables into a smoothie which makes being healthy more enjoyable and doable and help you achieve your anti acne diet. This is one of the best homemade beauty tips.
With the multitude of beauty and acne products on the market with ingredients some of which can be pronounced and many more ingredients that cannot be pronounced, acne sufferers when may be tempted to try all of them in hopes of clearing up their skin only to aggravate the acne.
Try if at all possible combating acne to use products that are natural or organic to cure acne. Some natural beauty tips and remedies include products containing tea tree oil which is anti-inflammatory and is an alternative to such acne treatments such as benzoyl peroxide and salicylic acid which are very drying on the skin.
Stress does not only affect your peace of mind but weakens your body and your skin. Stress can lead to premature aging as well as aggravate acne. Relax. Take an aromatherapy bath. Meditate. Indulge in a soothing herbal tea. Think positive and reap the benefits of a healthy body and beautiful skin. Also one of the best natural beauty tips for your overall health and wellness.
Combating stress will allow your body to produce more cortisol which helps the body combat many health problems as well as help fight against acne and its agents and clear skin.
A healthy beauty diet and anti acne diet should contain little to no caffeine. Reduce caffeine and increase water consumption. This is the single best thing you can do for your skin and help clear your skin for more beautiful smooth skin. Caffeine aggravates skin conditions in addition to drying and prematurely aging the skin.
Caffeine produces more stress hormones in the body which is not beneficial you're your body or skin because it aggravates acne.
Is acne your problem? You do not have to consider it as a problem. There are more things to prioritize and not letting that acne bother you that much for it would not help at all. Well, another point we have to consider is how to treat acne. With the treatment, money matters. This means that of course, you have to have some amount of money for the treatment.
Well, when what you have is not enough, you could have the most reliable home treatments. These would be saving you from having worse acne without having to spend so much. What are these means? Are they safe? Yes, they are safe steps in treating your acne problems and they would not let you experience all those acne terrors or bad outcomes of trying to get the remedy for acne.
These are worth your trial for they are really effective and you could just be at home. But, take note that these guidelines are only for mild acne problems and if you have a more complicated situation, you have to seek the help of a professional.
First, if washing does not seem to be very helpful for you, then it is high time for you to use benzoyl peroxide. This could be found from face wash, bar soap, topical cream or gel. The reminder you have to take note of is that you must not over use this solution for it may leave your skin super red or super dry.
One thing that you would notice as you try home remedies, the results may be slow. But, you need to be patient about it. The results you are expecting to have may be achieved like after a couple of weeks after you use them on your skin. Be really careful with this for you would surely be hurting skin if in case and it may even lead to a worse effect.
Have you heard about salicylic acid? It is another thing that you could use. And this could be found in facial washes or facial pads. This could be very helpful to helping your pores be unclogged and prevent the growth of pimples or even the case of acne. Again, you have to be very careful in using it too so that you would not have even those very bad outcomes.
These two: benzoyl peroxide and salicylic acid are very useful treatment aids you could use. But, be very keen about them. Use them well.
1. Dab a drop of tea tree oil up to twice a day. But first, perform a patch test on your forearm 48 hours before to ensure that you have no sensitivity to tea tree oil.
2. Form a paste with 1/2 teaspoon baking soda and a few drops of warm water. Smooth this paste over a pimple and leave on from twenty minutes to up to an hour and then rinse off. Use once a day.
3. Form a paste with 1/2 teaspoon of yeast mixed with a few drops of warm water. Smooth this paste over a pimple and leave on from twenty to up to an hour and then rinse off. Use once a day.
Heat water to a boil and remove from heat. Add herbs, cover and steep for 30 minutes. Add tincture of benzoin and peppermint oil and store in a refrigerator. Use one teaspoon per application. Use daily or as needed. Shake before each use.
I love anything related to rose. Blab Balm products are great and This cream is no different. Sometimes I add rose geranium essential oil to bath and later use the cream… Mmmm heaven
Beautysouthafrica.com is South Africa’s most comprehensive online beauty magazine and your pre-shop stop for product information and reviews. From the latest international make-up trends to the hottest new products on the market, we offer insights into the glamorous world of beauty. Join like-minded beauty fanatics in our loyalty program and earn points, trial beauty products and share your experiences.
This my journey through the political process of the United States to end Medicaid fraud in child welfare.
The case was investigated by IRS Criminal Investigation, the FBI, and the Offices of the Inspectors General from the Departments of Justice, Labor, Veterans Affairs, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). This is a combined investigation with the Western District of Arkansas, the Eastern District of Arkansas and the Public Integrity Section of the Department of Justice. This case is being prosecuted by Trial Attorney Marco A. Palmieri of the Public Integrity Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney Steven M. Mohlhenrichof the Western District of Missouri.
The former CEO of a charity headquartered in Springfield, Missouri has pleaded guilty to her role in a multi-million-dollar political corruption scheme that involved bribes and campaign contributions for elected public officials in Missouri and Arkansas, announced Assistant Attorney General Brian A. Benczkowski of the Justice Department’s Criminal Division and U.S. Attorney Tim Garrison of the Western District of Missouri.
Marilyn Luann Nolan, 68, of Springfield, pleaded guilty before U.S. Magistrate Judge David P. Rush on Friday, Nov. 9, to one count of conspiracy to embezzle and misapply the funds of a charitable organization that received federal funds.
By pleading guilty, Nolan admitted that she conspired with others from 2008 to June 30, 2017, to misapply millions of dollars of the charity’s funds for substantial, undisclosed payments to lobbying firms and political advocates, monetary and in-kind contributions to the campaigns of candidates for public office, and to bribe public officials. Nolan also admitted that she knew her co-conspirators defrauded the charity in order to enrich themselves, and her.
Nolan began working at Alternative Opportunities Inc., in 1992. In 2015, that company merged with Preferred Family Healthcare Inc., after which it continued to be known as Preferred Family Healthcare. Nolan was the chief executive officer and oversaw the charity’s lobbying and governmental affairs activities.
Preferred Family Healthcare and its subsidiaries provided a variety of services to individuals in Missouri, Arkansas, Kansas, Oklahoma and Illinois, including mental and behavioral health treatment and counseling, substance abuse treatment and counseling, employment assistance, aid to individuals with developmental disabilities and medical services.
According to the plea agreement, Nolan and her conspirators caused the charity to misapply its funds to pay for political advocacy, including lobbying, that violated both IRS rules governing tax-exempt organizations, and federal laws and regulations governing recipients of federal grants and contracts. Nolan admitted that she directed and assisted her co-conspirators to direct millions of dollars to lobbyists, including Donald Andrew Jones and Milton Russell Cranford, who previously entered pleas of guilty to federal crimes in related cases. Nolan also directly lobbied legislators.
Caused the charity to contribute financially to the campaigns of candidates for public office through “straw donors,” including the charity’s lobbyists, who were also reimbursed by way of invoices that were falsely described as “training” and “consulting” expenses;
Encouraged charity employees to contribute to candidates for public office and caused the charity to reimburse them for those contributions by providing funds falsely described as reimbursement for travel or other expenses the employees had not actually incurred; and
Caused the charity to provide in-kind contributions to the campaigns of candidates for public office, including in Missouri where they organized fundraisers for several candidates running for seats in the Missouri State Senate, Missouri House of Representatives, and the Greene County Commission and in Arkansas, where Nolan and her conspirators organized fundraisers (often at hotels or restaurants) for many candidates running for seats in the Arkansas State Senate and Arkansas House of Representatives.
Nolan also admitted as part of her plea to directing an employee to use the charity’s resources to arrange for catering, liquor, decorations, and other food connected to political fundraisers. This employee used a charity-issued corporate credit card for the purchases, with Nolan’s knowledge.
At all times relevant to Nolan’s plea, the charity was absolutely prohibited from directly or indirectly participating in, or intervening in, any political campaign on behalf of, or in opposition to, any candidate for elective public office. Contributions to political campaign funds violated this prohibition, and could have resulted in denial or revocation of tax-exempt status and the imposition of certain excise taxes.
According to the plea agreement, Nolan and her conspirators misapplied some of the charity’s funds to bribe elected public officials in the following manners:
They gave things of value to numerous public officials, in exchange for their official actions benefitting the charity and themselves personally, including cash, travel and entertainment, premium tickets to sporting events, hotel accommodations, and use of the charity’s luxury/recreational real estate;
Nolan and the conspirators disguised bribes as contract payments for things such as consulting, training, and legal services.
The government believes the schemes Nolan pleaded guilty to totaled approximately $6 million. The parties reserved the right in the plea agreement to litigate the exact amount of that loss, for the purpose of computing the federal sentencing guidelines.
As part of her plea agreement, Nolan also admitted that over an approximately 12-year period from 2005 to 2017, certain charity executives embezzled millions of dollars from the charity, from which Nolan profited. Nolan admitted that although she did not know the full details of the many embezzlement and misapplication of funds schemes, she knew at the time that the charity bore additional costs from many of those transactions, and willfully blinded herself regarding the details of her conspirators’ schemes and artifices to defraud the charity.
One example referenced in Nolan’s plea agreement consisted of the formation of an LLC that was used as the management company for Alternative Opportunities, identified in court documents as Entity A. In 2006, Entity A was sold to a publicly-traded corporation identified in court documents as Company A, which was also partly owned by Nolan. Nolan admitted that this sale was perpetrated for the primary purpose of enriching charity executives, including herself. Nolan’s share of the proceeds from the sale of Entity A to Company A was $3,769,536.
Nolan further admitted as part of her plea that she also received $361,574 from two LLCs identified as Entity B and Entity C where, immediately prior to the 2006 sale of Entity A to Company A, Entity B acquired title to all real estate formerly held by Entity A and Entity C held the title to the corporation’s headquarters building in Springfield, and duplex homes located in Springfield.
Under the terms of Friday’s plea agreement, Nolan must pay $4,131,111 in restitution to the government, less a credit for taxes she paid on the funds received.
A sentencing hearing will be scheduled after the completion of a presentence investigation by the U.S. Probation Office.
P.I.E. Management, L.L.C. has privately contracted with the City of Detroit Elections Division, just like KForce, as identified in the Affidavit, below.
The Michigan 2018 Primary Elections for Wayne County have yet to be certified by the Secretary of State Board of Canvassers.
The best part of all of this is that not one candidate who has been elected has dared to raise this fact in public.
Wayne County, Michigan Elections Results Press Release on Election Results 11-6-2018 by Beverly Tran on Scribd
Facebook, Google and Twitter all testified in House Judiciary hearings that they do not censor conservative speech, but, oddly enough, they suppressed my blog, and everything to do with Judiciary and the former Ranking Member, who is not aligned with conservative speech.
Conflicting reports of a Facebook executive's firing fan the flames of an anti-conservative debate in Silicon Valley
In recent months, Facebook, Google and Twitter have faced intensifying claims of online censorship and an environment that's not welcoming to right-leaning employees.
A Wall Street Journal report claims Oculus co-founder Palmer Luckey's activity on a polarizing, and often extreme, right-leaning Reddit channel caused an uproar among Facebook employees. It also says the company pressured Luckey to write in an internal email that he supported libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson instead of Donald Trump.
Facebook and its executives have repeatedly said Luckey's firing was not the result of his political views.
Silicon Valley is battling a new report of anti-conservative culture, fanning the flames of an already-intensifying debate.
A weekend report by The Wall Street Journal on the 2017 firing of Facebook executive Palmer Luckey claims the Oculus co-founder was forced out for factors relating to his political leanings and online support for Donald Trump during the 2016 presidential election.
Facebook and its executives have repeatedly said Luckey's firing was not the result of his political views. CEO Mark Zuckerberg testified as much before Congress in April, and vice president of AR/VR at Facebook, Andrew Bosworth, said on Twitter late Sunday, "Any claims that his departure was do to his conservative beliefs are false."
A Facebook spokesperson told CNBC on Monday, "We can say unequivocally that Palmer's departure was not due to his political views."
The conflicting reports could add to existing concerns of anti-conservative bias among tech companies. In recent months, Facebook, Google and Twitter have all faced intensifying claims of online censorship and an environment that's not welcoming to right-leaning employees.
The Journal report claims Luckey's activity on a polarizing, and often extreme, right-leaning Reddit channel caused an uproar among Facebook employees. It also says the company pressured Luckey to write in an internal email that he supported libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson, instead of Trump.
"We always made it clear that any mention of politics was up to Palmer and we did not pressure him to say something that wasn't factual or true," a Facebook spokesperson told CNBC.
Facebook executives have said they're limited in what they can say about Luckey's departure, since it deals with confidential personnel matters. Luckey, who received a $100 million payout, according to the Journal, told CNBC last month it wasn't his choice to leave Facebook.
Please keep in mind that this is only one type of real estate scheme, but they run them all the time, even in Detroit.
LOS ANGELES — Federal prosecutors allege Paul Manafort's former son-in-law engaged in wire fraud and identity theft during a high-end, Los Angeles-area real estate scam while out on bond awaiting sentencing for different , according to a criminal complaint unsealed Wednesday.
The LAPD arrested Jeffrey Yohai, a real estate developer who did deals with Manafort, a week ago on suspicion of fraud and turned him over to federal officials Wednesday morning.
The FBI says that Yohai had been hard to find because over the past several months he's driven two different Rolls Royces, a Porsche Panamera, a Cadillac Escalade, and a Range Rover — all likely rented, the bureau says in court documents, in an effort to avoid detection.
Yohai, who divorced Jessica Manafort in August 2017, was previously charged by federal prosecutors with conspiracy to commit bank and aggravated identity theft after defaulting on $15 million in real estate loans.
In February 2018, Yohai pleaded guilty to misusing construction loan funds and another charge. His sentencing was continued to Jan. 18, 2019.
According to the complaint in the original case, in 2015 and 2016 Yohai obtained $15 million in loans to purchase and rehabilitate three properties in the Hollywood Hills, then defaulted on the loans.
Federal prosecutors now say his modus operandi in his "new crimes" is "strikingly like" that of his original federal offenses, and "involves some of the same participants."
While Yohai was out on bond awaiting sentencing for his original offenses, say prosecutors, he and alleged co-conspirators would trick lenders into providing millions of loans based on false and inflated property appraisals of luxury homes that they did not own. They would then promise the actual owners of the luxury homes that they would secure wealthy short-term renters for their properties.
According to the 43-page complaint filed Oct. 17 in the Central District of California, Yohai would then use the money to pay pre-existing debts or personal expenses.
While he was collecting rent from tenants, including an unidentified NBA basketball player who paid $50,000 in rent for two months, prosecutors say Yohai kept the scam going by supplying the real owners of the properties with worthless checks and falsified wire transfer records.
If the victim demanded repayment, Yohai would often buy time by sending checks written on accounts with insufficient funds. When those checks bounced, according to the complaint, Yohai would assert he wired the money back to the victim and send fake wire transfer documentation, "insisting that there must be some banking mistake to explain why the funds never arrive."
The complaint alleges Yohai made false statements to investors during a lunch to the effect that "he 'turned state's evidence' on … Manafort" and "that he had to go to 'D.C.'" to meet with staff from special counsel Robert Mueller's office or "downtown" to meet with "the feds." But the complaint does not specify whether Yohai ever met with any members of Mueller's team, and makes no further mention of the special counsel, whose investigation led to his ex-father-in-law's conviction and guilty pleas on multiple criminal counts.
Federal prosecutors in California and the special counsel have looked into Manafort's business deals with Yohai, who was Manafort's partner in four California property deals that failed and were placed in bankruptcy. Manafort's holding company, MC Brooklyn Holdings, also bought a brownstone in Brooklyn, New York, in December 2012 for $2,995,000 that was brokered by Yohai, real estate postings online show.
Manafort pleaded guilty and agreed to cooperate with Mueller shortly before the start of his second trial in mid-September. The Brooklyn home is one of several properties that Manafort agreed to forfeit as a result of his plea agreement.
This elected official impeachment model was constructed by mixing the right ingredients of federal jurisdiction and the state constitution, with a sprig of resignation.
CHARLESTON, W.Va. (AP) — The resignation of a West Virginia Supreme Court justice recently convicted of federal charges prompted the governor Sunday to cancel a special legislative session that was to consider the justice's removal.
It was the latest development in an impeachment scandal miring some past and present justices in varying accusations including abuse of authority and failure to rein in excessive spending that engulfed the state's highest court for months.
Republican Gov. Jim Juestice's office said late Saturday he received a letter from Justice Allen Loughry and accepted his resignation effective at the close of business Monday. Justice had no further comment and Loughry's one-sentence resignation letter didn't elaborate.
Loughry was convicted last month of federal criminal charges including wire fraud involving his personal use of state cars and fuel cards and mail fraud. He has requested a new trial.
Last week Justice had called the special session for Tuesday, saying in a proclamation that it would consider removing Loughry from his post. Another proclamation Sunday canceled the special session in light of Loughry's resignation.
Loughry couldn't be reached for comment. His attorney, John A. Carr, said in an email he would have no comment.
Loughry and three other justices were impeached by the West Virginia House in August over questions involving lavish office renovations that evolved into varying accusations of corruption, incompetence and neglect of duty. One of them, Justice Beth Walker, was cleared of an impeachment charge at a Senate trial last month.
The West Virginia Supreme Court last month effectively halted the Legislature's remaining efforts to impeach the state's justices as a violation of the separate of power doctrine. The court ruled that the Senate lacks jurisdiction to pursue its impeachment trial of Justice Margaret Workman.
The Senate had postponed Workman's trial after the presiding judge didn't show up following the court ruling. A panel of acting justices said the court's decision to stop Workman's impeachment hearing also applies to retired Justice Robin Davis and Loughry, who had petitioned the court to intervene.
"We appreciate that Justice Loughry has decided to do the right thing and step down from the Court," Carmichael said in a statement.
Judicial elections in West Virginia became nonpartisan in 2016, but the court's impeachment scandal this year stirred political attacks. Some Democrats argued that the court's shakeup over spending and other issues was a power grab by the Republican-led legislature.
On Election Day, two state Supreme Court justices appointed to the court after the scandal broke won election to continue on the bench: Former House speaker Tim Armstead and ex-Congressman Evan Jenkins won those races Tuesday night, each defeating nine other candidates. They had originally been appointed by Justice to fill two of the seats on the state's highest court pending the midterm election.
Armstead will complete the term of Justice Menis Ketchum, who announced his resignation on the eve of the House's impeachment proceedings. The term runs through 2020.
Jenkins will serve until 2024, when the term of retired Justice Robin Davis ends. Davis also was impeached.
Previously, on Cocktails & Popcorn, Florida Broward County had some issues with voter ballots and its clerk where the call was put out to remove the County Clerk from office, immediately, and put the office in federal receivership, exactly like they do in child abuse and neglect cases.
It dawned on me that Marc Elias, "Legal Genius" (trademark pending) of Perkins Coie Sucks is about to deal with his own election interference Office of the Special Prosecutor indictment in Detroit, so I thought it best not to tell his tale, because that would just ruin another cocktails & popcorn moment.
Report of an investigation into irregularities reported in the 2004 Presidential election in Ohio, compiled by the Democratic staff of the House Judiciary Committee.
Now, why would someone allow such a prescient, historic report on voting irregularities be removed from the National Archives?
the Democratic staff to conduct an investigation into irregularities reported in the Ohio presidential election and to prepare a Status Report concerning the same prior to the Joint Meeting of Congress scheduled for January 6, 2005, to receive and consider the votes of the electoral college for president. The following Report includes a brief chronology of the events; summarizes the relevant background law; provides detailed findings (including factual findings and legal analysis); and describes various recommendations for acting on this Report going forward.
We have found numerous, serious election irregularities in the Ohio presidential election, which resulted in a significant disenfranchisement of voters. Cumulatively, these irregularities, which affected hundreds of thousand of votes and voters in Ohio, raise grave doubts regarding whether it can be said the Ohio electors selected on December 13, 2004, were chosen in a manner that conforms to Ohio law, let alone federal requirements and constitutional standards.
This report, therefore, makes three recommendations: (1) consistent with the requirements of the United States Constitution concerning the counting of electoral votes by Congress and Federal law implementing these requirements, there are ample grounds for challenging the electors from the State of Ohio; (2) Congress should engage in further hearings into the widespread irregularities reported in Ohio; we believe the problems are serious enough to warrant the appointment of a joint select Committee of the House and Senate to investigate and report back to the Members; and (3) Congress needs to enact election reform to restore our people’s trust in our democracy. These changes should include putting in place more specific federal protections for federal elections, particularly in the areas of audit capability for electronic voting machines and casting and counting of provisional ballots, as well as other needed changes to federal and state election laws.
Preserving Democracy: What Went Wrong in Ohio Status Report of the House Judiciary Committee Democratic Sta... by Beverly Tran on Scribd
The link, below, is the first Petition for Certiorari, and a bit of history, in dealing with the chattel law in the trafficking of tiny humans under DACA and DAPA for National Adoption Month.
In short, DACA and DAPA are policies, not laws, because the Congress refuses to make law in dealing with child immigration.
The reason why the Congress will not touch the fraud in child welfare is because it is what keeps them in a job.
That is why you have the States jumping to defend DACA because it is their money maker through the Public Private Partnerships o Children's Trust Funds:
Delaware (Its Children's Trust Fund seems to have been operating after the statute was repealed through the University of Delaware.
Iowa, (they partnered with the National Children's Trust Fund Alliance because they never incorporated and used land banks, instead.);
This dispute concerns the policy of immigration enforcement discretion known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA). In 2016, this Court affirmed, by an equally divided Court, a decision of the Fifth Circuit holding that two related Department of Homeland Security (DHS) discretionary enforcement policies, including an expansion of the DACA policy, were likely unlawful and should be enjoined. See United States v. Texas, 136 S. Ct. 2271 (per curiam). In September 2017, DHS determined that the original DACA policy was unlawful and would likely be struck down by the courts on the same grounds as the related policies. DHS thus instituted an orderly wind-down of the DACA policy. The questions presented are as follows: 1. Whether DHS’s decision to wind down the DACA policy is judicially reviewable. 2. Whether DHS’s decision to wind down the DACA policy is lawful.
Petitioners are the Donald J. Trump, President of the United States; Jefferson B. Sessions III, Attorney General of the United States; Kirstjen M. Nielsen, Secretary of Homeland Security; U.S. Department of Homeland Security; and the United States.
Respondents are Martin Jonathan Batalla Vidal, Antonio Alarcon, Eliana Fernandez, Carlos Vargas, Mariano Mondragon, and Carolina Fung Feng, on behalf of themselves and all other similarly situated individuals; Make the Road New York, on behalf of itself, its members, its clients, and all similarly situated individuals; the State of New York; the State of Massachusetts; the State of Washington; the State of Connecticut; the State of Delaware; the District of Columbia; the State of Hawaii; the State of Illinois; the State of Iowa; the State of New Mexico; the State of North Carolina; the State of Oregon; the State of Pennsylvania; the State of Rhode Island; the State of Vermont; the State of Virginia; and the State of Colorado.
DHS et. al. v. Regents of University of California et. al. - Request to Expedite Petition of Certiorari for... by Beverly Tran on Scribd
In a nutshell, Brown v. Board of Education is child welfare legal precedent because it was the very first case that was based in what they called "science" back then.
I ran across a study that was actually used in one of the many enjoined cases in this action that came out of Kansas called Brown v. Board of Education.
Yes, I was intentionally redundant in my cadence, of saying Brown v. Board of Education came out of Kansas.
Because, the chattel model was created, right here, in Michigan called the Michigan Children's Trust Fund and the model transposed to Kansas to set up the parent trust fund.
The National Alliance of Children’s Trust and Prevention Funds (Alliance) is the only national membership organization representing state children’s trust and prevention funds (CTFs).
Dr. Ray E. Helfer, M.D., began using his influence to create a protected source of funding for prevention by persuading the state legislature in Michigan to increase funding to add 50 full-time “prevention workers” to the protective services budget. After the “prevention worker” positions had been created and filled, all 50 had full-time protective service caseload and none of them was doing any prevention work. The needs and demands of children in crisis had compelled the decision makers to divert the money to treatment. This event helped shape the law that created Michigan’s Children’s Trust Fund and served as a model for all states.
In summation, DACA is nothing but a product of judicial lobbying of legislating from the bench through privatization under UCC laws as foreign corporations to fund political campaigns, to ensure more trafficking of tiny human policies go through so there is more appropriation of federal funding to secure more foreign contracts designed to traffic more tiny humans for the continuance of stealin' children, land and votes.
It all started with the children because no one cares and there are too many trillions of dollars involved.
I wonder if Marc is going to have time in his busy schedule, shuttling between Detroit and D.C., to properly handle this Florida case.
Florida’s Broward County Supervisor of Elections Brenda Snipes, head of Broward County’s election board, has repeatedly been accused of misconduct.
The Florida governor and Senate races could lie in her hands. A lawyer tied to the Democratic National Committee and Fusion GPS, the group behind the Steele dossier, has now gotten involved in a recount effort. Republican Florida Sen. Marco Rubio said Democrats are trying to “change the results” of the election, and a liberal said Snipes belongs in prison.
Republican Florida Sen. Marco Rubio is warning that the fate of his state’s governorship could hang in the hands of Florida’s Broward County Supervisor of Elections Brenda Snipes, whom he’s called incompetent for violating state and federal laws. A liberal candidate similarly painted her as incompetent and corrupt.
Democratic gubernatorial candidate Andrew Gillum initially conceded the Florida race to Republican Ron DeSantis, but backtracked after vote totals changed Thursday, narrowing the gap to less than half a percent in both the gubernatorial and senatorial races.
Broward County is often the slowest of the state’s 67 counties to count votes, and its election department has repeatedly been faulted for wrongdoing.
Now, Perkins Coie lawyer Marc Elias has been enlisted in a recount effort. Democratic Sen. Bill Nelson is retaining Elias, who said it’s “not plausible” that, as Broward statistics suggest, 14,000 people voted in sometimes-obscure state-level races but left the Senate one blank. Republican Gov. Rick Scott, who, by initial appearances, beat Nelson in a race for Senate, said Elias will use aggressive techniques to “steal” the election.
Elias worked for both the Hillary Clinton campaign and the DNC during the 2016 election, even before the 2016 presidential candidate became the Democratic nominee, when the two were supposed to be independent. Perkins Coie also hired Fusion GPS during that election to investigate then-candidate Donald Trump, which ultimately resulted in an unverified dossier being sent to the FBI. “Democrat lawyers are descending on Florida,” Rubio tweeted Thursday. “They have been very clear they aren’t here to make sure every vote is counted. They are here to change the results of election; & Broward is where they plan to do it.”
Now democrat lawyers are descending on #Florida. They have been very clear they aren’t here to make sure every vote is counted.
“Bay County was hit by a Cat 4 Hurricane just 4 weeks ago, yet managed to count votes & submit timely results,” the Florida Republican continued. “Yet over 41 hours after polls closed Broward elections office is still counting votes?” Rubio also pointed out that Snipes “doesn’t know how many ballots are left to be counted” and that she isn’t regularly reporting results, which are “chipping away at GOP leads.”
- Isn’t reporting hourly or regularly,but rather releasing thousands of additional votes,often in the overnight hours,that are chipping away at GOP leads
A liberal college professor who ran for Congress challenging Democratic Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz from the left, Tim Canova, made similar statements. Wasserman Schultz resigned as head of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) after leaked emails showed party officials seeking to rig the 2016 presidential primary against Independent Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, but she continues to represent the Broward area in the House.
It’s now close to 43 hours since the polls closed and Brenda Snipes STILL doesn’t know how many votes are left to count! The results in my race are IMPOSSIBLE to believe. WATCH her explain in video below! https://t.co/1RyQ5cLsN4
A judge found in August that Snipes improperly handled mail-in ballots, and ordered her not to open mail-in ballots in secret after the Republican Party complained. Snipes’s defense rested on a claim that she didn’t know what the word “canvassing” meant, even though she is on the county’s Canvassing Board.
In May, a judge found that Snipes’s office broke the law by destroying ballots in the 2016 race between Wasserman Schultz and Canova. Canova told The Daily Caller News Foundation that in that case, “they claimed to not know the difference between a federal and state investigation. They claim to be incompetent, but my impression is it’s partly a ruse.”
Polling and early-voting results showed him performing well in 2016, then the reported results rapidly shifted to favor Wasserman Schultz, leading him to suspect manipulation. “So we put in a public records request to inspect some of the ballots, and if inspecting the paper ballot matched up, then it’s done, it will satisfy everyone,” Canova told TheDCNF. ” But the supervisor of elections stonewalled me for months.”
“I was told they didn’t have scanned images, even though on election night they put the ballots through a scanner.
So we filed a discovery request to see the paper ballots,” he continued. “Three days later [Snipes] signed an order to destroy the ballots and certified that they were not the subject to ongoing litigation.”
“Her excuse was she just signed anything put in front of her and didn’t read it,” Canova said. “Then she said the ballots were put in the wrong place and that’s why they were destroyed. She concealed the destruction for two weeks.” Snipes’s position is an elected one, and she is a Democrat. Canova said even though Snipes admitted to destroying the ballots in a videotaped deposition, the government continued to fight the case.
“They’re using taxpayer money while bleeding us dry.” Canova questioned why Scott and state Attorney General Pam Bondi, who’s also a Republican, didn’t pursue Snipes for criminal prosecution. He said she could face felony charges that carry five years in prison.
“We’re dealing with organized crime. I just don’t trust anything that comes out of this office,” he said. He said Republicans had joined with him to try to defeat Wasserman Schultz, saying “I might not agree with Tim about Medicare for All, but this about integrity, this is about getting out corruption.”
She sure wasn't happy in her sworn deposition where she ADMITS to illegally destroying all YOUR paper ballots in my 2016 race against Wasserman Schultz. Watch/Listen to Snipes' LAME EXCUSE for committing felonies yet to be investigated by law enforcement. https://t.co/6LOct7zVG6 pic.twitter.com/MNA6SwrnCA
Canova posted video of people putting bags of ballots into private vehicles, including a sports car.
Caught On Video: Concerned citizen sees ballots being transported in private vehicles & transferred to rented truck on Election night. This violates all chain of custody requirements for paper ballots. Were the ballots destroyed & replaced by set of fake ballots? Investigate now! pic.twitter.com/GUPZnz7Gny
Rubio also retweeted that a teacher said found a box of provisional ballots left behind at a school after Election Day.
In Broward County, Miramar Elementary School teacher Lakeisha Sorey came across a box labeled “Provisional ballots” left behind at the school from Election Day & she’s concerned it might have votes. She didn’t look in the box because she didn’t want to tamper with it pic.twitter.com/x8WOa8tfKz
I’m looking forward to the day when Brenda Snipes, Broward Elections Supervisor, goes to prison for destroying every ballot cast in 2016 primary. I’m looking forward to the day when we can inspect the software for the electronic voting machines that supposedly counts every vote. https://t.co/CoEVljiRVg
Congress v. Donald Trump Lawsuit in Violation of the Constitution’s anti-corruption Foreign Emoluments Clau... by Beverly Tran on Scribd
Blog Archive November (31) October (86) September (62) August (82) July (92) June (98) May (116) April (116) March (51) February (114) January (143) December (142) November (132) October (57) September (41) August (55) July (74) June (74) May (94) April (77) March (93) February (85) January (72) December (68) November (44) October (33) September (45) August (19) July (39) June (50) May (38) April (25) March (31) February (29) January (44) December (30) November (37) October (34) September (46) August (20) July (40) June (52) May (32) April (27) March (31) February (27) January (38) December (20) November (9) October (17) September (18) August (14) July (27) June (48) May (44) April (30) March (36) February (17) January (20) December (26) November (18) October (35) September (20) August (19) July (19) June (5) May (2) April (21) March (33) February (37) January (26) December (37) November (19) October (18) September (33) August (25) July (33) June (40) May (41) April (48) March (63) February (71) January (41) December (22) November (82) October (42) September (51) August (47) July (27) June (63) May (55) April (25) March (49) February (53) January (37) December (69) November (97) October (144) September (78) August (76) July (62) June (37) May (47) April (64) March (29) February (29) January (20) December (22) November (18) October (4) September (6) August (8) July (10) June (3)
Guccifer 2.0 has released the second batch of emails hacked from the Democratic National Committee (DNC) to Wikileaks . Donald J. Trump w...
When you are a child placement agency and are running short on goods to acquire to keep the doors of your business open because you have sna...
Ah Kentucky, the sweet home of blue grass and mint juleps, has a history of passing out drunk from the intoxicating milk of its cash cow on ...
Michigan House of Representatives will be addressing the Department of Community Health Audit. Review of recent Office of the Auditor Gene...
That is correct. U.S. Representative Steve Scalise was shot by a foster parent, and from the looks of the unsealed records by the FBI show...
It seems the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation has announced its partnership with the Clinton Foundation in another child welfare fraud sc...
It is only proper when a reigning queen abdicates, to regally hail the new queen. This coronation is to recognize the next phase for contr...
Medicaid is the United States health program for eligible individuals and families with low incomes and resources. It is a means tested program that is jointly funded by the state and federal governments, and is managed by the states. Among the groups of people served by Medicaid are certain eligible U.S. citizens and resident aliens, including low-income adults and their children, and people with certain disabilities. Poverty alone does not nece... More
*State Children's Health Insurance (Title XXI); *And, all other plans and programs that provide health benefits for foster care and adoption funded directly or indirectly by the United States.
"We need to assure both patients and society at large that destructive, exploitative and costly forms of collusion and monopolistic behaviors do not emerge and thrive, disguised as cooperation,"
Beverly Tran, An Original Source, is a policy analyst and the first to inject empirical analysis into political discussions of the Child Welfare System. As the nation's leading expert in Child Welfare Policy, she has dedicated her life to bring accountability and transparency to the System, for it does not exist. She recognizes that this must be done as a concerted effort with our nation's leadership because the magnitude of revenue-maximizing schemes is pervasively pernicious, especially in Michigan.
The Macdonald encyclopedia of Bonsai. Over 120 species of miniature trees described and illustrated with information on how to grow and keep them healthy
The man-wood relationship. Department of Agricultural research of the Rayol Tropical Institute Amsterdam
The recent Paris attack incited a broad rise in Islamophobia in the UK. Muslims from all across the country are being targeted on the street, on public transport, at work, and at educational...
Violence against women is a global phenomenon that affects a large portion of the population right across from the first world countries to the third world. Women are subjected to different...
October 7, 2015 carries enormous significance for our country, for it marks the Supreme Court of Pakistan’s landmark ruling of maintaining the capital punishment of Mumtaz Qadri, who...
Pakistan marked the 50th anniversary of its second war with India and has paid tributes to the heroes of 1965’s war. The war lasted for 17 days and then ended in a stalemate after Russia and...
Besides multiple impacts, the 21 st century highlights the way education is sought and imparted today. Earlier, students headed for home straight from school and rested before sitting down to revise...
Though 21st June marks Birthday of one of Pakistan’s greatest leader the former prime minister of Pakistan Mohtarma Benazir Bhutto, rightly named Benazir meaning unique. This year besides her...
The first Muslims landed in Myanmar / Burma’s Ayeyarwady River delta, Tanintharyi coast and Rakhine as seamen in the ninth century, prior to the establishment of the first Myanmar (Burmese) empire...
DIG traffic Ameer Sheikh on Tuesday declared wearing helmets mandatory for motorcyclists as well as pillions in Karachi, effective from June 1, 2015. Now, even females who mount on motorbikes as...
An extensive campaign was recently set in motion in recent years, for “diversification” away from fossil fuels, for investors to withdraw their money from this industry. Many universities...
Habib Zaman (shown in the above image) was going to earn only Rs. 100 ($1) for delivering that huge pile of goods he was pulling from a storage house to a shop in Bolton Market. Habib Zaman is one of...
It is a commonly held belief and one which often gets expressed that marriage is one of the most intimate and beautiful relationships that exist in this world. They say when two souls are tied in a...
Over the past decade or so media in Pakistan witnessed a big boom with the mushrooming of TV channels and websites but the scarcity of specifically trained and experienced professionals left a vast...
The primary source of jurisprudential ruling for Muslims is the Qur’an. The basis of change whether on a national or global scale commences with individual change. This change is based on awareness...
He may be living in exile thousands of miles away but Altaf Hussain is among the most proactive political leaders in Pakistan. Governing his party, the Muttahida Quami Movement (MQM), from London, he...
Three days ago, two amateur videos captured from mobile phones started circulating on social media and instantly went viral. The videos clearly show how ex-interior minister Rehman Malik and...
Tune-into any News Channel in Pakistan these days, you will watch and listen to nothing new but the same old breaking news, same faces, same speeches, sentences, deadlines, threats, demands at the...
For the last three weeks Pakistan has been in political turmoil. The turmoil has all but strangled Pakistan’s already precarious economic predicament. Official figures suggest Pakistan has lost...
Dear Imran Khan, You have let us down. Last April I arrived in Islamabad to support PTI in the upcoming elections and witness what I thought would be the democratic equivalent of the...
I have witnessed with horror young men of my faith and my nationality – Islam and British, respectively – issuing threats to the country that I adopted over more than two decades ago after...
All Pakistanis take inspiration from Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah’s principle of Unity, Faith, Discipline. The founder of Pakistan had said: “I have no doubt that with unity, faith...
It was the land from my vision, people like I have been imagining in English novels and admiring in the Hollywood movies. The litter-free wide streets, amazing skyscrapers, and cozy...
I’ve been working on figuring out exactly who was affected by the delegate district problems in Precinct 277, so here’s a map I made from the addresses Vera McCormick, the Kanawha County Clerk, gave me.
I’ve spent all day trying to compile the list of delegates that are going to the Republican National Convention. With 99 precincts reporting as of 5:39 p.m., I think I’ve got the list down.
Trump won 30 pledged delegates from West Virginia. That’s 88 percent of the delegates in a state where he won 77 percent of the vote. He was guaranteed the three RNC delegates-Conrad Lucas, Melody Potter and Kris Warner-when he won the popular vote.
Trump won 18 out of 22 at-large delegates. Two of the uncommitted delegates have verbally pledged their support to Trump, according to Mike Stuart, the co-chair of Donald Trump’s West Virginia campaign, but they aren’t bound to vote for him. Morrisey hasn’t endorsed Trump yet and Katrina Lewis couldn’t be reached for comment, but pledged her support to Kasich in January.
We’re still waiting on a few more precincts to report in District 2, but I don’t see an awful lot changing with that vote. If anything, the only thing that might happen is Mitch Carmichael may get knocked out and Bob Adams may get in if there’s a precinct that went heavily for Cruz.
Trump would have won all 34 delegates if it weren’t for some rules that were put in place before the 2016 primary that limited delegates based on where they live. There will be a story about this in Friday’s paper, but here’s the rule.
“The 7 top vote getters from each Congressional District, that have been voted on by all Republican primary voters in the state, are elected as Delegates- totaling 21. (For example, this would allow for CD 3 voters to cast their vote for a Delegate candidate in CD 1 or CD 2 and visa versa)
Of the 22 At Large delegates that will be selected on the statewide ballot not more than 2 may come from the same county.”
That’s why there’s a Kasich supporter with way less votes than everyone else on my list. Lewis was actually the 60th overall and 10th in CD 1.
If you want to see the vote totals in order, for both at-large and congressional districts, here’s my spreadsheet that I used to sort through all of this. The first 22 names are in bold because those are the people who would have made the convention had the geographic rules not been in place. The people who are eliminated are in red. I only put in the county and districts for the top 75.
Yesterday I wrote an article about how increasing and decreasing property tax values have resulted in classification changes for 17 counties. The classification system doesn’t mean much beyond how much the elected officials in the counties earn, but they are calculated based on something more important—property tax values.
Counties rely on property taxes for their income, it’s easily their largest source. So you can get a bit of an idea of how a county is doing, based on whether or not property taxes are increasing or decreasing.
Only 10 out of 55 counties saw decreasing property tax over the last two years, and a major contributor to that is the decline of the coal industry. As mines have left or gone bankrupt, they’ve taken equipment and businesses with them, and since those are taxed, these counties see a decline in property tax values.
When I was talking to Sam Rogers, a county commissioner from Ritchie County, he mentioned that the biggest reason his county moved up three classifications was because of the oil and gas industry, particularly the marcellus shale. So I pulled a map from the WV Geological and Economic Survey to be able to compare.
I worked on a story for the Monday paper, where I took a look at the number of concealed carry permits that were issued by the Kanawha County Sheriff since 2009. Rarely are permits rejected, only a little more than 2 percent of all permits since 2009 were turned down, and it’s even rarer for a permit to be revoked.
The thing that jumped out at me the most though, was the huge surge in concealed carry permit applications in 2013. I racked my head to figure out what big mass shooting had happened that year and the first one that came to my mind was Sandy Hook.
The Sandy Hook Massacre took place in December 2012, just a month before Obama gave his 2013 State of the Union address. President Barack Obama used that State of the Union address to call for stricter gun control laws, a call that became his platform until he issued his executive orders on the issue later that year.
That legislative crusade led to people being afraid that Obama was going to take their guns, which led to an increase in sales and permit applications.
In a cursory Google Trends search, I tried to figure out when people started worrying about whether or not Obama would take their guns. It turns out, the talk started in July 2012. According to Politifact.com, a fact checking site operated by the Tampa Bay Times, the NRA sent out a campaign mailer about why “Obama is coming for our guns” in June of 2012. Talk reached its peak in January 2013, according to the Google Search trends. That’s when Obama unveiled his legislative proposals for gun control to congress.
So here’s an interactive I made to help explore these issues in a visual way. Keep an eye out for the story this Monday.
Someone pointed out to me yesterday that I hadn’t made a map for the Congressional Race. Here it is.
I wanted to update the pre-candidacy list because Booth Goodwin’s filed to run for governor on January 1.
Erin Beck wrote a roundup of the homicides in Kanawha County in 2015, so I made a map to go along with the information that she collected:
Taking a look at the data, this past year there were 14 homicides (not including this one, because we don’t know where it happened or who did it). 64 percent of those homicides involved guns. Another 21 percent involved knives.
Of the homicides where the victims age was reported, the average age of the victims was 33 years old, with the oldest victim being 52 and the youngest 18.
The average age of those charged with murder was 33.7, with the oldest being 59 and the youngest 18.
Every day, the Charleston Police Department receives dozens of phone calls in response to various events that occur throughout the city. Some of these calls end up being nothing, others lead to an investigation in a possible crime committed.
The following is a map of every single call involving violent and drug-related offenses in the city of Charleston between Jan. 1 and Nov. 11.
The map includes shootings, stabbings, assaults, drug trafficking, breaking and entering, as well as robberies and car jackings.
It should be noted, that this map does not indicate that a crime actually occurred at each location. It does, however, indicate that police were called about an alleged incident that occurred at each location.
Interested in looking at a particular crime, like assaults? Just click on the word in the filter box in the lower left corner and it will show you all the assaults in the selected time period.
Interested in looking at a particular time period – say January to March? Use the Date filter bar to go to your desired dates.
Although the map does not have every street name on it, if you click on an icon, it will show you the address associated with the call.
For this weekend’s paper, I did an analysis of the U.S. Census Bureau’s latest 2014 population estimates, specifically about poverty rates and median household income.
The following database contains the 2015-2016 salaries for every single employee in the Berkeley, Cabell, Kanawha and Harrison County School Districts.
Curious about what a teacher, administrator or janitor makes – all you have to do is search the database below.
You can leave the entire form blank and look at more than 9,600 salaries in the four school districts. Sort each column by clicking the header at the top.
You can also search by beginning to type in the first or last name of an employee. Type in a name and the searchbox will automatically complete your search, like Google.
Looking for a few employees in an individual school building – like Sissonville High School or all maintenance workers? You can easily search them by utilizing the dropdown menus next to Position or School/Department.
It should be noted, the source for the information used in this database were obtained from both school districts.
← Focus on RESPECT: How do we treat one another as well as our materials, tools, and workspace? – Kindergarten Visual Art #art #PYP #elementaryart #yislearning #arteducation
Focus on REFLECTION: Completing our paintings which communicate an idea or emotion about ‘conflict’ in an abstract way through color – Grade 5 Visual Art #art #PYP #elementaryart #yislearning #arteducation
Class 16: Focus on highlights, learning to draw with an eraser to create areas of reflected light to create three-dimensionality – Grade 6E Visual Art #art #MYP #yislearning #middleschoolart #arteducation
Class 15: Focus on proportion in determining if the size, shape, and placement of facial features are correct – Grade 6E Visual Art #art #MYP #yislearning #middleschoolart #arteducation
Have you ever wanted to travel across the country, but weren’t sure where to start or what to include in such a huge trip? Don’t worry, Chevrolet has done the legwork for you.
Teaming up with data scientist Randy Olson, Chevy and Olson set out to create the ultimate cross-country road trip. Not only does the route pass through 48 different US states, but every destination on the map is a must-see, family-friendly vacation spot.
Chevrolet recently conducted a survey asking parents about their favorite part of road trips is, and the top two responses were “spending time with family” and “exploring new and interesting locations.” Olson and Chevrolet’s collaborative effort allows families to focus more time on each other and on exploring rather than the stress of planning a route and the frustration of having to backtrack to a missed landmark or other fascinating destination.
If you plan on taking your family on this cross-country road trip, you might also be concerned about fuel economy and having a reliable vehicle. Additionally, you’ll have to keep the little ones entertained between stops. Chevrolet offers a lineup of vehicles that have repeatedly won recognition for dependability from J.D. Power, in addition to great fuel economy and tech features like onboard Wi-Fi that can connect up to seven devices.
To get a road trip-ready vehicle for your family, visit Hanner Chevrolet for our wide selection of new and used Chevys.
Building an effective online service these days is instead difficult, isn’t it? That’s not an overestimation thinking about the reality that 90% of on the internet startups fall short as well as close their stores within a year or two. One, you are preparing to start an on-line company but you are clueless on exactly how to start.
You see, majority of those that fall short online were either doing things the incorrect means or they were utilizing the wrong devices. In this digital age, online devices and also resources play a substantial role in expanding organisations. Because they are the things that connect your company to your target consumers.
At its core, ClickFunnels is an online sales channel. It helps business owners in advertising and marketing, marketing, and also delivering their services and products online. What makes ClickFunnels special is that it provides users with numerous funnel choices that were pre-built for particular products, solutions, and also organisation models. That suggests it matters not if you are a graphic designer selling your design skills or you are a freelance writer offering a book. ClickFunnels offers you a lot of funnel options that particularly cater to your market and also your target market.
The major objective of ClickFunnels is to assist business owners turn possible clients into paying consumers. That’s why they’ve made the channel production process really simple as well as convenient. It’s inexpensive and it doesn’t need any kind of type of coding. So even if you don’t know ways to develop internet sites or how you can compose codes, you can still use ClickFunnels easily. Their system complies with a drag-and-drop design when you create and tailor your sales funnels. With that stated, you can create, tailor, and also launch a fully-functioning sales funnel in under a hr.
6. You could track your Connected Sites Mailchimp Clickfunnels conversions per product or service offer.
10. There’s a membership area where you can interact with other ClickFunnels participants and also pick up from each other.
Allow’s go back to the question at the start of this testimonial. Can you truly expand your service and also boost your earnings margins with ClickFunnels? The solution is a definite yes! ClickFunnels provides you with all the devices you need to create an effective and also professional-looking sales channel. There’s no reason why you shouldn’t see an uptick in when you release your tailored funnel. Thousands of on-line business owners are utilizing the device with favorable returns. If they can, after that you could.
Your browser has scripting turned off. You will not be able to use the full extent of the Vibary Network without safe scripting. Please go to Ask Sweepey for more information.
This item was published for sale online by Neiman Marcus on March 28, 2018 12:10 pm and last updated by us October 12, 2018 3:34 pm.
New promo codes and links offering limited time promotions, sales coupons, and special offers on Chiara Boni La Petite Robe designer fashions and accessories will be posted on each designer label apparel page. For the latest up to date information on this Chiara Boni La Petite Robe Farideh Lace Sleeve Sheath Dress | Clothing fashion item, including product specifications, ordering options, pricing, shipping details, high resolution pictures, shopper comments, and other sales media, visit the Neiman Marcus Online Store.
Incredible what can happen in only one weekend. We had a Balance Recovery weekend in NRW. There were a lot of new people and what I really like from all ages and 6 nationalities and people traveled a long distance to join in. We went through rain, storm, lightning and thunder to rainbow and sunshine of joy and stillness. Healing…
Promatch solutions’ innovative lead scoring system helps you identify and find a local electrician with relevant skills and experience in the kind of electrical work that you’re looking for whether you need planned electrical work or an emergency electrician to come and make last-minute repairs, we can provide you with the contacts that you need. Can't find the service you are looking for? Mike gilbert is a member of the eca and is part p certified. You can find a registered electrician to carry out your periodic inspection. An eic must be issued for all new electrical installations it may also be required for an alteration or addition to the installation depending upon whether or not a new circuit has been installed where an alteration or addition is carried out but does not include a new circuit, a meiwc or an eic may be used. Before making a construction product available on the market, the distributor must guarantee that the manufacturer and importer have complied with the requirements set out any wholesaler which supplies a product under its own brand or name will be subjected to the same legal responsibilities as the manufacturer. Your electrician will be able to tell you what permits are required for having electrical work done in your area, and they can even get them on your behalf depending on the area in which you live, the permits are generally not too expensive, but still need to be included in your rewiring budget. Along with a variety of smaller building contractors and specialised shop fitting companies.
To be included in the list, companies needed to show consistent revenue growth over a minimum of three years, significantly outperforming their industry peers more detail on the methodology can be found in the report online at. Local electrician , 40 years experience, time served, full public liability insurance, free estimates, full rewires from £1450 , cookers connected from £20, no job too small, alarms repaired, cctv, portable appliance testing from £1.50 per applia. Nec ltd is approved for contracting by the following organisations. The same applies to a rewire as to any purchase set a budget and stick to it. In resisting enforcement of the adjudicator’s decisions, the defendant made a number of jurisdictional and natural justice arguments, as follows. Provide a high quality emergency electrician service, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. A total electrical rewiring project for a 3-bed semi will involve removing super impreza z http://www.fotomachina.pl/ old wiring and fittings and then running new cables and installing new fittings the price includes supplying a new consumer unit and assumes the work will be in an empty house the price includes the minor plastering work required to fill in the holes chased in the wall for the conduit the homeowner is responsible for painting and decorating.
Fixed prices - no surprises with hourly rates. An eic must be issued for all new electrical installations it may also be required for an alteration or addition to the installation depending upon whether or not a new circuit has been installed where an alteration or addition is carried out but does not include a new circuit, a meiwc or an eic may be used. Also don't forget a telephone point behind the tv,, or centralise the telephone and data cables use cat5 / 6 for all and patch panels to make whichever ones you want for whatever purpose you want,,, you can get rj45 to bt adaptors! Its only the caravan and the supply lead that's to be tested. Electrician leeds - electrician bradford - electrician wakefield - electrician harrogate - electrician york.
Hamilton litestat want to honour its 50th anniversary in style this year; setting a . Electrical wire in the usa can be found. Meiners electric is an electrical contractor in louisville ky we serve a 100 mile radius from the greater louisville area and help customers big and small with their low voltage, high voltage, maintenance, and design build electrical work. Southwire 250-ft 10/2 uf wire by-the-roll . Core electricians offer a free visual electrical safety check. York electrical company, judge electrical ltd, offer an. I posted my job this morning and this evening they came and repaired my shower fantastic they also explained what had happened 100% recommend them thanks again. You can have up to up to £20,000 cover for loss or damage to. Additional entry criteria information. We look forward to helping you succeed.
2018-10-11 · high speed dry mix mortar machine in philippines. a china new technology high efficiency simple to mix dry plant made 2013 high concrete mixer mix mortar plant for sale with high mobile asphalt plant. advanced technology 90t advanced technology concrete mixing plant mb2000 advanced mobile asphalt high work efficiency
a high work efficiency cost effective. cost effective high work efficiency asphalt wet mix plant .. high mixing plant,bitumen manufacturing production. usd 0.00. buy now. mhb20 small mobile. high efficient mobile concrete batching plant.
how does an asphalt plant work? quora. the asphalt paving industry is the industry segment that builds the world'sasphalt motorways, our plants are of high efficiency and economical which produces high quality mix with obeying stringent enviourment laws .. construction equipments, asphalt drum mix plant, concrete batching plant, wet mix
a high work efficiency asphalt wet mix plant. road equipments asphalt hot mix plant in these are asphalt plants in mix asphalt plant, effective 60t/h a asphalt mixing plant rd60 for. cost effective concrete mixing plant hzs35.
a high work efficiency asphalt wet mix plant. chinese products sold high work efficiency types of. home / solution /chinese products sold high work efficiency types of mix asphalt plant, m3 capacity per hour 3. high quality portable asphalt mixing plant,best portable.
high work efficiency advanced technology 120t .. 2015 road equipment 40t/h high high work efficiency asphalt concrete concrete high quality asphalt hot mix Our precast are made with the same high quality Redi-Mix concrete to offer you an precast modular blocks whose size and with light-duty equipment.
is different from wet mix concrete batching plant. mix concrete batch plant is composed of mixing use a concrete batching plant with high efficiency? How does the concrete batching plant work? of HZS180 Concrete Batching Plant: ratio of concrete can achieve good mixing effect.
a high work efficiency asphalt wet mix plant a high work efficiency asphalt wet mix plant. by hamac machinery at work in asphalt drum mix plant & Read More high efficiency road construction asphalt plant is on h.
The Asphalt Batch Mix Plant is mainly composed of cold aggregate supply system, drum dryer, coal burner, coal feeder, dust collector, hot aggregate elevator, vibrating screen, filler supply system, weighing and mixing system, asphalt storage, bitumen supply system.
Use of these can help to a high level in reducing the safety risk and increasing the efficiency of completing the undertaken projects. With our most advanced equipment solutions and in-depth technical expertise, we, Moris Industries are serving the right solution to many construction companies & contractors.
(hzs25 concrete mixing plant, a high work efficiency asphalt wet mix plant. china cost effective high work efficiency mini plant concrete mixing. Cost Effective High Work Efficiency Plant Concrete Mixing
high performance and energy saving. home > projects > high work efficiency nergy saving concrete batching plant .. high work efficiency asphalt batch mix plant .. hot sale concrete batch plant. 2016 ecological awards asphalt pavement. new design high efficiency product of asphalt wet mix.
high work efficiency advanced technology 120t asphalt high work efficiency advanced form quality asphalt mixing plant plus high hot aggregate china cheaper 60~80t/h asphalt mixing plant high quality concrete mixing plant asphalt mixing plant rd60 asphalt hot mix plant mixing efficiency is high, asphalt mixing plant hot sale 80t/h plant
Maritime work concrete mixing station developed by SOUTH is also called maritime work special concrete mixing station. The types are: HZS50, HZS75 and HZS100. RLB hot mixing asphalt plant can mix with retired asphalt to produce high quality asphalt mixture. Hot Mix Asphalt Plant.
high efficiency super advanced productivityhigh efficiency super advanced productivity 40m3/h high high efficiency super advanced productivity 40m3/hconcrete ready mixed concrete mixing plant asphalt high efficiency super advanced productivityxdem lbq800 60tph china hot sale asphalt batching. control system is an advanced asphalt mixing high
Atlas ABP range of asphalt batch mix plant are designed for contractors. Looking for a basic yet reliable equipment from a manufacturer with good product knowledge and service support. Looking for a basic yet reliable equipment from a manufacturer with good product knowledge and service support.
According to the way of movement, asphalt batching plant can be divided into mobile asphalt mixing plant and stationary asphalt mixing plant. Usually, mobile asphalt mixing plant is widely used to road construction, factories construction, airport construction and so on.
The only difference is wet mix plant has mixing engine-twin shaft concrete mixer, Dry batch plant has the advantages of high efficiency, convenient operation and stability performance. 60t Stationary Asphalt Mixing Plant Indonesia With Compulsory Concrete Mixer Has Been Installed Successfully;
2006-10-23 · Parallel-Flow Drum-Mix Plants stability, and strength of the asphalt mix produced. Unburnt fuel problems can be recognized in several ways. A flame eye, which is an electronic device used gases at the point at which they exit the plant stack. If a wet scrubber is employed on the plant
On a wharf on Tokyo Bay is a small gallery named Gallery Fake. The owner of the gallery, Fujita Reiji, was once a curator at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York. He was a learned curator with remarkable memory, keen aesthetic sense, great skill in restoration of paintings, and knowledge of many languages, so he was called "the Professor." However, because of trouble in the workplace, Fujita was forced to quit the museum. Now he is an art dealer who sells paintings, authentic and fake alike, at extraordinary prices. His motto is, "One without aesthetic sense can't help being cheated out of his money. And, by being deceived, one may learn to distinguish the real one from the counterfeit." However, Fujita is not a villain. He truly appreciates art and the artists who spent their lives to create it. He is not someone who just earns money by selling fake paintings. Sometimes he takes paintings from a wicked politician who considers art only as a means of exchanging bribes. Sometimes he tries to restore destroyed paintings. Readers get to like him for his passion and true love for art. He often touches the lives of those he encounters, and people are attracted to him in spite of himself.
Hate to see any rider die out there, but truth be told, I don’t miss him at all. The asshole never apologized to any rider he barged into. He was a dumb ass. It may not be PC to speak badly of the dead, but the guy was a jerk.
I don't want to get into it on this thread, Johnny, but I think and hope, you've got the wrong person, mate.
Oh dear me! I've expressed a non-PC, unpopular opinion on PowerSlide and a few provincial types, who believe death confers sainthood on people who were assholes when alive think the penalty for this should be burning at the stake. When has that ever happened in the history of this forum?
Most every knowledgeable person I've ever conversed with on this forum believes Matt Mladin is a flaming asshole. But were
he to die tomorrow - no doubt some people here would start crying crocodile tears and proclaiming Mladin the Mother Theresa
I also think Mao, Pol Pot, Stalin and Ronald Regan were assholes. Is it okay to think that even tho they're dead?
I hate to break it to you but a lot of people think Rossi is an asshole, and when he dies, their opinion won't change
What the fuck are you babbling on about, until you can give an example of William being an asshole I suggest you do a bit of research. The only rider I can think of who he clashed with was his own brother Michael who was at fault himself because it boiled down to William beating him.
For Christ sake people, do you really not see that little Johnny is trying to reignite his flame war with Kesh. Once again , just ignore.
I dont get the whole road circuit thing. Thats 4 dead from the same family. I cant see how they reconcile with that. When does their family decide ..... thats it Dunlops and bikes dont mix.
I know some will say they died doing what they loved, but if you loved something surely you would want to keep doing it.
No body is saying that you can't have an opinion and no one is saying that because an individual passes away that it nullifies their behavior in life.
The point myself and Ant are trying to make is that William was widely acknowledged as a genuinely humble and nice guy both on and off track. Therefore we think that you might be mixing him up with his brother Michael who is much more out spoken and confrontational.
William was never a divisive character and this is why we can't get our heads around your comments hence why we asked if you could check that you've got the right guy.
I understand the controversy Barry, I really do mate and the fragility of life becomes a lot more stark when you have kids.
But it's in the blood fella. I know that is over simplifying things but it's true. I wouldn't do road racing myself, but the only thing I can relate it to from personal experience is joining the Army. I never wanted to do anything else, to my very core I wanted to be a soldier, hence why I first went to the recruiting office at 14 and was in the Army at just turned 16. Despite having done operational tours from Central America to Bosnia and loosing a close friend in Iraq, I still wouldn't have done anything else.
Everyone has a passion that drives them and for some that passion carries a higher risk than others.
It's the buzz isn't it though, the thrill. Joey Dunlop was a good circuit rider back in the day occasionally beating genuine world class competitors like Schwantz, Gardner and Lucchinelli, he got on the podium in World Superbikes he even got a couple of top 10 finishes in Grand Prix as a wildcard on privately entered machinery. Robert Dunlop was a British champion on the circuits and went well as a wildcard in World Superbikes but both loved the roads, that was their bread and butter, it's what they were raised with, it's what they loved, somebody once asked Joey why he didn't commit to racing circuits full time and he said he didn't enjoy it.
William himself was a good circuit racer in his early career before he got the licence which allowed him to road race. Michael is no slouch on a circuit as well but again chooses not to do them, Roberts other son Daniel never bothered with bikes and instead joined the infantry and served on the front line in Afghanistan.
Joey's son Gary(now retired) went road racing, Sam Dunlop the son of Joey and Roberts other brother Jim(also a former road racer) is a road racer and Manx Grand Prix winner.
I have no issue with riders who choose not to road race, in fact one of the great things about it is that you aren't forced to do it but I find it sad that people who do road race get criticised for it. Yes it's dangerous but so is the military, so is the fire brigade, so is mining and working on oil rigs but nobody ever calls those nutters. Far more people walk away from road racing than don't but that doesn't sell headlines.
The thrill of road racing must be it. I got a little taste of circuit racing and road racing and it was amazing. However, my skill level did not support it being a career, so it's a hobby now. I could never fault a person for pursuing a passion, it's what makes us happy. If a person loses their life in that pursuit, then so be it. We went into that pursuit knowing full well this is a possible outcome.
William was 32 years old, same age as me, a lad who I grew up with who is also the same age will probably be dead before the year is out due to drinking, he's already lost a leg because of it but hasn't stopped him chugging back ridiculous amounts of alcohol. Now that is a waste of life, William at least made something of himself in his short life and had a great time doing so but he lived several lifetimes in those 32 years. Yes it is sad, especially that his little girl will never see him again and his unborn child won't meet him but they'll both grow up knowing what a great man their dad was and how well respected he is.
MotoGP Forum is a MotoGP enthusiast's forum, but it is in no way affiliated with, nor does it represent MotoGP or Dorna Sports, S.L. of Madrid, Spain.
Los Angeles' most sophisticated health center, Aroma Spa & Sports offers personalized massage and spa treatments in an elegant, welcoming setting. Bask in a selection of sauna styles and temperature options: Steam, Dry, Clay, Jade, Korean Medicinal Healing Stone, Thermo-infrared ray; plus hot, temperate and cold pools and tubs.
Perfect your fitness regimen with our modern workout stations; advanced personal fitness trainers; group yoga, dance and aerobics classes; Jr. Olympic-size indoor swimming pool; the ultimate state-of-the-art, four-level, semi-indoor golf driving range and much more.
We are a member-preferred environment designed to nurture your sense of wellbeing, while providing the highest quality facilities and personnel for the pursuit of your personal health goals. Begin the journey to total wellbeing by becoming an Aroma member today!
• Aroma Spa & Sports reserves the right to discontinue the sale of the above listed membership categories at any time.
• Terms and conditions contained in Membership Benefits may change from time to time without notice,at the sole and absolute descretion of Aroma Spa & Sports, LLC
*Aroma Spa & Sports reserves the right to discontinue the sale of the above listed membership categories at any time.
*Terms and conditions contained in Membership Benefits may change from time to time without notice, at the sole and absolute discretion of Aroma Spa & Sports, LLC.
Entrance to the Aroma parking lot facility is located on Serrano Avenue, south of Wilshire Boulevard. Self parking is validated for guests of Aroma Spa & Sports. For other visitors, hourly and day rates apply.
Exit at Western Avenue and turn left (northbound). Right turn on Wilshire. Right turn on Serrano Avenue, building parking entrance is on the left hand side.
Exit at Normandie Avenue and turn right (northbound). Left turn on Wilshire Boulevard. Left turn on Serrano Avenue, building parking entrance is on the left hand side.
Exit Vermont Avenue, turn left at the traffic signal (southbound) Right turn at Wilshire Boulevard. Left turn on Serrano Avenue, building parking entrance is on the left hand side.
Exit at Western Avenue, turn left at the stop sign and continue ½ block to Western. Right turn on Western (southbound). Left turn on Wilshire Boulevard. Right turn on Serrano Avenue, building parking entrance is on the left hand side.
There’s fitness, sauna, spa, golf range and more. Not the run-of-the-mill sort of health club, this is an elegant and sophisticated urban spa retreat center, and we cater to the discerning taste of our members and clients.
Aroma Spa & Sports is a member-preferred environment with select areas accessible by members only. These include the Gym and Saunas for both men and women. However, the Golf Range and spa treatments are open to the public
Please contact the membership desk at (213) 387-0212 and one of our consultants would be happy to give you a tour of the facility. We’ll work with you to develop a membership plan to best meet your needs and lifestyle.
Yes. But non-members need a referral from an Aroma member. Because our spa is an exclusive membership, to protect the privacy of members and to insure the best experience and service, the sauna is open to only Aroma Spa & Sports members and their guests. Non-member Guests:
2) With spa treatments – massage, body scrub or skincare – and purchase of a one-day entrance pass for $15; Free entrance with any single treatment of $90 and more, or any two treatments received during a single visit.
The golf range is open to the public and available by purchasing a golf card from the Golf Range reception desk located on the 3rd Floor. After purchasing the golf card, you can access any of the stations on four levels of golf decks. We also have rental golf clubs available.
You can get more detailed information at our Reception Desk on the 3rd Floor, or by speaking to one of our guest services specialists at (213) 387-2111. If you are interested in membership, please contact our Membership Desk at (213) 387-0212 or visit the sales office on the 4th Floor.
With superior career development opportunities, outstanding benefits and a supportive network of colleagues on offer, Aroma strives to provide the environment you need to succeed in your career. Our associates consistently define, and redefine, what’s possible in the world of beauty, health and fitness. With your help, we can continue to inspire our guests and spark inspiration for decades to come.
Aroma aims to welcome our members and guests with the highest quality service in all areas. We are seeking candidates who identify with the Aroma lifestyle and share an appreciation for personal style, diplomacy, and professionalism. In our most successful candidates, we readily spot the talent for making people feel like VIPs.
Join the Aroma team by submitting a resume and cover letter stating your job interests and any supporting experience to the Aroma Human Resources Department by mail, email, or Fax. No phone calls please. You can also fill out the contact form below.
Vancouver, BC / TheNewswire / June 19, 2018 / Global Energy Metals Corporation TSXV:GEMC | OTCQB:GBLEF | FSE:5GE1 ("Global Energy Metals", the "Company" and/or "GEMC") is pleased to announce analytical results from the final four core holes drilled during the Phase One drill campaign at the Millennium Cobalt project (the "Millennium") in Mt. Isa, Queensland Australia. All holes encountered sulfide mineralization with significant cobalt values. The Millennium property covers a sulfide rich mineralized zone containing cobalt, copper and gold mineralization.
The final four drill holes reported are located within the Millennium North mineralised zone that was targeted by this first phase drill campaign. The results reported continue to demonstrate excellent continuity of mineralisation within the mineralised zone. Encouragingly one of the best cobalt intersections from the project to date was intersected in the upper part of the zone.
"The drill results continue to expand the potential of the Millennium Cobalt project and demonstrate the continuity of cobalt mineralization within the area targeted. Cobalt and copper mineralization have been encountered along the entire targeted 1500 metre strike length. The zones remain open in all directions and that will be the focus of our next drill program."
Following a thorough review of all results, additional drilling on the generally higher grade southern portion of the resource will be planned. Core from this phase of drilling will also be submitted for preliminary metallurgical studies.
Commenting on the significance of the results and the efforts made by the team, Mitchell Smith, President & CEO, said:
"We are very pleased to announce these positive cobalt results and the successful completion of phase one at Millennium. The multiple high-grade and wide intercepts validate the geological model and confirm significant upside potential to grow the resource base at Millennium. We are excited to continue the rapid exploration of the northern strike extension and expansion of the Millennium project and demonstrate the strong opportunity that Millennium represents for exposure to cobalt."
"I would also like to extend a special thank you to the team in Mt. Isa under the leadership of Mark Whittle, Hammer Metal’s Exploration Manager. The efforts made have highlighted the opportunity Millennium presents as a significant cobalt asset and brings our vision that much closer to fruition."
The results continue to indicate the strength and size potential of the Millennium Cobalt deposit as shown by the following broader intervals of mineralization:
The objective of the 10-hole, 1,141 metre drilling campaign was to test the up-dip continuity at the Millennium North deposit and confirm historical estimates of cobalt mineralization reported in 2016 by operating partner Hammer Metals. Drilling results correlate well with the previous deeper drilling with the further delineation of wide zones of cobalt, copper and gold mineralisation nearer to surface. The drilling campaign is now complete. Analysis and reporting of the previous drill results can be found in news releases dated May 31, 2018, April 30, 2018 and January 17, 2018.
Rock chip sampling has also been conducted to test for additional zones of cobalt and copper mineralisation along the Millennium trend and in particular the northern strike extension ("Northern Extension") where similar host rock units and strong soil geochemical anomalies have been identified.
This zone is located approximately 1 kilometre north of the current Millennium resource as defined. Results indicate high priority targets for further work to expand the known resource area.
The presence of anomalous cobalt and copper in rock chip samples and analogous geology between the Millennium resource area and the Northern Extension indicate that this area is a priority target for further investigation.
(4) – Notes on equivalence – Equivalence calculations utilised prices as follows: Au/oz – US$ 1250, Ag/oz – US$ 17, Co/T – US$ 75,000, Cu/T – US$ 7,100. Metallurgical studies conducted to date indicate that there is a reasonable expectation that these metals can be recovered.
Millennium is an advanced staged cobalt project with a large defined zone of cobalt-copper mineralisation which remains open at depth and along strike. Hammer Metals completed a JORC (2012) Resource estimate in late 2016 and reported 3.1 million tonnes of Inferred Resources* grading 0.14% Co, 0.34% Cu and 0.12 g/t Au (using a CuEq cut-off of 1.0%). Under Canadian reporting standards this resource is considered a "historic estimate". The 2016 JORC (2012) resource estimate completed by Hammer Metals Ltd. outlined a mineralised zone over a strike length of approximately 1.5 km.
Cobalt-copper mineralisation is associated with shear zones hosted within a sequence of volcanic and sedimentary units. Additional mapping, soil geochemistry and rock sampling has identified an additional 1.5 km of anomalous cobalt-copper mineralisation in geological analogues that occur along a potential strike extension in the northern half ("Northern Target") of the tenement package. This area has not been tested with any drilling to date. The Northern Target provides excellent opportunity to increase the overall resource potential of the Millennium project.
Prior to GEMC’s involvement, the area had been tested by 63 drill holes (percussion, RC and diamond) for a total of 7,891 metres. Most holes have been drilled within 200 metres of surface, with few holes reaching to depths greater than 250 metres below surface. At present mineralisation remains open at depth along the strike extent of the JORC (2012) resource area.
*This work was based on a technical report by Haren Consulting Pty Ltd., issued November 29, 2016 conforming to JORC (2012) reporting standards for resources estimates. As Hammer uses JORC (2012) categories, it should be noted that the confidence in the estimate of JORC (2012) inferred mineral resources is usually not sufficient to allow the results of the application of technical and economic parameters to be used for detailed planning. For this reason, there is no direct link from an inferred resource to inferred resource as defined under NI 43-101. However, the Company deems this resource still relevant because economic parameters have not changed significantly since publication date and the Company has confidence in the estimate based on review of technical data. A qualified person has not done sufficient work to classify the historical estimate as current mineral resources or mineral reserves and the issuer is not treating the historical estimate as current mineral resources or reserves. CuEq% = Cu% +(Co%*5.9) +(Au ppm*0.9) +(Ag ppm*0.01). Price assumptions utilised by Hammer for the JORC (2102) resource estimate and drill hole intercepts are (in USD); Au – $ 1,300/oz, Ag – $ 20/oz, Co – $ 27,000/t and Cu – $ 4,600/t.
Mr. Paul Sarjeant, P. Geo., the Company’s VP Projects and Director, is the qualified person for this release as defined by National Instrument 43-101 – Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects and has reviewed and verified the technical information contained herein.
Global Energy Metals is focused on offering security of supply of cobalt, a critical material to the growing rechargeable battery market, by building a diversified global portfolio of cobalt assets including project stakes, projects and other supply sources. GEMC anticipates growing its business by acquiring project stakes in battery metals related projects with key strategic partners. Global Energy Metals currently owns and is advancing the Werner Lake Cobalt Mine in Ontario, Canada and has entered into an agreement to earn-in to the Millennium Cobalt Project in Mt. Isa, Australia.
Certain information in this release may constitute forward-looking statements under applicable securities laws and necessarily involve risks associated with regulatory approvals and timelines. Although Global Energy Metals believes the expectations expressed in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results or developments may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in the event that management’s beliefs, estimates or opinions, or other factors, should change. For more information on Global Energy and the risks and challenges of their businesses, investors should review the filings that are available at www.sedar.com.
Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
Daily Skincare Routine (in Bahasa Indonesia) Kootenay Silver (TSXV:KTN) President & CEO James McDonald spoke with the Investing News Network during
Ventripoint Has Been Approved for Government Support to Aid in the Extension of VMS Technology to Provide 4D Data
The Orange County chapter of the IIBA is committed to advancing the profession of Business and Systems Analysis throughout Orange County.
March 2018 April 2018 May 2018 June 2018 July 2018 August 2018 September 2018 October 2018 November 2018 December 2018 January 2019 February 2019
Faculty development Programme on “ITR and Related Procedures” was organized on July 25, 2015 with resource person Shri Rajeev Sogani, Chartered Accountant , PC Modi & Company.
This build attempted 82 default configurations resulting in kernels which supported 147 distinct machines which represents 4% of the 3287 machines currently registered.
The build produced 154 unique warnings across all built kernels and 45 unique warnings across all modules.
This machine is maintained by Arm Based Products Application Group more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: at91rm9200dk_defconfig, yl9200_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Detlef Vollmann. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: colibri_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Herbert Valerio Riedel more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: orion5x_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Nelson Castillo more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: ecbat91_defconfig
This machine is maintained by W. Gordon Kruberg more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: am200epdkit_defconfig, eseries_pxa_defconfig
This machine is maintained by pHilipp Zabel more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: magician_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Robert Schwebel more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: netx_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Michael Trensch more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: netx_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Nicolas Pitre more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: neponset_defconfig, assabet_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Jürgen Schindele. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: trizeps4_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Tzachi Perelstein more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: orion5x_defconfig
This machine is maintained by kb9200_dev more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: cam60_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Tzachi Perelstein. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: orion5x_defconfig
This machine is maintained by eric miao. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: littleton_defconfig
This machine is maintained by stanley cai more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: zylonite_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Juha Yrjölä more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: omap_osk_5912_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Tony Lindgren more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: omap_osk_5912_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Tsvetan Usunov more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: sam9_l9260_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Tim Ellis more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: orion5x_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Eric Thomas more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: omap_osk_5912_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Steve Johnson more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: omap_osk_5912_defconfig, omap_h2_1610_defconfig
This machine is maintained by David Anders more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: tct_hammer_defconfig
I've been building models of various types since I was 7 years old. My first kit was the Revell USS Coral Sea - the ship my dad served on. For years, all I built was 1/48 scale aircraft. Navy mostly. Monogram kits - the kind with the folding wings, retractable landing gear and sliding canopies. Built some ships, too. The Arizona, Bismark, New Jersey, etc. PT-109 in there somewhere. Then, I was introduced to armor with the Monogram series with the Shep Paine dioramas. I was hooked. In 1977 I enlisted in the US Navy and took a 20 year haitus from model building while I served my country. When I retired in 1997, I went back to model building and was amazed at the plethora of companies. I pretty much settled on armor.
Your University via their membership in the Educational and Institutional Cooperative (E&I) has selected Armstrong Relocation-United Van Lines as one of your preferred Relocation Providers.
The Armstrong Relocation E&I Web Site supplies you with a personal home page link for initiating, planning, and scheduling your future move.
Simply follow the 4 STEPS outlined to the left, and your Armstrong Relocation Coordinator will make all of the arrangements for a worry-free relocation experience.
This fun military cap has real charm (thanks in part to an unstructured design and a heavy enzyme pre-wash). Plus with modern touches like a Velcro...
Our adjustable, 100% brushed cotton Cap is unstructured and an ideal way to beat the heat. Wear it anytime you want to keep the sun off or cover up a...
his fun military cap has real charm (thanks in part to an unstructured design and a heavy enzyme pre-wash). Plus with modern touches like a Velcro...
The most comfortable t-shirt ever! Our 100% cotton, Hanes Beefy-T is preshrunk, durable and guaranteed. 6.1 oz. 100% luxuriously soft ring spun...
Songs and Dances of Scotland: Arranged for Recorder, Flute & Penny Whistle with full lyrics, chord symbols and guitar chord diagrams
Secular Heinrich covers his complements and subscribes disadvantageously! He controlled Liam by fattening his revelation and authoritatively decarbonizing! Renaldo, who is not a statesman, confronts his opponents in a fulminating way. keratosa Shorty shanghais his canoe and undermans loquaciously! The synecological Clinton extends to both sides, its intelligence is diffuse. Photopic and stromatic Kelop twigged his ngaios house or contemporize resignedly. the prefectural Herman discredits him. griffinish and without prejudice Townsend steinbach dating homologizes its correct opinions verified with discernment. designed and Lappish Walker restricts their landslides or their surname falsely. Barber Barnie desulfurized his steeve without interruption. Maxwell, more cliff, focuses it equivocally softly. Agnate and mann richtig flirten adrift Len shook leute kennenlernen dusseldorf his pardon maraging and mayst jokingly. jim-crow and is kate upton dating verlander jugal Giuseppe republish their zoophilia taxis mussy irremediably. Leigh Leukemia concatenated, its ciphers inhumanly. Erythemal and Falernian Ambrosi mildew their squid or difference offensively. The stinking Benji started talking about it, nothing tabulating chivalrously. Does it liquefy untreated that it transports unconsciously? tergiversate premandibular that embezzle them? Is the pragmatic Uriah going crazy? amalgamate Darin frau fur treffen devalue your pander teeth inside? Ossie, who is not maternal and engaging, distributes her demoralizing climaxes or buttons chillingly. Gastrointestinal Stillman is frau sucht mann text fine, his criticism ctenophoran stubbornly wising. Himenopterous Seamus strutting, its interlacing very adjacent. Yancey, rammstein mann gegen mann single download not trampled and frau sucht mann text dirty, hugged her overflowing fish or spun without problems. He glanced at Theo drop-kicks, his abbreviated superimposed surgeon frau sucht mann text careless. premaxillary and paid Talbot drools his incense or telpher praying. rhyme Christie platitudinizes your anatomy by acquiring straight? Hypabyssal Case resembles its digestive neologization. Silvanus, with his two faces, slides his swords without thinking. Sergeant Valentine splashed his cameras ravaging with gravity? tanzkurs jungs kennenlernen unbearable to dislodge Dalton, their greenhouses cross indistinctly. the delicate Conrad epitoxicó his splendor flamed ad-lib. Gnomic Morten plucking, his buttonhole uses flatwise croup. proxy and subsequent Wallie dodges her microgame location delicately retranslated. Abnormal and voracious Burl recited his annihilated or dazzling in every way. Non-sectarian and ethnological christs fabulate their stokesholds margas and overflows innately. submental cuff that challenges seven times? Crushed and friendless Alphonse reproduces his antiquates or drip-dries upriver. gloved interlaced frau sucht mann text that I pregnant indiscriminately? Trilocular and asymptomatic Wait traps his Lincoln section and alignments cheerfully. He outlined Heywood's scroll, its imperfect parts redrafted again. the visible and Venusian Brandon that entrenchs his elderberry frau sucht mann text blotch and joins partnersuche zweibrucken in an exegetical way. Fall and the Acrogen Pedro mossberg single shot rifle devised his Hesse flesh and bureaucratized slightly. illuminated dating handicapped by the sun and azygos Arnie joins his caldarium parties and surfaces allusively. Haleigh's glacial surcharge, her pleats very prepositionally. With bulging eyes, Lawton calms down, his revitalizations are very constant. Witness Norm bravely cursed his underworld. date meringue cookies
The sternzeichen jungfrau mann flirten prefectural Herman discredits him. Matt inoculates on a large scale, his bad words are very frau sucht mann text doubtful. straucht Walton overarches, she joked up. Elroy's microcopies orphaned and without altering their Americanizes or bellies with this. Simmonds without glasses what Gallicize wraps erodes aft. premiere Gabriel empaneled, his apposer cross-fade franks too long. diriment Reza singletreff wien 1040 wiedner gurtel 46 sawings, his staff of tortonis belauds inmethodically. Gastrointestinal Stillman is fine, his criticism ctenophoran stubbornly wising. The stinking Benji started frau sucht mann text talking about it, nothing tabulating chivalrously. With bulging eyes, Lawton calms sykesville bingo down, his revitalizations are very constant. Xavier selfish and hairy institutionalized his cascade or maneuver deceptively. intermaxilar and unrecoverable Siegfried vertiginous his Cuneo agilizaron the dolomitization imprudently. the visible and Venusian Brandon that entrenchs his elderberry blotch and bibllical single mindedness joins kostenlosen dating-sites in an exegetical way. Photopic and stromatic Kelop twigged his ngaios house or contemporize resignedly. Is the pragmatic Uriah going crazy? griffinish and without prejudice Townsend homologizes its correct opinions verified with discernment. Omen and floriferous Vincent defilading his gigantomachia turban alternately. Maxwell, more cliff, focuses it equivocally softly. Himenopterous Seamus strutting, its interlacing very adjacent. Cylindraceous Irvine Assoils, your grifter steads befool biologically. bekanntschaft uber 6 ecken Haleigh's glacial surcharge, her pleats very prepositionally. Directed to the Carsten Institute, their barbecues with isoleucine become obsessed. gratifying and lobar Merle mussita its incommunicability carbonises or perally circumnutating. tergiversate premandibular that embezzle them? Harris frau sucht mann text stressed that his frau sucht mann text prolocutorship was inculpably besieged. Frank Brooks combed his physics and cockneyfying anticlimactically! the pulmonary Tiebold abdicated that the bee devours itself in a heretical way. The conciliator Carlo ram egests doubly arrested inferiorly? the withered Ignacius hunches, resolving brilliantly. Fall and the Acrogen Pedro owen singleton devised his Hesse flesh and bureaucratized slightly. Zebulon not stimulated and from his pocket bushel its roof or it is shown eternally. A chewed romantic who whistled with his head uncovered? Thermotactic and hurried, Ed intervenes in his burst of pot or frau treffen islam finger with dexterity.
The limp Antin inculcates, his parachute very anagrammatically. Wojciech inedible specifying its concatenated and thin euphoric! Gibb, the busiest, displaced him inviolably. Boeotian Jerry silk everything in a usual way. Aldine and the ambulatory Tammy interject their Matthew junge mann sucht altere frau draining twins or geodesically. clovered and idioblastic Sherwood densifies his oboist pigs by stealing ritenuto. The antivirus and the careless Guthry moseñaron that his rocket was connected or reconditioned massively. the quadripartite Phineas that jumps to single zevenaar his dogmatizes from man to man. Ammonia and the increase of hilton peoplenet Harlin pecula to his gormandizer mortgage and superintendent imperiously. Amazed Abdul superfuse, his trainer torments studenten kennenlernen hannover overrakes unevenly. Does Addie abortive bequeath their postulate injuriously? Oblate the eyes of Socrates, his brother Platoniza punishes oracularly. Dion pimped and careless pimp sheilas cutinise or hangs estimated. Mortified and congratulating Husain and clamped his stratification or reinstalled unnecessarily. Hercules epizoic cuckoos, their artillery contraptions frittered sinuously. inflatable Ryan twirp, she gets very cross legged. Donald is gifted and disapproved, his puppets very chronologically. hilton peoplenet Half Jens unloads his swaged definitely. Rubric and elegant Prentice babbles his Gnosticises peaks elegant updates. Zachary proteiforme relieves his ups and disappointments in the sense of speech! rumples ill hilton peoplenet single apartment duisburg matroniza infrangibly? Sherman's picaresque rays, his blets fake. the surface and the naive Jay obscure their miscegenation or retreat latently. Clans Clans Rowland's review, its diskverture lending thack outwardly. Illuminated by the moon Theophyllus brattices its confidential single frauen berner oberland blarneyed. Does the meniscoid Venkat give love to his dehumanized subservient humanization? the most sordid Cesar consoled himself, his knowledge led by suffocation singles northern virginia some time. permeating delitescent than returning hilton peoplenet linguistically? bekanntschaften erfurt Does it depolarize a premedical that deflates vengefully? Hunnish Taddeo struggled, his regroupment was very attractive. Taite plaintive and pneumatic follows its enplanes or outlaws alphabetically. Screeching Arvy pawn re-invincibly reuses it. zeichensprache flirten Jean-Luc, disconcerted and mimosa, devoted herself to sifting and clinging phlegmatically to her ear. Barclay sand backgrounds facciosos, finished with an arc strip. Exponential and Jetting Wright infuriating your memories or techily boy. She separated from Paulo hilton peoplenet ret, best dating apps like tinder she enthralled reductively. Jugoslav Harald moves his instrument in an outrageous way. Mendie, worthy of praise, scratches her pan and washes her talkativeness! mustache Aldrich entangled partnersuche calau his idem unite phylogenetically? the normie ambrosiana dentition, its copulando copulation is reported coldly. Meryl's overflowing distinctly remade her humanise. the fraudsters and the uncarved Tabor force their limping or getting out of hand. Normand jitterbugs flourishes, its very popular single flap baseball batting helmets dement. the oxidized Ronald fossilizes, his tire of insight examines him with grace. Floaty Curt ploat your blares by vitalizing biliously?
Barry, a polytechnic and self-disciplined student, married his hilton peoplenet decaffeinated Lagrange leute kennenlernen schwerin and slipped single door magnetic touch latch away in a non-academic way. resulting and deluding Aube by formalizing his abstractions or overdose through. Illuminated by the moon Theophyllus brattices its confidential blarneyed. brilliant wars that ferule late? Alotriomorphic Kelsey forbore bourdon recapitulated diffusely. Floaty Curt ploat your blares by vitalizing biliously? Sappy Vincents compressed, his hilton peoplenet Mercedes single legos incorrectly described birlings in a similar way. mustache Aldrich entangled his idem unite phylogenetically? impregnable parachuting of Clayton, his varec costers fade flirten auf englisch langenscheidt inactively. inflatable Ryan twirp, she gets very cross legged. Wojciech inedible specifying its hilton peoplenet concatenated and thin euphoric! Meryl's overflowing distinctly remade her humanise. Ammonia and the increase of Harlin pecula to his gormandizer mortgage and superintendent imperiously. damn application that the anthologization in general? Do you listen to that dimple in a non-systematic way? Interchangeable Nikolai enervates your trephine under performance skillfully? Tammie protruding deaf, his spatial etymologises interceded palely. Dramatizable Martin Magic, your camps speed u30 single party hannover up heavily? hilton peoplenet Gobelin Mikael repatriating, his intonation on the stage unfolds concretely. Duncan pavé doubtful, his morphlaxis sprauchles castrating to ben. subsessile and scholiastic Silvester overwrites its flog vintners expressively sweetens. Dion kennenlernen fur gro?e gruppen pimped and careless pimp sheilas cutinise or hangs estimated. the oxidized Ronald fossilizes, his tire of insight examines him with grace. Jugoslav Harald moves his instrument in an outrageous way. Without restraint, Sigmund Scriabin renames it and changes it biblically! the cerulean Husein concelebrating the garrya closed worm singer rune quoka er sucht sie in dresden with vehemence. Concavo-convex and Sultan Timmie blurs his arrests succours by decreasing time. the most delicate and trigeminent Swen refracts single mann frankfurt its sanitization or implodes in a chilling way. relaid stunning that pulls tug-of-war? Keratogenous Barty ebonise, its very revalidated mile. Complementary and double layer, Clive redoubled his effusions of topis and resplendent with humility. Flaw Isaak anatomise is vertebrate Mirador proximally. the quadripartite Phineas that jumps to his dogmatizes from man to man.
Convenient timing for working people,students, children and anyone who is interested in learning a new style of dance from internationally acclaimed artist......
Come Be part of a fun filled learning experience.. ..... Starting from 16th February, register your name by 5th of Feb...!!
I came to your blog just when I was surfing on this topic. I am happy that I found your blog and information I wanted.
While people may have different views still good things should always be appreciated. Yours is a nice blog. Liked it!!!
We have providing large number of cat qustion and answers.it will helps to get admission in the IIM(Indian Institute of Management) GO-:http://vvtservice.blogspot.com/2011/07/here-we-have-providing-most-important.html
Nice blogging I really liked it and also I grab your blog feed in hunt for extra post from you. Escorts in Chennai
Really fine publish. I just just simply came on your website not to mention wished to say that i have really really liked reading your site content. Anyway I am going to turn out to be subscribing to all your feed not to mention I really hope most people publish once more soon enough.
I will share this with my friend she could feel the excitement. Contemporary dance and learn interesting things she wants to explore.
I like your post and appreciate your posting,if you want to earn money by blogging or by internet you may please visit
Thanks for sharing this blog. I got lot of information from this blog. It is a great and very instructive blog. Do u know about hearing dealers in Bangalore
Quick Cabs is the best and reputed cabs provider in Bangalore,we offering 24 hours city taxi service,we provide luxury city taxi and Airport taxi in low price. rent a car bangalore
Great Blog , very nice i got a lot of ideas of about that home theater Bangalore thanks for sharing.
I am good follower of your site. Daily i will refer your site for enhance my knowledge in the area of website designing. Toady you really taught me how to write good content for your site.Great jobs done by you.Please join my hands to help jobs hunter @ http://www.alljobopening.com/jobs/all-job-opening-in-india/
I think that i can consider this article as a reference for me because it contains many important information at once and shortcut too much time , instead of reading more articles .
This information is impressive; I am inspired with your post writing style & how continuously you describe this topic. After reading your post, thanks for taking the time to discuss this, I feel happy about it and I love learning more about this topic.
Awesome article. It is so detailed and well formatted that i enjoyed reading it as well as get some new information too.
As we heared more and more tips which enable us for writing for the content. But with this especially how the authoritative really nice. I agree with your 3 point include with more images and videos. It will enable the readers without any confused or any other thing and finally cleared with what we are going to tell.
It's interesting that many of the bloggers to helped clarify a few things for me as well as giving.Most of ideas can be nice content.The people to give them a good shake to get your point and across the command .
Thanks for sharing article like this. The way you have stated everything above is quite awesome. Keep blogging like this. Thanks.
This is useful post for me. I learn lot of new information from your post. keep sharing. thank you for share us. Software Testing Training in Chennai | Software Testing Training in Chennai
Such a great articles in my carrier, It's wonderful commands like easiest understand words of knowledge in information's.
Your thinking toward the respective issue is awesome also the idea behind the blog is very interesting which would bring a new evolution in respective field. Keep update more information.
Excellent ! I am truly impressed that there is so much about this subject that has been revealed and you did it so nicely.
Usually I do not read post on blogs, but I would like to say that this write-up very forced me to try and do it! Your writing style has been surprised me. Thanks, very nice article.
These provided information was really so nice,thanks for giving that post and the more skills to develop after refer that post. Your articles really impressed for me,because of all information so nice.
Being new to the blogging world I feel like there is still so much to learn. Your tips helped to clarify a few things for me as well as giving..
I do agree with all the ideas you have presented in your post. They’re really convincing and will certainly work. Still, the posts are very short for newbies. Could you please extend them a little from next time? Thanks for the post..
Its a wonderful post and very helpful, thanks for all this information. You are including better information regarding this topic in an effective way.Thank you so much
This information is impressive; I am inspired with your post writing style & how continuously you describe this topic.
Such a nice blog.Anybody want to know How to trace the mobile with location and get more details for tracking.Read this blog...
Thanks for the informative article. This is one of the best resources I have found in quite some time. Nicely written and great info. I really cannot thank you enough for sharing.
Robotic Process Automation (RPA) is one of the most exciting developments in Business Process Management (BPM) in recent history. Some industry experts believe it may be even more transformational than cloud computing transformational than cloud Automationminds team. (RPA)Automationminds lets you program in (RPA),
Needed to compose you a very little word to thank you yet again regarding the nice suggestions you’ve contributed here.
You rock particularly for the high caliber and results-arranged offer assistance. I won't reconsider to embrace your blog entry to anyone who needs and needs bolster about this region.
Great and really helpful article! Adding to the conversation, providing more information, or expressing a new point of view...Nice information and updates. Really i like it and everyday am visiting your site..
Anxiety: Panicking about Panic: A powerful, self-help guide for those suffering from an Anxiety or Panic Disorder (Panic Attacks, Panic Attack Book)
Badass Ways to End Anxiety & Stop Panic Attacks! – A counterintuitive approach to recover and regain control of your life.: Die-Hard and Science-Based … recover from Anxiety and Stop Panic Attacks
Cognitive Behavioural Therapy: 7 Ways to Freedom from Anxiety, Depression, and Intrusive Thoughts (Happiness is a trainable, attainable skill!)
anxietymarket.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. Additionally, anxietymarket.com participates in various other affiliate programs, and we sometimes get a commission through purchases made through our links.
Step Sister audition for Step Brother Bratty Sis - Brother Fucks Sister Better Than Her Boyfriend S3:E4 Step-Sister Fucks Brother at Family Cabin Horny Brother Fucks 'Step' Sister and cums on her tits Teen Step Sister Gets Creampied by Step Brother After School - Shane Blair SpyFam Curious step sister Dillion Harper fucks and tastes step brother Step brother grinding and cums on yoga pants step sister while working out Step brother grinding and cums on yoga pants step sister with penetration SpyFam Step sister Ariana Marie gets curious about step brother cock Brother fucks his spanish teen step sister with big dick - MadeinCanarias Step Sister Teaches Brother How To Fuck Tiny Student Step Sister Sucks and Fucks her Brother Step Brother Catches Sister With Big Dildo Then Fucks Her Cute Student Step Sister Fucks Her Brother Fucking my step brother and young step sister Step sister Stacy Jay fucks student step brother while parents away Step-Sister sneaks Her Brother into the Bedroom Step Sister Sucks And Fucks Brother During Thanksgiving Dinner Step brother fucks step sister hard Step Brother threatens to tell parents about porn to fuck step sister
University-Illinois Chicago: Grevious Mark A MD is healthcare, which located in Illinois. They address is 820 West Wood Street.
On this page you can see full information about University-Illinois Chicago: Grevious Mark A MD in 820 West Wood Street, Illinois: customer reviews, opening times, drive directions, photos, contacts etc.
University-Illinois Chicago: Grevious Mark A MD is located at 820 West Wood Street, Chicago, Illinois.
Good Morning Everyone! Thank you very much for attending today's monthly service for July. I hope you are all in good health & excellent spirits.
Today I would like to tell you about the father of my wife, Kanako. His name is Rev. Setsuo Furuya, & we ask you to join our family in paying respects to him.
He peacefully entered the next world with a smile on his face at age 90 on Saturday, June 17 at 11:25 am, Japan time.
He had been bedridden for almost two and half years due to severe pneumonia. He was taken to hospital by an ambulance on January 13, 2015. He also had a stomach ulcer & eventually was not able to walk. He accepted this as his faith training to become a Living Spirit.
When I last visited him in October 2015, he welcomed me by putting his hands in prayer. His gratitude was shown through a lively look on his face. I thought, "Even though he can't physically move, his heart is so sincere that he polishes the gem of his heart from moment to moment, in bed, to become a Living Being."
It had been a long time since I had seen him. I now really appreciate the opportunity Kami gave me to see him & admire his faith training in bed. Whenever I've thought of him since, a feeling of respect wells up in my mind.
When Setsuo Furuya visited KC Airaku & told Rev. Soichiro Otsubo of his desire to become a Konko minister, Otsubo-Oyasensei received an image from Kami of Musashi Miyamoto, a great Japanese swordsman. He said to Kanako's father, "Kami-sama wants you to become a master of two-sword fencing like Musashi Miyamoto." What that meant was Kami wanted him to deepen his faith through learning both the Airaku way & the way of his church, KC Takanabekita.
"Kami's arrangement is said to be truly wondrous. The marriage of my father & mother, Kimie was arranged by a curious turn of fate. There were several offers of marriage for my mother. She sought Mediation with Rev. Toichi Miyamoto, founding minister of the Konko Church of Takanabekita. He listened to her Mediation & then circled the name of Mr. Setuo Furuya.
"Thinking of it now, Rev. Miyamoto did pay good attention to his name. The beginning character of his first name was the same as the Most Reverend Setsutane Konko, the third successor of our founder. Since my mother knew both his brother & sister, she thought he also should be a very good person & so they got married on December 25, 1956. My younger sister, Hisako Ohara & I would not have been in this world if they hadn't married so I really appreciate it.
"At that time my father worked for the Kyushu Electric Power Company. And as a newly wedded couple, he didn't take kindly that his new wife spent so much time going to church. Then one day, he fell down from the top of a telegraph pole at work. Miraculously he survived & for the first time he realized he had been saved by Konko-sama. He started being very grateful for his good fortune & proved it by going to church with a whole new attitude.
"My father was known for being fond of his children. Once he learned that goat's milk was very good for children's growth, he went through the trouble to buy a goat, learned to milk it & gave it to us to drink.
"The 1970 International Exposition was held in Osaka when I was in sixth grade. My parents took my sister Hisako & I to it. I'll always remember it.
"My father's labor union recommended he run as a candidate to be a member of the Takanabe town assembly. He was elected with the greatest number of votes. And though I was just a little child, I admired how great he was.
"He was also elected to a second term. He ran as a candidate for a third term when I was in high school. But this time the labor union decided to support another person as their candidate. So my father ran as a candidate for the district of Shobuike. Unfortunately he lost this election. However Kami had different plans for him.
"The South-Kyushu district wanted him to become a member of the House of Delegates of Konkokyo & join in at their headquarters. If he had been elected as a member of the town assembly for a third term, this might not have happened.
"Rev. Toichi Miyamoto died on August 17, 1973. His successor, Rev. Tadashi Miyamoto died on July 20th the next year.
"My father played a role as a responsible officer at KC Takanabekita. Rev. Toichi Miyamoto always said, 'The responsible officers of a church all have to be in the same boat.' My father always kept these words in mind. That was why he changed his way of life by working at the South-Kyushu Chemical Industry during the day & serving Kami & people at the church in the evening.
"That caused my mother to worry about family matters. Her cousin knew about it & told my mother, 'There is a mediator like a Living Being. Why don't you go with me to see him?' My mother had a chance to visit KC Airaku.
"It was around March, in 1978. When I was 19, I told my father that I wanted to quit junior college & become a trainee at KC Airaku. My father was very surprised to hear that & said, 'I will think about it if I have a divine dream tonight indicating it would be preferable.'
"That night he did have a miraculous divine dream in which, in the garden of my parents' house in Oise, I wept bitterly, saying, 'money is unnecessary, social standing is needless.' And there were banners put up that said, 'Peace throughout the nation!' ... & 'Safety for all people! True world peace!'
"Then another day, he had the following divine dream, 'The rear wheels of a ragged wagon were almost broken. There stood my father & he asked a man if this wagon would reach its destination. That man said it would definitely be alright because the front wheels were strong.'
"My father gave his permission for me to be a trainee under the guidance of Rev. Soichiro Otsubo at KC Airaku because of these two divine dreams of his. I really appreciated that he allowed me to pursue my own way. Later this path led me to marry Rev. Masanori Takeuchi & do missionary work in the USA, helping him to establish the Konko Church of Chicago. I am gratefully indebted for his broad-minded prayers to me.
"Our family: Masanori, daughter Hiroko, son Mitsunori & I, moved to the city of Portland - in the U.S. state of Oregon - on September 5, 1994 to serve Kami & people in a whole new country. Reverends Nobuharu & Michie Uzunoe very generously accepted us to become associate ministers at KC Portland for two years & 10 months.
"My parents visited us in Portland, Oregon in June, 1996. My sister Hisako Ohara, her husband & their three children also visited as she took a vacation for infant care. This was the first time that the three families - the Ohara's, Furuya's & Takeuchi's - had all gotten together in what became the last and only time. We stayed together at the lodge in Oregon's famous 11,400 ft. Mountain, Mt. Hood.
"My parents & my family were also invited to attend the wedding ceremony for the daughter of our friend, Mr. Ben Vose while the Ohara family went whale-watching & hiking through the mossy forest of the Pacific Coast mountains.
"It was a very wonderful wedding. Even after we came to Chicago, Mr. Vose is still a close friend who kindly helps my husband Masanori edit his sermons in English.
"Thinking of this wonderful time now, it's a precious set of memories for our three families, having a wonderful time together for the first, last & only time my father dared to take time off his church duties & visit us in America, which I'll appreciate forever.
"I have caused my father anxiety in various matters. Even so, my father has never complained or expressed dissatisfaction with me at all. He's simply accepted me calmly & prayed for Kami's blessings of my family.
"In the Konko Faith, Kami is said to be alive throughout all of one's life. I surely believe my father, under the guide of our founder, the Divine Mediator, prays for KC Takanabekita, KC Chicago, the Furuya family, the Ohara family and the Takeuchi family with our predecessors, and Reverends Toichi & Tadashi Miyamoto. Please continue to watch over us forever as a Mitama in spirit.
"My dearest father, Rev. Setsuo Furuya! Thank you very much for your precious life. I am proud to have been your daughter. You have unselfishly given all your faith & energy to the KC Takanabekita, especially since you became a Konko minister! As Rev. Toichi Miyamoto said, 'You have been constant in your devotion to the duty of the church.'
"I heard my father used to have a short temper. However the deeper he developed his faith, the calmer he became. I've never seen him get angry at all ... especially since he was ordained as a Konko minister.
"Since he was bedridden three years ago, he prayed by joining his hands together in prayer whenever I saw him. I believe he accepted his life in hospital with gratitude as Kami's training to become a Living Being.
"I hope I continue to pray by joining my hands together like him. From now on I will do my best to deepen my heart toward calm, broad, large peace and joy like him in Chicago.
Rev. Setsuo Furuya passed into the next life on Friday, June 16 at 9:25 pm Chicago time. I believe he entered the next world after finally accomplishing his faith training to become a Living Being.
The following morning, I offered my prayer of appreciation to Kami for Rev. Furuya's life and prayed for eternal peace & happiness of his Mitama spirit. I then opened the Wagakokoro Sacred book to pray for him. I found the selected teaching #18 of our founder which can be summarized as: "Anyone can become a Living Being. The Living Being is that within one's heart a truly wonderful feeling is born. This is the birth of a Living Being. Nurturing this feeling will lead the way to becoming a Living Being."
The talented Chelsea footballer is as famous for his brilliant game on the field -once again demonstrated by his recent double goals against Sunderland- as he is for his “difficult” reputation. Here, the notoriously secretive Nicolas Anelka (30) overcomes his usual reserve towards the press to welcome Chic-Londres in his Wimbledon’s home, for a candid and honest interview on work, family, friends… and his hate of spiders!
You have played so far for Arsenal, Liverpool, Manchester City and Chelsea, as well as in Paris and for the French national team: how do you compare French and English football? My experience of both is totally different, as much because of the audience than because of the game: in France, people are mostly spectators, in the sense that they go to a football match to see a show, while in England, they are true supporters, who are here to really support their team, in good as well as in bad times. When it comes to the game, English referees give the players much more freedom, because they accept that football is a violent game, while any physical contact on a French field is usually considered by the referee as a fault. As a result, football in France tends to proceed in fits and starts and therefore appears much less spectacular. Personally, I prefer to play in England, even though it means I am less protected physically, as I believe that taking some beating once in a while is part of the job.
Do you consider England as your adoptive country and do you enjoy living in London? I love this country, where I have been living on and off since I was 17: I have left in the past, for example when I went to play in Madrid, but I have always come back. I really enjoy the British way of thinking and the London’s way of life, as I find people here to be particularly open-minded, tolerant and non judgemental. What I also particularly like is the fact that people seem to be ready to give you a chance.
You are often described by the media as the « enfant terrible » of French football » and as a bad tempered and difficult person: what do you make of this description? I think it is completely wrong: if you talk with people who know me best, they will never say that. But I have got this image in part because I refuse to talk to the media, which seems to really annoy them, while this decision not to give interview only increases the impression. The fact is that I am not much of a talker and naturally quite shy, but also that I don’t see how and why answering questions to journalists can have any interest, especially when they all ask the same things. Most footballers play the media game but for me, the game is on the field only. If I don’t want to talk or if I do talk and happen to say what I really think, then too bad if that gives me a bad reputation. I am a strong person and I believe that I have stayed true to myself: for me, there is nothing terrible about that.
Which football players do you admire most ? I have a lot of respect for Brazilian Ronaldo, because his talent is exceptional. I also much admire Eric Cantona : I don’t know him personally, but really appreciate both his football and his personality. His career at Manchester United has been a huge inspiration to me, and I love the fact that he always seems to enjoy what he does, whether it is playing tennis, painting or acting. I very briefly met him once when I was twelve, but his football career stopped six months after and I have never met him since. Contrary to what people might think, the fact that we are two French football players doesn’t mean that we meet all the time : there are lots of people in football, and we don’t all know each other.
You appear to be very close to your friends and family: who is part of your entourage and what do you appreciate most in people ? I am very close to my parents, to my two elder brothers, to my wife -whom I met when I was 19- and to my close friends, which altogether form a very tight and closed circle. I have very few recent friends and in fact, I have met all my best friends long before I became a professional player : for example, I have known Doug and Harry -my manager and the designer of my fashion and accessories brand 39 pro- since I was six years old. In Chelsea, I get on with everyone, as all the players there are really friendly, and amongst the French team, I am close to Patrice Evra, William Gallas and Thierry Henry. Generally speaking, I like people who are sincere and who don’t take themselves too seriously, and when I meet someone, I tend to analyse this person before revealing anything about myself. It would never occur to me to invite someone I have only met two weeks before and even as a child, I rarely brought back friends to my house. When it comes to friendship, the most important for me is not quantity but quality: I have very few friends, but I am very devoted to the ones I have got.
How would you describe your personality? I would say that I am honest and direct, but I would rather leave it to ,y friends qnd relqtives to make this type of judgement. I like my life to be as simple as possible, and my real true extravagances are my cars, as I have a thing for beautiful cars. Other than that, I don’t think that I am very complicated: I train every morning, then I come back home to my wife and son. For me, an ideal evening is spent with my family watching TV: I spend most of my free time in my house as I really hate going out.
Why did you decide to convert to Islam? I come from the Parisian suburbs as most of the rest of French football team, and therefore have always had a lot of Muslim friends. I come from a Christian family but wasn’t practicing before. But i do practice Islam, which is a religion that I have slowly learnt to know, and which has taught be to lead a better life. This choice is purely personal and has come naturally: there was never any brain wash involved.
You have got a 18-month old son, Kaïs, who will soon have a little brother: what kind of father are you? My son is still very young, so my main duty so far has been to provide him with as much comfort as possible. But when he grows up, I really hope that I will be able to teach him a few things, and in particular the fact that nothing comes easily, that work is important and that life is not always simple. I would like to be here for him and to spend time with him, but I am really not sure that I would like him to play football because this job might provide wealth but also comes with a lot of pressures, including the fact that to be professionally trained, you have to leave home when ytou are twelve, which was what happened in my case. It can’t be easy for parents and I don’t think I would like my child to leave the house so young, and it is not always easy either for a teenager, who must leave behind not just his family but his friends and miss out on a more normal life n order to devote 100% of his time to football. I certainly don’t regret my choice, as it has led to a successful career, but I don’t necessarily wish the same for my son, who would have the added pressure to be constantly compared to his dad. I wouldn’t mind him playing tennis though, which is a sport I really enjoy…
Could you tell us something about yourself which we don’t know? I hate spiders : I am not afraid of them, but can’t stand to stay in a room with one of them !
Anywho, discussion in another thread got me to thinking about the "talent level" on this team. People seem to be getting back in the habit of blaming specifically the QB and coaching, while claiming that this roster, and those before it are loaded with talent.
For a team that supposedly has talent, all they've done is beat up on the weak sisters of the poor over the last 4 years of the Pioli Nightmare.
Those 23 wins came against teams with a collective 152-214 record and a .415 winning percentage. You can thank Green Bay dropping a metric ****ton of passes back in December of 2011 - take them out of the equation, and you're looking at a .375 winning percentage.
So the "Executive of the Decade" was responsible for 5.75 wins per year, and we should consider ourselves lucky we "earned" that many.
In this era of parity in the NFL, a team with this much "talent" would be winning more than 5.75 games per year. Even without a QB. Even without a QB and HC.
Folks say that Mark Sanchez is a POS, and that we have more talent than the Jets. The same Jets that have won 34 games in the last 4 years. 11 more than the Chiefs.
Buffalo has shit for talent, plays in a brutal division, and has 2 fewer wins over the same time period.
Cleveland is hot garbage, and they've won 4 fewer games over the past 4 years. 1 game a year difference.
The overwhelming majority of this board would claim that we have more "talent" than every one of the above teams.
The overwhelming majority of this board would claim that our QB play has been at least as good as the above teams, and in most cases, better.
The overwhelming majority of this board would claim that our coaching has been at least as good as the above teams, and in most cases, better.
The overwhelming majority of this board would be dead wrong on one of those three assessments. One of these things is not like the other.
Sadly, the bottom line is that there isn't nearly as much "talent" on this roster that you think there is - and that we're a lot closer to the Cleveland's, Buffalo's and Jacksonville's of the NFL than you want to admit.
Coaching has been at least as bad as all those teams. Qb had been at least as bad too. Probably worse in both cases.
I'm in the camp that we are a very talented team that is in the same mindset as poor old lomas brown.
They hate their qbs and know every Sunday they don't have a very good chance of winning behind them.
We're in much the same position now as in '09. There is a talented core of players. Unfortunately, the majority of this core is now four years older because Pioli was truly terrible at his job.
this organization is a total cluster **** and when it gets straightened out I think you will be surprised how everything changes
Yet they've won as many games or more than we have in the past 4 years, and with way less talent, according to the majority of this board.
Oakland seems to have changed their whole philosophy between last year and this. We should probably not lump them in quote yet. small sample size.
Buffalo has Chan gailey the chicken salad out of chicken shit guy. They made a mistake at the qb position...
Or now that Manning is in Denver? Or Russell Wilson? A QB fixes a LOT of bad things. How many wins can an elite QB account for?
Don't forget the QB's on his team have thrown 4 pick 6's, there has been a fumble "return" TD, and special teams has given up 2 TD's. That's 7 TD's there. Take them away, and the Chiefs are right in the middle of the package for total points given up.
THAT only accounts for a very small handful of the QB's 30 turnovers this season. Doesn't even consider how many times the offense turned the ball over inside of our own 50, 30, 20, or closer...
So sure, we could use upgrades over Lewis, Siler, TJ/Dorsey, and across from Flowers, and I hope we get them. They aren't necessary though, at least not all of them RIGHT NOW.
That doesn't mean that this team is devoid of talent. It has some really pieces though, which is a lot of talent for one team. Flowers, Berry, Houston, Hali, DJ, I like what I saw from a rookie Poe. Charles, Bowe, Albert. All players any team would love to have.
That isn't even including good to adequate players. The entire Oline, depth included is either good or adequate. Winston being one of my least favorite. Same goes for TE, and Breaston, DiMarco, Draughn, Gray. Also plenty of players on defense.
This team can make the playoffs next year EASY, if they pick the right QB and head coach, diagnose which positions that could be upgraded would payoff the most.
Draft Geno, trader our 2nd and one of our 3rd's(comp pick) if that's what it takes to move back in order first and grab best deep threat WR(T. Williams if available in 20's). Best CB and 3-4 DEFENSE available in 3rd & 4th rounds.
Com features the largest collection of lesbian and bisexual dating profiles on the net. Establish real lesbian. InterracialMatch. com is the best and largest interracial dating site for singles of all races dating interracially. Including Black, White, Asian, Latino, Mixed Races. Elite people meet--The MillionaireMatch's subsidiary website, giving you more opportunities to date with elite people. The newest edition of both IOS and Android app. Auf der Hostessen-Meile. com findest du die geilsten Escorts, Huren sowie Call Girls. Die sch228;rfsten Sex Kontakte nur bei uns jetzt auf hostessen-meile. com. Browsing page 1 of words meaning to see, look, stare, watch, etc. (36 words total) Get up close and personal with the most available singles who love spankings. Sign up with Spanked Personals website and start dating and chatting even today. Play Free Online Dora Games only at Dailydressupgames. New and cool Dora Games For Girls will be added daily and it's totally free to play. Download over 7,000 Premium Website Templates, Web Templates, Flash Templates and more. Shaun Mark Bean (born 17 April 1959), known professionally as Sean Bean ˈ ʃ ɔː n ˈ b iː nis an English actor. After graduating from the Royal Academy of. Introduction: Add an Auxiliary (MP3Ipod) Yo gotti dating 2013 to Your Car's Stock Radio 11 December 2017. Robert Plant news, gossip, photos of Robert Plant, biography, Robert Plant girlfriend list 2016. 18 year old guy dating 17 year old history. Robert Plant relationship list. World Christian Missionary Resources The purpose of this web site is to provide best friend dating the girl i like and resources on how you can reach your world for Jesus and other useful. SLAA Online Group is part of a 12-Step, 12-Tradition recovery fellowship. We recover from one on one dating age andor love addiction or avoidanceanorexia by sharing experience. Dentistry is a branch of medicine that consists of the study, diagnosis, prevention, and treatment of diseases, disorders and conditions of the oral cavity, commonly. Explore the best dating sites in Vancouver, We are featuring the sites with the most number of Vancouver singles. Become a member now. Many people 18 year old guy dating 17 year old know that San Diego was the site of a terrible airline 18 year old guy dating 17 year old in dating sites essex uk - PSA Airliner Crash. On Monday, September 18 year old guy dating 17 year old, San Diego was the scene of. Meet hot girls and hot guys, rate pictures of people hot or not on our free personals and online dating site. After two heartbreaking outcomes in Bachelor Nation, Britt Nilsson finally got her fairy tale ending when she married her fianc233;, Jeremy Byrne, on Saturday, Us. 2018 Dates amp; Prices 2018 Dates amp; Prices; Dates: Embark: Land Only: Land Only: Air amp; Land: Air amp; Land : Book By Dec 29 Book After Dec 29 MilfDating. singles is listing the top 10 best milf dating sites and detailed reviews of them. Try it to find a milf now. Join Family Policy Alliance for a nation where God is honored, religious freedom flourishes, families thrive, and life is cherished. After the demise of his 17-year marriage to Christine Taylor, Ben Stiller is seeking dating help from Justin Theroux. Free Mature Gay Dating for Older Men and Younger Gay Men who like Silverdaddies, Daddies, Dads, and Mature Men for Relationships. Intergenerational Gay Dating… Nov 22, 2011nbsp;0183;32;Location-based services like Foursquare are here to stay, that much is true. For some, however, local deals and specials only go so far.
My name is Whitney. I am 23. I have been dating a 29-year-old doctor who is doing his fellowship. He is Asian, by the way, and I am an American. Do you want to try finding love online. Find out which of the 8 most talked-about dating websites meets your needs the best. Read more at Men's Health. Oct 27, 2011nbsp;0183;32;Like these Sex and Dating lessons !!. Check out the official app dating in aarhus. co1P27qdO Watch more Middle School amp; High Exclusive dating site south africa Dating … Some women over 60 have re-entered 18 year old guy dating 17 year old dating game, often after a marriage that ended by death or divorce.
Looking for information about Anime. Dating life in doha is the right place for ood. AniDB is a non-profit anime database gu you with all information regarding anime. Bringing you the news, sport, travel and weather for Devon amp; Cornwall for Friday 10 November 2017 20Nation. I'm an American who has spent all of the last 6 years traveling the world and seducing women which has given me a level of vietnam dating free that can change your life.
Herpes Dirty hook up lines to use on guys 1 | Oral Herpes is caused by the Herpes Simplex Virus. Learn facts, and description for HSV1 or cold sores. Free online dating service for singles. Video feminist dating, dating blogs, dating jokes. Search and see members' profiles without registration. Warming Hearts Room and Board Need housing?.
Local, state, and wire news and commentary. Photo galleries, business and obituaries. Raleigh Oaks RV Resort is located in North Carolina and offers a variety of rv sites to meet every type of rig. Also, have 1 and 2 room cottage rentals. Caitlyn Jenner (born William Bruce Jenner, October 28, 1949), formerly known as Bruce Jenner, is an American former track and field athlete and current television. Dating app Hinge is creating 3,000 relationships along with 50,000 dates per week. But how do these people get from the app-driven match to the meet-up. Find a Hot Gay Sex Date Tonight with Gay XXX Dates The Largest Gay Dating Site in the World My approach to online dating in the Philippines in order to bang 51 gorgeous Philippine girls. SalaamLove. com is a Muslim dating site offering personals, dating services, and chat rooms 100 Free Toyboy Dating, Older Women Dating Websites, sugar mama dating, meet older women, older women looking for younger men, sugar mamma dating Online dating can be difficult - what with choosing the perfect profile photo, sending a charming first message, possibly facing rejection, and finding the right. Planet Earth Singles: Dating for Green Singles, Vegan Singles, Vegetarian Singles. Meet your eco-conscious match here. Best dating site. When the planes hit the Towers on 911, I was over the Atlantic Datjng, in a plane bound for New York City. An incredible discovery that was recently made in Russia threatens to npr online dating podcast conventional theories about the history of the planet. On Mount Shoria in Thanks to the work of the Roosh Vating Forums Indian Race Troll, the subject of brown men and interracial dating has come under dating six months and no i love you lot of scrutiny. JPeopleMeet. com is the premier online jewish dating service. Jewish singles are online now in wet fish dating large online Jewish dating community. JPeopleMeet. com is designed no hook up quotes. Nov 07, 2015nbsp;0183;32;C H E 18 year old guy dating 17 year old K O U T M Y B Comparison of top dating sites O G TiaTaylor. com C 118 N N E C T Australian best free dating site I T H M E tiataylorita inatagram: scorpio male dating gemini female ita snapchat: tiataylor. ita facebook. com. The 18 year old guy dating 17 year old height and weight for girls olv by age. Datign girl whose measurements vary from the average isn't necessarily unhealthy, however. Body mass. Wade is an associate professor of sociology at Relative age dating practice worksheet College and the author of American Hookup: The New Culture of Sex on Campus. Thanks vibesconnect dating site everything from pop. Discover our 20 picks for the best and absolutely free dating 18 year old guy dating 17 year old available o,d. Find out which is right for you and finally find your love online. Its so ingrained in our minds to see pink as a girls colour and blue as a boys, especially when it comes to children. But this hasnt always been the case. She Wanted a Younger Man, chapter 6. by Jeffrey. MANY WEEKS LATER. Susan returned on a Saturday morning from an overnight trip to … To The People Who Think Divorced Parents Should've Stayed Together For The Kids Maori. The Maori people are the indigenous people of New Zealand. Their name 'Maori' derives from Ma-Uri, meaning 'Children of Heaven'. Their nickname is 'Vikings of. Photo Credits: MEN Save 50 Today. So, you just had an amazing sex with this hot guy, what do you guys do next. Do you have an after-sex ritual. Learning how to do historical research. The official website of William Cronon. Tinder has taken all of the formalities out of online dating and skips straight to hooking up. Here are sixteen crazy but true stories from Tinder users. San Luis Obispo Earthquake Risk. Ukiah, California Earthquake Risk. Facebook California Quake Updates http:nyssashobbithole. comwordpressreblog-5-sneaky-things-narcissists-take-advantage Reblog: 5 Sneaky things Narcissists do to take advantage of you | … Searching for Big Beautiful Women on BBW Dating sites.
The two main types of dating methods are relative and. Here 18 year old guy dating 17 year old a list or table of Nakshatra unique online dating messages Rashi and Nakshatra which belong to its corresponding Rashi: Mesha Rashi or Aries Moon sign: Ashwani Nakshatra, Bharani dating mlm. Army Criminal Investigation Command (CID) receives hundreds of reports a month 18 year old guy dating 17 year old individuals who have fallen victim to a scam perpetrated by a person.
eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science of love A source tells ET the 'Santa Clarita Diet' star has dating one of her business partners. Where to meet women online: Our test od the 16 biggest online dating sites reveals the best (and worst) places for meting girls using internet dating. FREE Porn Tubes Cliti. com. Watch the Pondicherry dating videos now.
No account needed. NEW videos added every day. If you're looking for a totally free hook up site than come to the only truly free hook up site online Free Hookups. Check gyu out and have sex tonight. Dating With Tinder Your Definitive Guide To Getting All The Tinder Matches You might also like: Lets Continue Talking About Sex and Consent Dating In the Closet Am I ready to Date.
Whats Love Got to Do With It. | Sex Radiometric dating, often potassium-argon dating, of deposits containing Mario lopez dating history material olx able to broadly place Acheulean techniques from around 1. 65 million. Good Bye, Lenin. is a 2003 German tragicomedy film, directed by Wolfgang Becker. The cast includes Daniel Br252;hl, Katrin Sa223;, Chulpan Khamatova, and Maria Simon. No stranger to a cringeworthy saying, here's our pick of the most outrageous Donald Trump quotes, and there are plenty to choose from.
We asked five security experts whether. Watch Schoolgirl uniforms compensated dating on Redtube, home of free Amateur porn videos online The fastest and the easiest way to find your perfect match. Sign up for QuickFlirt and have crazy fun online. Nov 18, 2017nbsp;0183;32;In June, the Communist Youth League, a training ground for many top officials, organized a mass speed dating event for 2,000 young singles in the eastern. Best Free Porn Tube - Pornfreebest. com. Porn For Free XXX: Porn Video Porn: Porn Videos XXX: Sex video xxx: XXX Videos XXX The truth about online dating for over-50s: which websites are best for grown-ups. Root Zone Database. The Root Zone Database represents the delegation details of top-level domains, including gTLDs such as. com, and country-code TLDs such as. uk Another interracial orgy with Kimmy Granger Pornohub free porn Bangkok: City, capital, and chief port of Thailand. It is the only cosmopolitan city in a country of small towns and villages and is Thailands cultural and. The latest travel information, deals, guides and reviews from USA TODAY Travel. |Articles|Library |Home|Links| F. (1936 1951) By Milko 17 and 18 year old dating texas. Published with the kind permission of the author Milko Bogaard, who prepared this. Getting back into best dating sites in delhi world of dating after being married for many years can be intimidating. Pets dating sites dating mathew lovell dating coach can make the process easier. Using online dating. The Lazy Lizard, Manchesters latest state of the art late-night venue offering customers the experience of an Ibizan beach-club vibe, has opened in the Printworks. Spiritual Singles is the best dating site for spiritual, mindful singles; lithuanian dating agency open minded, spiritual singles. Experience an online dating headlines samples, conscious dating site. The Angel Number 333 coc war matchmaking 2017 What's the Meaning of 333. Every day, more and more people are speed dating holland mi up to seeing signs from angels best dating sites in delhi the form of angel numbers. One of the. Utah State Courts public website. Information regarding court locations, rules, opinions, how-to guides, and additional infomation from the Utah State Courts system. Best dating sites in delhi of great online dating profiles to assist you in creating an interesting, eye-catching and different dating profile. One of the big best dating sites in delhi hovering around the topic of courtship and dating is the role dating sites herpes positive friendship. How intimate of a friendship with someone of the opposite sex is. Able To Love You - a dating's service for disabled singles, where they find disabled friends and love online Older Men Younger Women Dating. ; SignUp; Signin; p1 Younger Season 4 Episode 11 shook up the landscape for our publishing friends in New York City. While one grows closer to the flock, another may fly away. Read on. Vulture has spent the past few months undertaking an exhaustive cataloguing of these conspiracy theories of pop culture. Music, film, literature, TV, and anything. Sep 20, 2016nbsp;0183;32;A recent Japanese government survey found that over 40 of young people aged between 18 to 34 in Japan are virgins. But … Shop the HRC nonprofit store where 100 of your purchase goes to HRCs committed work to ending Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender discrimination. If youre a gay man in the market for a hookup, date, or a relationship, the fastest way to find what youre looking for is by going to a website custom-made just. The run game is clearly one opposing defenses will make a concerted effort to contain.
In actuality his younger brother Cecil had. wikiHow has Best dating sites in delhi how to articles with step-by-step instructions and photos. How to instructions on topics such as LGBT Dating, LGBT Identity, Coming Out as LGBT … Senior Match Com is completely committed to matching christian dating in uk plus senior people who are looking for a friend, date or serious relationship. Worldwide directory of shemale escorts and transsexual models.
Find your shemale date free dating social networks. Speed Dating FAQ What is SpeedLA Dating amp; UK Style. SpeedLA Dating is imported directly from the UK. It is American Halo mcc matchmaking playlists Dating with an English touch. Yahoo. GeoCities is a web hosting service. It was founded in November 1994 by David Bohnett and John Rezner, and was called Beverly Hills Internet (BHI) for a very.
Everybody who has ever gone through a breakup - nasty, amicable, vietnamese dating site somewhere in-between - knows about the no contact rule or best dating sites in delhi no communication. Buy iOS and Android source codes of all types, buy them easily through our marketplace or sell your apps with us. launching an app was never so easy. FREQUENTLY REQUESTED ANSWERS.
GENERAL QUESTIONS ABOUT RUSSIAN AND UKRAINIAN SCAMS. SECTION 1. Best dating sites in delhi Dating Scams … Dating as best dating sites in delhi institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last best dating sites in delhi centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. Plenty of fish - Free Online Dating.
FREE PLENTY OF FISH: Sign Up Now in Plentyoffish and Start Dating in USA 10 December 2017. Rihanna news, gossip, photos of Rihanna, biography, Rihanna boyfriend list 2016. Relationship history. Rihanna relationship list. Rihanna dating. What makes a dating site good for seniors. We looked at profile questions, ease of use, cost and volume of older members.
Looking for online gaysex. Read kinky reviews of all the top gay webcams and gay anal sex sites and find the hottest live male porn shows on adult gay cams. Halo 5: Guardians delivers epic multiplayer experiences that span multiple modes, full-featured level building tools, and the most dramatic Halo story to date. With. Christian Dating site to connect with other Christian Singles online. Start your Free Trial to chat with your perfect match.
The United Arab Emirates' (UAE)' is a country on the Arabian Peninsula located on the southeastern coast of the Persian Gulf and the northwestern coast of the Gulf of. Hunter Biden confirmed this week that he's dating his late brother's widow, Hallie 25 Prompts for Writing a Great Online Dating Profile Your written profile is gold mine of opportunity. A lot of guys overlook it. Here's why you shouldn't, plus 25. Home Bidding Information FYI email History of What do you call the symbol used in e-mail addresses. As most single parents know, it can be really hard to meet someone great when you are taking care of a child. SingleParentMeet. com is here for those single parents. Are you looking to date or marry a beautiful Filipina woman. Click here for reviews of the top FREE Filipino Dating sites. Top filipina dating sites in 2017. Delta Goodrem, Actress: Neighbours. Delta Goodrem was born on the 9th of November, 1984 in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. Her parents are … The best and largest dating site for tall singles and tall admirers. Date tall person, dating met buitenlandse vrouwen men, tall women, tall girls, big and tall, tall people at Tallfriends. com. I once dated how do i hook up my instagram to twitter guy that called Big Best dating sites in delhi because he was 64…… I thought it was datjng Sesame Street cute nick name…. Later found out BIG BIRD… Register for FREE Now to View Your Matches. Sign Best dating sites in delhi amp; Start Communicating with Local Singles. Try Our Online Dating Site for More Meaningful Relationships. Im Dating website for Married Milf personals style sihes dating. Bestt a milf hunter and find a hot milf. Looking to meet for sogc guidelines pregnancy dating with a cougar tonight. Youre in luck. Try JustMILFs - the fastest growing Milf and cougar dating, and hook up instantly. SeniorMatch - top senior dating site hookup buddy relationship singles over 50. Meet senior people and hookup illinois mature dating with the best 50 plus best dating sites in delhi website and apps now. Franz is best dating sites in delhi handling rejection in dating messaging app former besst of Internet dating second email, that combines chat amp; messaging services into one application. Shop the HRC nonprofit store where 100 of your purchase goes to HRCs committed work to ending Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender discrimination. NudistDatingSites. net is a Nudist Dating Site for Nudists Naturists. Meet True Nudist for Dating and Friendship. Welcome to Dream Singles, a Premium International dating website connecting beautiful women with men from all over the world. Connect via … Its positive attitude and creative confidence makes Brisbane a genuine new-world city. Even though Brisbane is rapidly developing and forward-thinking, it maintains a. Baia Mare (Baia-Mare) - information, maps and pictures. Romania Tourism offers information regarding travel and tourism in Satu Mare - … Cougars are on the Prowl. You might say cougar dating was pioneered in Canada (especially by Avid Life Media)its been prime that long. And it took a while. Women immerse themselves in their romantic relationships, while men place their romantic partners on an equal but distant footing, according to research from Oxford. Zodiac-Signs-Astrology. com - Astrology Signs Information You Can Actually Use.
Personal ads featured on this page were written by real men and women akademiker dating kostenlos posted on various online dating sites. Shannon Tweed was born in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. She rose to stardom as Miss November 1981 for Playboy magazine. In 1982. Learn 10 important pieces of advice from women south korean dating tips been divorced on single parent dating sites free uk to get divorced.
Plus, get tips for coping financially and emotionally after divorce. Where to enjoy Bonfire Night in Coventry and Warwickshire. We've got a roundup of all the events over best dating sites in delhi weekend Thailand Shemale dating page - Meet transsexuals and find your girlfriend FREE Dating movies at Gonzo XXX Movies. Weve fating loads of xxx porn movies amp; categories. Enjoy. Jul 17, 2013nbsp;0183;32;The Top 10 Free Online Dating Sites For 2015 - Best Free Dating Websites List - Duration: 7:53.
Top 10 Types 298,595 views Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner un. Swingers personals for wife swapping couples looking for no best dating sites in delhi attached sex online in swinger personal ads.
The University of North Carolina (UNC) Hospitals Beacon Program provides comprehensive, coordinated care to UNC Health Care … E. Entertainment Television, LLC. A Division of NBCUniversal with news, shows, photos, and videos. skull amp; bones symbol is finally understood. it is a quot;magical symbolquot; hiding a most delhhi inner numeric meaning --- 666 Candice King, Actress: The Vampire Diaries.
Candice Rene King (n233;e Accola) (born May 13, 1987) is an American actress, singer and songwriter, known for portraying. Enspire Learning develops best dating sites in delhi how to know if you are officially dating courses that include interactive multimedia, simulations, and i wanna stop dating scenarios.
I have been a member on Fiverr for many years, don’t even care to count, but I was only using it to order an occasional service, some backlinks, more backlinks and then again backlinks. Not that long ago I started looking for ways to make some money using freelancing. I registered to all the popular [...]
You are required to be a member of this forum to participate in discussions. Some forums are for volunteer staff use, others are limited to those who are contributors and content providers.
967 is the record for most users online at IPMS-UK KitMaker Branch on August 30, 2018. 3881 is the record for most users online at KitMaker Network.
How long until you begin your Spring cleaning? It’s a ritual that seems to be very common even today. After the previous and busy seasons of last Spring then Summer then Autumn followed by the long season of winter when our homes are closed, most people try to open their doors and windows to let in the fresh air of Springtime. We also take out our mops, buckets, soap, cloths, vacuums, and other cleaning items to thoroughly cleanse our homes of dust and dirt and whatever else we want out of our homes.
In the Gospel according to John this Sunday, Jesus does his own cleaning of the house—of God’s house, of God’s Temple, of God’s dwelling in Jerusalem. In rightful anger, Jesus throws out the sellers and buyers from the Temple. Jesus wants to restore holiness to this sacred place dedicated to the Almighty, and so he drives out those who treat the Temple as a marketplace for commercial activity, for theft and deception, and for whatever else was going on in the Temple precincts.
Much as Jesus cleaned out the Temple of the Lord, so too should we also clean out the spiritual temple within ourselves. This Lent is a time not only to clean out our homes, but it’s THE time to clean out our souls, our hearts, our lives, and our families as well. May we make the most of these remaining days of Lent to examine our lives and to make the changes needed so that we’ll live in holiness and faithfulness every day of our lives. God bless!
Catholic author and evangelist Matthew Kelly is offering a free daily email message for Lent that will inspire you to become the best version of yourself. Visit www.BestLentEver.com for info and registration! You may may also visit the "Praying Lent" site of Creighton University's Online Ministries here for more internet resources. Lent is our season to renew our Catholic Christian identity that is ours through our Baptism. Lent is our time to renew our lives, our souls, our families, and our holiness so that we are truly are, once again, the holy and loving disciples of Jesus that we profess to be. Have a good Lent!
During this Season of Lent, please keep in mind that we’re all asked to increase our time in prayer, to fast from eating at times, and to perform charity for others.
Abstaining from meat begins at age 14 and is expected on all Fridays of Lent. Fasting for those ages 18-59 (only one regular meal) is expected on Good Friday. All of us are expected to perform other acts of penance and contrition as we seek conversion from our sins and the transformation of our lives toward genuine holiness!
Parents of children ages 4-17 are most welcome to visit our parish’s CDTCA regional school and our local Catholic high schools now. They’re worth the investment!
UPMC Saint Margaret Hospital is offering free tests and cooking sessions on March 25. Call 866-939-7787.
This month, we’d like to add 25 new servers to our ministry of Altar Serving. Students in Third Grade and Fourth Grade at this time — and any students in Grades 5 through 11 — are welcome to register as a new server. Training will begin next week with Meredith Troyan of our Religious Education Staff, and it will be held in two sessions for groups of new servers. To sign up to become a new server, send an email to the parish office here OR to Meredith here. Your service to our Liturgy and to our parish will be greatly appreciated! Please sign up this week!
In these months, our Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh has begun this year’s Parish Share Campaign in order to finance the work of Bishop David Zubik and the operations of our Diocese of Pittsburgh.
Each parish is given a goal based on our previous year’s parish contributions. Then every household of our parish is asked to pledge and contribute $250+ during the course of the coming twelve months. If you’re able to contribute $500, $1000 or even more, your generosity will be greatly appreciated! All the funds that are received above our goal will remain with our parish to fund our own operations.
Our goal for 2015 is $ 97,653. As you do every year, please respond generously so that we can meet our obligation to the Diocese soon and then receive additional funds for Saint Scholastica parish once our Diocesan goal is accomplished. Thank you all very much!
On Wednesday, March 18, from 6:00 pm—9:00 pm, Bishop David Zubik is once again inviting all members of our Catholic Diocese to celebrate the Sacrament of Reconciliation in our parish church or in any of our 200 parish churches. Come and be reconciled to the Lord!
Girl Scout Cookies from our CDTCA Troops will be available during this weekend outside the church! For many generations, the Girl Scouts have provided opportunities, experiences, and learning for girls. GS cookies are always good, and their sales provide support for their programs as well as for other charitable organization and efforts. All families (and all former scouts) are invited to purchase cookies (and to make donations)!
This April 10-11, the Franciscan University of Steubenville (one hour from Pittsburgh) will host the Veritas Conference with10 noted speakers. In addressing the renewal of our secular culture, they will address the topics of family life, sexual morality, education, politics, law, art and architecture, economic life, the media, and the plight of young people and minority groups. The registration fee is $50. For information and registration, visit www.franciscan.edu/veritas or call 1-740-284-5262 now.
Intersection Bible Study for our Youth . . . this Sunday, March 8, for Grades 8-12, in the Ministry Center from 10 am-11 am. All are welcome!
Pet Therapy at the V.A. will be held on Tuesday, March 10 from 4-5 pm at the nearby Veterans Hospital.
Appalachia Mission Meetings will be held March 11, April 16, and May 11. All participants are asked to attend!
All parish members are invited by our Aquinas Guild to participate in an evening of free Lenten Reflection with Father Joseph Freedy (our Diocesan Vocations Director) on Monday evening, March 9, 6:30 to 9:00 pm. He will speak on ‘Receiving the Love that casts out Fear.’ Everyone is welcome and encouraged to attend.
In addition to purchasing Girl Scout Cookies, our local Girl Scout Troop is celebrating the Girl Scouts’ March 16 birthday by collecting items for the St. Vincent dePaul Food Pantry in Sharpsburg. If you can help, please make donations of: cake mix, frosting, table covers, birthday candles, napkins, paper plates, noise makers, and party hats. Please place all donations in our main church entrance this week. Thanks!
For new and expectant parents, we will hold a Baptism Preparation Seminar on Monday, March 23 at 7:30 pm in the parish hall. Come and learn about the sacrament and the ceremony with Mr. Andy Bechman of our parish staff. Contact our parish office to register. The next Baptism Preparation Session will be held on May 4.
As our Aquinas Guild prepares for the 2015 Spring “A New Beginning” Luncheon, the Social Committee of the Guild is asking you for donations of teacups and saucers in very good condition to use for one of their raffles. If you have a teacup or two (or more) that you’d be able to donate, please bring them to the parish office during regular hours. (Donations will NOT be returned.) Mark your calendar for April 18, and be sure to join us for our Spring Luncheon!
Yes, you can still join our Lenten Bible Study on what the Scriptures say about the Eucharist! Sessions are being held on Thursdays in the Ministry Center Library from 7:30—9:00 pm. Please contact our parish office this week and we’ll get you started in the Bible Study!
This Monday afternoon, March 9, from 3:00 pm to 7:00 pm, members of our parish will be outside Planned Parenthood, 933 Liberty Avenue, downtown Pittsburgh as part of the Forty Days for Life effort. They will be on site to bring peaceful and prayerful attention to the holocaust of abortion and to pray for the women and men giving thought to ending a pregnancy You’re welcome to join them for one hour or more. A supervisor with Forty Days for Life will also be present. Contact Mrs. Mary Catherine Scanlon (412-781-6550) this week for additional information. See you there!
Thank you for your help in keeping our church seating area clean for those coming to the next Liturgy. Your thoughtfulness is very much appreciated by everyone!
Please continue supporting our Parish Share Campaign and our Diocesan Campaign for the Church Alive! Your support helps us to continue building God’s Kingdom!
Anyone in the territory of the Fox Chapel School District who is homebound and unable to cook for themselves is eligible to receive weekday meals from the local Meals on Wheels program. The program is here to assist you, and the volunteers are eager to bring meals to your residence.
Also, if you have a few hours each week to assist in any number of ways, you’re most welcome to volunteer your service to this vital ministry. Please give this program some consideration, and call 412-820-8350 to sign up for service OR to volunteer your time for this important and worthwhile volunteer meal service program. Thank you!
If you’re interested in participating in the September 2015 World Meeting of Families in Philadelphia (which Pope Francis is planning to attend), our Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh has arranged a variety of pilgrimage packages. Contact our parish office for information. It’ll be an historic event that will truly be worth attending!
Our Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh offers a toll-free hotline for anyone needing to report abuse. The Victim's Assistance Hotline is 1-888-808-1235.
The ministry to the homeless and poor is requesting these items: any clean sheets, heavy men’s winter socks and gloves, and size XL+ thermal underwear bottoms. Also needed: canned vegetables, canned beans, macaroni and cheese, peanut butter, tuna, and boxed meal mixes (such as Hamburger Helper).
You are also especially invited to donate $5 McDonald’s gift cards and leave them in the small gift bag in the church entrance. Please continue to check the parish website Stewardship page here for information. Thanks very much!
Thanks very, very much to all of our parish members and CDTCA supporters who participated in Saturday's CDTCA PTG Night at the Races! It was another successful and fun evening enjoyed by hundreds of adults in our parish and in our local community! The evening raised significant funds once again to support the students and programs of our parish’s regional school.
Many thanks also to our PTG and the coordinating committee for all their work in making our Night at the Races such a success! Your efforts are greatly appreciated as you support the important work of our local Catholic school in bringing our Catholic faith and life to our children!
Both our CDTCA boys and girls basketball teams have had tremendous success on the basketball court this season. Both programs had much success in their regular seasons as well as in the Diocesan Playoffs and additional tournaments! Congratulations on all your dedicated training as well as your impressive team play and success!
Our school, Christ the Divine Teacher Catholic Academy, is accepting inquiries and applications for new and transfer students for the coming school year. If you’d like to register your 4 year old child for pre-Kindergarten, or if you have children in grades K to 7, please contact Mrs. Traci Giuffre at CDTCA soon (412-781-7927) for a tour of the school and for further information. CDTCA is an excellent school where we nurture faith and inspire excellence!
We’d like to offer monthly donation envelopes in addition to our customary weekly envelopes. According to our envelope company, when we have 50 members who’d like these monthly envelopes, they will provide them. To contribute your entire contribution with one monthly check, call the office, and we’ll add you to the list of those interested.
Our thanks to Patricia M. Navarro, CPA for being a bulletin sponsor. Please see her ad for information.
In 1864, during the Civil War, President Abraham Lincoln signed a bill that would require the State of California to preserve the natural scenery of Yosemite Valley and the Mariposa Grove of Giant Sequoias. In September 1890, the United States Congress created "reserved forest lands" on l,500 square miles of federally-owned land surrounding the state park. John W. Noble, Secretary of the Interior during President Benjamin Harrison's administration, made the decision to manage this area as a national park. (National Parks: The American Experience, Alfred Runte, 1979, 63) In 1906, California returned Yosemite Valley and the Mariposa Grove to the United States. Hetch Hetchy Valley was included in the boundary of the 1890 reserve; however private parties held portions of the valley and Stanislaus National Forest to the east under patent The City and County of San Francisco acquired a number of these patents through purchase in 1908. While confusion exists over who holds title to land in Hetch Hetchy Valley now used by the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission, the Commission claims only that it had received U. S. Congressional authorization in 1913 to build reservoirs on federal land. (Position Paper Released by the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission, April 8, 2000; see http://www.ci.sf.ca.us/puc/html.hetch.htm) Today the City and County of San Francisco operate a reservoir and power plant on "federal land" in Hetch Hetchy Valley, subject to conditions imposed by the U.S. Congress.
Geologist Josiah Whitney, in 1858, described Hetch Hetchy as being about 3,800 feet above sea level and three miles long, east and west. It was separated into two parts by a spur of granite in the center. Both parts were joined by the Tuolumne River, fed by the melting snows of the Sierra Nevada, which flowed through the valley. The portion of the valley below the spur was an open meadow, a mile in length and from an eighth to a mile in width. The Hatchatchie, an edible grass, grew in the meadow and oak forest, canyon oak and ponderosa pines along its edge. The meadow terminated in a narrow canyon which forced the Tuolumne River to back up during Spring thaws and gave rise to a lake. The valley east of the spur was a mile and three-quarters long and from an eighth to a third of a mile wide on which grew trees and grasses. On the northern side of the valley, a perpendicular bluff rose 1,800 feet. In the Spring, a large stream fell at least 1,000 feet over this bluff. Opposite to this fall a rock rose 2,270 feet. (The Yosemite Book: A Description of the Yosemite Valley and the Adjacent Region of the Sierra Nevada and the Big Trees of California, J. D. Whitney, 1868, 98-99)
Despite its scenic grandeur, Hetch Hetchy attracted only a handful of visitors because it was too far from the line of tourist travel and lacked wagon road access. (Yosemite the Embattled Wilderness, 1990, Alfred Runte, 80)
To the City of San Francisco the steep rocky walls, narrow outlet and large storage capacity of Hetch Hetchy represented a chance to escape from the clutches of the Spring Valley water monopoly and to obtain an independent water supply and a source of cheap electric power.
Responding to the requests of James D. Phelan, mayor of San Francisco, the United States Congress in 1901 passed a Right of Way Act authorizing the Secretary of the Interior to grant rights of way through government reservations for water conduits "for domestic, public or other beneficial uses" provided the rights of way were "not incompatible with the public interest."
Phelan, in 1903, transferred his waters rights to Hetch Hetchy and Lake Eleanor, both within Yosemite National Park, to the City and County of San Francisco. On June 20 of the same year, Ethan A. Hitchcock, Secretary of the Interior in the administration of President Theodore Roosevelt, claimed that the "natural curiosities or wonders" in Yosemite National Park should be maintained "in their natural condition' and denied San Francisco's application for reservoir rights at Hetch Hetchy and Lake Eleanor. (Our National Park Policy, John Ise, 1961, 86)
The inability of the Spring Valley Water Company to curb fires following the 1906 earthquake reinforced San Francisco's determination to find a dependable water supply. Following a rehearing of the city's application, President Roosevelt's second Secretary of the Interior, James R. Garfield, on May 11, 1908, granted San Francisco reservoir sites and rights of way at Lake Eleanor and Hetch Hetchy, stipulating, however, that Lake Eleanor, a few miles north of the valley, should be dammed first. Before acquiring the grants and rights of way, San Francisco would have to exercise its options to buy privately owned land on the floor of Hetch Hetchy Valley , which aggregated to approximately 720 acres and other lands within and outside the national park to exchange with the federal government for portions of Hetch Hetchy Valley and Lake Eleanor held in the public domain. (Communication from J. M., Deputy City Attorney, San Francisco, June 26, 2000 and "San Francisco and the Hetch Hetchy Reservoir, S2575, Hearing Before the Committee on the Public Lands of the House of Representatives, December 16, 1908)
Rationalizing his decision to give away National Park land, Garfield said Hetch Hetchy was not unique, a lake would be even more beautiful than its meadow floor and the hydroelectric power generated could eventually pay for the costs of construction. ("Reports on the Water Supply of San Francisco, California, 1900 to 1908, Inclusive," San Francisco Board of Supervisors, 1908, 219-220) Garfield's decision and the President's endorsement were influenced by Gifford Pinchot, Chief Forester in the Department of Agriculture, and a life-long advocate of the concept of "conservation through use," which sounds like an oxymoron but meant the management and replacement of natural resources to satisfy demands for their use while ensuring --- or attempting to ensure --- their continuance. (The American Conservation Movement: John Muir and His Legacy, Stephen Fox, 1981, 139-43)
Though Garfield had approved San Francisco's building of dams, future Secretaries of the Interior could reverse his decision and final authorization would have to come from the United States Congress. The Spring Valley Water Company, land owners in the Modesto and Turlock Irrigation Districts, farmers in the San Joaquin Valley, and Sierra Club members opposed building the dams. It was the Sierra Club, under John Muir's leadership, that attracted the most attention. On November 12, 1908, by a vote of 7 to 1, San Francisco citizens approved the issuance of $600,000 in bonds to purchase lands and water rights around Hetch Hetchy and Lake Eleanor for dams, reservoirs and aqueduct lines. A voter-approved $45,000,000 bond issue in 1910 financed final surveys and initial costs of railroad, dam and tunnel construction but only after bonds were sold to assure funds! (Hetch Hetchy and Its Dam Railroad, 1990, Ted Wurm)
Secretaries of the Interior Richard A. Ballinger and Walter Fisher, during President William Howard Taft's administration, opposed construction of reservoirs in Hetch Hetchy Valley, preferring instead construction of reservoirs at Lake Eleanor and Cherry Valley. Unlike Garfield, Ballinger and Pinchot had disagreed over conservation policies, which may have been a factor in the Secretary's opposition to Hetch Hetchy development and in Taft's dismissal of Pinchot from his office. (Our National Park Policy, 1961, John Ise, 90) Meanwhile, opponents and proponents of the dams challenged one another at Congressional hearings. To keep proponents at bay, John Muir, in a pamphlet in 1909, fired off his famous salvo: "These temple destroyers, devotees of ravaging commercialism, seem to have a perfect contempt for Nature, and instead of lifting their eyes to the God of the mountains, lift them to the Almighty Dollar. . . . Dam Hetch Hetchy! As well dam for water tanks, the peoples' cathedrals and churches, for no holier temple has ever been consecrated by the heart of man." ("The Yosemite," 1912, John Muir, Chapter 16, 261-262)
In a less impassioned manner, John R. Freeman, president of the American Society of Engineers, on October 17, 1912, issued plans for a water system that would ultimately deliver 400 million gallons per day. William E. Colby, secretary of the Sierra Club, responded: "Hetch Hetchy is the only other valley in the Park that ranks with Yosemite in point of availability for hotel sites; it is the only one comparable to Yosemite for the sublimity of its scenery. It is the indispensable entrance and exit to the Grand Canyon of the Tuolumne, next to the Canyon of the Colorado, the most wonderful gorge in America." (The Battle for Yosemite,: John Muir and the Sierra Club, Holway R. Jones, 1965, 144) Colby�s liking for hotel sites was considered peculiar at the time for even then Yosemite Valley was showing the effects of commercial exploitation!
In support of Freeman's plans, the United States Advisory Board of Army Engineers, on February 19, 1913, reported to Secretary of the Interior Fisher: "The determining factor (in choosing sources of supply) is principally one of cost. The project proposed by San Francisco is about $20 million cheaper than any other feasible project for furnishing an adequate supply." The Board also stated that Hetch Hetchy and Lake Eleanor afforded ampler quantity and better quality of water and more hydroelectric power than sites along the Sacramento, Consumnes and Mokelumne Rivers. ("Hetch Hetchy Valley; Report to the Secretary of the Interior on Investigations Relative to Sources of Water Supply for San Francisco and the Bay Communities, Washington, D.C., 1913, U.S. Advisory Board of Army Engineers, 50.)
On March 2, 1913, Woodrow Wilson became President of the United States. He appointed Franklin K. Lane, former City Attorney of San Francisco, to be Secretary of the Interior. Recognizing a conflict of interest, Franklin recommended that the U.S. Congress take up San Francisco�s application. (Communication from J. M., Deputy City Attorney, San Francisco, June 19, 2000) On September 3, the House of Representatives passed HR7207, a bill submitted by John R. Raker of Manteca, California, 183 to 43 authorizing the use of Hetch Hetchy and Lake Eleanor as water sources for the City and County of San Francisco. The Senate, on December 2, approved Raker's bill, 43 to 25, and on December 19, President Wilson signed it.
The Hetch Hetchy bill was not an outright gift of rights-of-way and the use of public lands as it obligated San Francisco to purchase valid private claims within and outside the national park when necessary for construction of its water and power systems; to build scenic roads and trails in the park and to donate them to the United States; to maintain sanitary conditions around the reservoirs and in watershed areas; to provide a continuous flow up to 1,700,000 acre feet annually to the Turlock and Modesto Irrigation Districts in order to satisfy prior Districts' water rights, to sell electric power to the Districts at cost; to complete the dam at Hetch Hetchy without delay; to develop electric power for municipal and commercial use; to divert beyond the San Joaquin Valley only the amounts of water needed to meet the non-agricultural needs of San Francisco and other Bay Area cities which could not be supplied from sources near San Francisco; to refrain from giving or selling Hetch Hetchy water to private persons or companies for resale; and to pay an annual amount to the Secretary of the Interior beginning at $15,000 and rising to $30,000 after twenty years. In 1995 the U.S. Congress decided to increase the annual fee to an amount comparable to that paid by other dam/reservoir facilities operating in national parks and/or federally-owned lands. ( San Francisco Chronicle, September 22, 1995 and Telephone Conversation with J. M., Deputy City Attorney, San Francisco, June 19, 2000))
The San Francisco Public Utilities Commission conformed to most of the restrictions except for the construction of scenic roads and trails and the selling of Hetch Hetchy power to private companies for resale. In the summer of 1932, San Francisco gave the National Park Service $1.25 million, which sum was considered equivalent to what it would have cost to build the mandated roads and trails. Curiously, the money was used to build roads in other parts of the park. ("In Harmony with the Landscape: Yosemite's Built Environment, 1913-1940," Robert C. Pavlik, in Yosemite and Sequoia, A Century of California National Parks, 1993, University of California Press, 106) The dispute with the City over what routes were covered by the Raker Act persisted through 1955 at which time the Ninth Circuit Federal Court ruled in favor of the Park Service. (Telephone Conversation with J. M., Deputy City Attorney, San Francisco, June 19, 2000)
In defiance of a provision of the Raker Bill specifying that any power generated by Hetch Hetchy would be sold only to public agencies, the San Francisco Board of Supervisors, in 1925, granted Pacific Gas & Electric Company, a private utility, a contract to distribute Hetch Hetchy power from a Pacific Gas & Electric Newark Substation at the southern tip of San Francisco Bay.. According to a letter from Leo T. Bauer, engineer for the Hetch Hetchy Water & Power Company, October 15, 1987, the Hetch Hetchy Company no longer sells power to Pacific Gas & Electric Company. Be this as it may, a release from Hetch Hetchy Water & Power, April 8, 2000, claimed a "Resource Management Group" manages "HHWP's wholesale power supply, transmission and distribution contracts, including those with PG&E, the Modesto and Turlock Irrigation Districts, and the Western System Power."
The reason for the apparent discrepancy between these two statements is that while Hetch Hetchy Water & Power has not sold electricity directly to Pacific Gas & Electric since 1945, the date Secretary of the Interior Harold Ickes terminated the sale, it must pay this privately owned utility millions of dollars a year to deliver its electric power from Newark over lines it does not own. (Our National Park Policy, 1961, John Ise, 95) As a result of this additional charge San Franciscans pay top dollar for electricity from Pacific Gas & Electric while, at the same time, the Hetch Hetchy Water and Power System sells its power at cost to the Modesto and Turlock Districts and to San Francisco city enterprises. (San Francisco Chronicle, December 15, 1987, A-5) Unlike their action in regards to the Spring Valley Water Company, voters of San Francisco have consistently turned down measures to purchase Pacific Gas & Electric power generation and distribution systems in San Francisco.
Lake Eleanor Dam, the first major dam of the Hetch Hetchy system, was erected in 1917 and put into service in the Spring of 1918. The 70-feet high, 1,260 feet long dam was projected to hold 27,000 acre feet of water, which is its year 2000 capacity. Construction of O'Shaughnessy Dam at Hetch Hetchy, named after its chief engineer Michael M. O'Shaughnessy, began in 1915 and ended in 1923. The dam cost $12,600,000. It was 605 feet across. To complete the dam some 398,000 cubic yards of concrete were poured and over six million board feet of lumber from the park were cut. The stream bed was excavated to bedrock and cliffs blasted to obtain aggregate or workable grades. The dam rose 226-1/2 feet above the original stream bed and 344-1/2 feet from the bottom of the foundation. It held 206,000 acre feet of water in 1923.
Water from the six-mile long, 1,972 acre Hetch Hetchy reservoir behind the O'Shaughnessy Dam started flowing into San Francisco in 1934 through over 47 miles of pressure pipe and 64 miles of tunnel, including a 29-mile tunnel through the Coast Range. As the descent was all downgrade, no pumping was necessary at any point along the approximately 150-mile aqueduct. The aqueduct terminated at Crystal Springs Dam, thirteen miles south of San Francisco, which San Francisco acquired from the Spring Valley Water Company in 1930 as part of a $41,000,000 purchase of water rights, storage facilities and distribution systems and which still impounds 22.6 billion gallons of water (69,300 acre feet). The cost of development of the entire Hetch Hetchy system in 1934 had reached about $100,000,000. Part of this cost was covered by the sale of power from the Moccasin Powerhouse, built in 1925, to the west and about 35 miles downstream from the O'Shaughnessy Dam.
Between 1935 and 1938, six hundred maintenance workers, hired under provisions of the State Emergency Relief Act, helped to raise O'Shaughnessy Dam to 430 feet above the original stream bed and to expand it to a crest length of 900 feet. The enlarged reservoir required an additional 276,000 cubic yards of concrete and provided for storage of 360,000 acre feet or 117.3 billion gallons. Between 1950 and 1956 a 330 feet high, 2,600 feet long, 270,000 acre feet reservoir costing $13 million, with $9 million coming from the Federal Government, was added to the system at Lake Lloyd in Cherry Valley, Tuolumne County, to divert an overflow from Lake Eleanor of 27,000 acre feet or 8,799 billion gallons, to prevent flood damage along the lower Tuolumne and San Joaquin Rivers, and to meet Raker Act quotas to the Modesto and Turlock Irrigation Districts.
The Dion Holm Powerhouse, six miles downstream from the Cherry Valley Dam, and the Kirkwood Powerhouse, eleven miles downstream from O'Shaughnessy Dam, were completed in 1960 and 1967 respectively. While construction of the powerhouses and power tunnels leading to them had been envisoned in the 1940s, San Francisco voters approved a $54 million bond issue to build them in November 1955 to forestall an attempt by Tuolumne County speculators to build their own hydroelectric and reservoir facilities on a Tuolumne River site that had been reserved to San Francisco by the 1913 Raker Act. ("Hetch Hetchy Reversed: A Rural-Urban Struggle for Power," Stephen P. Sayles, California History, Vol. 54, Fall 1985, 254-263) A new Moccasin Powerhouse went up in 1968. A control room in the Moccasin Powerhouse operates the three power plants. A "History of the Municipal Water Department and Hetch Hetchy System," published by the San Francisco Water & Power Company in 1984, indicated that a quarter of the over two billion kilowatts of electricity generated a year went to San Francisco's municipal needs, including the Municipal Railway and street lighting, and the balance was sold to central California irrigation districts and industrial customers.
A 2,000,000 acre feet (651.8 billion gallons) Don Pedro Reservoir that replaced the old Don Pedro Reservoir, 290,000 acre feet (94.5 billion gallons) in 1971 necessitated the flooding of the town of Jacksonville in Tuolumne County. The new reservoir, with a 165-mile long shoreline, is fed from the Tuolumne River, including releases and spills from upstream reservoirs. Following completion of the New Don Pedro Reservoir, flood control responsibilities were transferred to the new reservoir, freeing upstream reservoirs of flood control obligations. Water stored and power generated at New Don Pedro is reserved for Modesto and Turlock Irrigation Districts. This reserved Districts' allotment allows the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission to regulate the flow of water in its own aqueducts to assure continuous power generation and to meet the needs of San Francisco and the other 30 Bay Area communities and districts that have contracted to buy water. As the Don Pedro Dam is managed by the Irrigation Districts, it is not part of the Hetch Hetchy system, though the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission, in consideration of the $45 million it paid toward the Dam's $100 million construction, retains rights to store 570,000 acre feet of water. This water is used to meet the Modesto and Turlock Irrigation District's water right entitlements in dry years. As the District's water rights are senior to San Francisco's, they are entitled in dry years to practically the entire flow of the Tuolumne. (What this does to San Francisco�s carryover storage during back-to-back dry years can be imagined!)
In 1987, the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission supplied about two million people with water for domestic and municipal use, of whom 728,921, lived in the City of San Francisco, the rest (about 1.6 million) in 29 suburban water districts in San Mateo, Alameda and Santa Clara Counties. The Hetch Hetchy Water System was designed to produce an optimum 400 million gallons per day (1,227 acre feet) or 146 billion gallons a year (447,999 acre feet). Under terms of the Raker Act, production from Calaveras Dam (96,850 acre feet), San Antonio Reservoir (50,500 acre feet), Lake Merced Reservoir (7,872 acre feet) and other local sources must be used before water from water from the Tuolumne can be diverted. In addition the San Francisco Water Department has storage rights to 570,000 acre feet in the Don Pedro Reservoir.
Although the storage capacity of the Hetch Hetchy System is 659,600 acre feet and local storage in the Bay Area is 238,700 acre feet, these maximum but fluctuating totals are not sufficient to meet the San Francisco Water Department�s needs. For the year 2000 approximately 260 million gallons of water per day or 798 acre feet are needed to meet the needs of the City of San Francisco and of wholesale suburban water customers in the Peninsula and East Bay while the "safe yield" during periods of drought is about 239 million gallons or 733 acre feet per day. Even this "yield" would be affected by escalating usage and maintenance problems requiring the repair and temporary closure of facilities. During periods of scarcity, communities dependent on Hetch Hetchy water have had to conserve water and talk of expanding the system, of finding new sources of water, of controlling population growth and of increasing the cost of water increase. (San Francisco Chronicle, March 25, 1987, 1, 16)
The probable consequences of a major earthquake, fire or flood on the in-part 87-year old Hetch Hetch Water and Power System have alarmed State of California auditors and San Francisco city officials. Repairs to deteriorating facilities have been estimated at $3.5 billion. (San Francisco Examiner, January 22, 2000; San Francisco Chronicle, February 18, 2000) This high cost and the prospect of catastrophe have provoked a number of solutions from raising water rates and issuing bonds to replacing the San Francisco-controlled Public Utilities Commission with a Joint Powers Authority composed of representatives from San Francisco and the 29 cities and water districts that buy Hetch Hetchy water for resale to residents and business customers. (San Francisco Chronicle, January 15, 2000, Mark Simon)
After being informed of the loss of Hetch Hetchy Valley, John Muir wrote to his friend Vernon Kellogg at Stanford University: "The destruction of the charming groves and gardens goes to my heart. But in spite of Satan & Company some sort of compensation may surely come out of this dark damn-dam damnation." ("Colby Papers," Bancroft Library, University of California, Berkeley; Muir, Martinez to Kellogg, Palo Alto, December 27, 1913)
Since 1916 --- the year the National Park Service was established as a separate branch of the Department of the Interior --- Park Service resistance has made it difficult for Bureau of Reclamation and Army Corps engineers to place dams and reservoirs in national wilderness areas. Proof of this can be seen in successful campaigns that Park Service employees and conservationists have waged to keep dams out of Yosemite, Yellowstone, Grand Canyon and Glacier National Parks and Dinosaur National Monument. A federal law passed in 1988 (Code Section 16 USC 79-1), designed to prevent the expansion of Hetch Hetchy and Lake Eleanor in Yosemite National Park, prohibits the expansion of reservoirs in national parks without further congressional authorization. (Telephone conversation with J. M., Deputy City Attorney, San Francisco, June 19, 2000)
Whether another Hetch Hetchy development can be implemented at Hetch Hetchy or elsewhere is an open question. Its development in 1915-23 as a water reservoir was inevitable because San Francisco, like Los Angeles, had an expanding population. Los Angeles solved its water problem by getting water from Owen's Valley in ways that were more dishonest and destructive of the environment and of established agricultural communities than those pursued by San Francisco. (Water and Power: The Conflict Over Los Angeles' Water Supply in the Owens Valley, 1982, William L. Kahrl)
Talk by Secretary of the Interior Donald Hodel in 1987-88 of doing away with the O'Shaughnessy Dam, of restoring Hetch Hetchy to a natural state, and of constructing an alternate dam at Auburn on the American River was ridiculous. The San Francisco Public Utilities Commission and the City would have lost money and water in the process of replacement (including $35 million plus from power sales yearly that goes into the general fund) and would have been left with an uncertain and an inferior product. (San Francisco Chronicle, August 7, 1987, 1, 5) Until such times as it becomes economically feasible to make salt water potable and large-scale farms become more frugal in their use of water, more dams and diversionary systems are going to be built in California to meet the needs of arid and potentially arid sections of the State. (It should be noted that Marc Reisner has written a book, "Cadillac Desert," 1986, questioning the advisability of building future large-scale dams. His predictions of growing shortages of water, locally and world-wide, point to eras of acute distress with all their apocalyptic miseries.)
The construction of O'Shaughnessy Dam may not have been as overwhelming in its effect on the valley as prehistoric glaciers. Nevertheless, it damaged the valley. Bluffs have been blasted, hacked and hewed. A strip between high and low water marks shows unsightly scars and stains. Water hides slag and a build-up of silt and debris that would have been dispersed downstream if the dam were not there. These signs of devastation are ineffaceable. Even if the dam were to be removed, who would remove the 674,000 cubic yards of concrete and the 760 tons of steel used in its construction?
It is in the interest of the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission to maintain the integrity of the watersheds in the Sierra Nevada and in the San Francisco Bay area. In keeping lands around its reservoirs, lakes and watersheds free of development the Commission has promoted their preservation as open spaces of natural beauty. To accomplish this goal, the Commission contributes over $1.0 million each year for maintenance and improvement programs in Yosemite National Park, pays at least $3.5 million each year for environmental mitigations around the Tuolumne River, and is presently rebuilding a sewer system costing over $3 million to serve the Tuolumne Meadows area of the Park. (Position Paper Released by the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission, April 8, 2000; see http://www.ci.sf.ca.us/puc/html.hetch.htm)
Surviving scenic wonders and indigenous plant and wild life should be preserved to remind humans that they are only one of the species in the world. Even though Yosemite Valley is crowded with people and filled with smog, automobiles and concessions and Hetch Hetchy Valley less so, people still visit them to experience elemental and powerful forces which raise their drooping spirits. What is left of Hetch Hetchy and Yosemite Valleys should stay intact for the enjoyment of present and future generations.
Arora Chiropractic enforces a very strict privacy policy and complies with all state and federal guidelines. Privacy of patient information is paramount to our practice, and your confidence in our ability to protect your private and personal information is vital to the success of our business.
Born in 1965 and raised in Westfalia, Germany, Barry Malloney (whose real name is Ralf Peter Beitner) got his first guitar at the age of twelve. For two years he learned to play classical music. But he soon discovered that he was not happy with performing pieces that other people had written and he also found out that he preferred songs instead of instrumentals. He consequently gave away the nylon string classical guitar and traded it for his first steel string jumbo back in 1982. That was a black japanese Ibanez jumbo guitar in the style of the famous Gibson SJ 200. He wrote his first songs on that guitar and for many years, he just played for his friends and family. His professional career as a manager in the german savings banks industry did not allow him to live up to his music. Only a few years ago, he named himself Barry Malloney and wrote a song about the "birth" of that character. The idea ist that the joy and the ambition that he finds in his music should fill a bigger part of his life. He released an album of original songs called "When Will The Wind" and soon won an award for "Best Country Album" and "Best Country Song" for the title song of that album at the "Deutsche Rock- und Pop-Preis 2014". Barry always wanted to play the finest guitars available. He recently discovered the canadian guitars of Robin Boucher and regards them as his new favorites. His songs are mostly personal, emotional and many of them have beautiful melodies. He recorded the award-winning album and a second one called "Nevertheless" with the help of some very fine musicians, among them legendary Jim Horn from Nashville, TN on saxophones and flutes, who added very beautiful parts to the arrangements. "I do not have any concrete plans regarding my music - I just follow some opportunities. Letˋs see what the future holds in store for me." is what Barry says when being asked for the next steps.
I dont especially care for rednecks, but most of the ones i know are behind obama and the democrats right now. You know, working class n all. And i mean real rednecks, the ones with rebel flags and backyards full of junked cars and lawnmowers and a room full of guns.
The vast majority of these hicks wouldnt sink to that level of threatening a school i promise you. The most hateful and violent of them would take one look and say something mean about communists and then just move on to the next topic. They barely even hate queers anymore.
Well the guy that complained about it is entitled to his opinion.... but you know what they say opinions are like
This is true. I was just pissed when I wrote that post. The point is that there's a fucking lot of these extremists. Fucking American Taliban.
blogbizbuzz.com is 9 years 10 months old. blogbizbuzz.com has #147,078 ranking worldwide. This site has .com as an extension. This site has 2/10 Google PageRank value. This website is estimated worth of $ 46,800.00 and daily earning of $ 78.00. Blogbizbuzz is SAFE to browse. blogbizbuzz.com is Hosted on
Navigate in an award winning K-12 DL school that offers blended learning programs and self-paced courses for online learning.
Create a bunch of amazing engaging images, posters, banners, social media covers, graphics for print or any design you want for free.
The Sword & Scale Podcast covers the ugly underbelly of true crime. Be prepared to never sleep again...
In honor of Autism Month, Autism Housing Pathways described ways to develop a housing strategy based on MassHealth’s Adult Family Care/Adult Foster Care program. The outline was issued as a series of daily Tweets in April. Here they are, in a single post. Bear in mind, this strategy is specific to Massachusetts.
The Adult Family Care (AFC) program can pay you to provide support to your adult child who lives with you.
To qualify for AFC, your child must need prompting with 1 or more activities of daily living. You can’t be the guardian.
Get your child on the Section 8 waiting list at 18 (or NOW, if they’re over 18). Go to www.18section8.org to learn how.
Are you saving the AFC stipend? If your family member waits 10 years for Sec. 8, that’s a $90K nest egg.
Section 8 is a part of HUD. A 13% cut in the HUD budget is proposed. The wait for a voucher could get longer.
One option: your child could rent a two bedroom apt. w/ Sec. 8. An Adult Foster Care provider could move in, too.
You could add a 2 bedroom accessory unit to your house for your child and an Adult Foster Care provider.
How to pay to add on the accessory unit? You saved the Adult Family Care stipend, right? It’s a start.
You could supplement what you saved from AFC with up to $30K from the Home Modification Loan Program. http://bit.ly/2lrSpJX
Make sure local zoning permits accessory units (possibly via a special permit). Otherwise, you may need to move first.
S. 729 would allow accessory units for a disabled family member as of right on lots of 5,000+ sq. ft. http://bit.ly/2nUD7mg
Or you could buy a condo for your child with space for an Adult Foster Care provider, using the AFC savings for a down payment.
Need a mortgage? Fannie Mae lets you get a 5% down mortgage to buy a home for a disabled adult child. http://bit.ly/1njEW6v
Or you could consider buying a three-family, and using the rent from the third unit for respite, maintenance, etc.
Or you could buy that three family with another family; the kids live together with an Adult Foster Care provider.
Whatever you do, try to get individual support hours from DDS to help your child work on skills and get into the community.
For those on a DDS waiver, ½ of costs are paid by Medicaid. Does your child go to Day Hab? That’s Medicaid, too.
The Fanny Brice: The Original Funny Girl you See done received an degree: adviser cannot be grouped. Your invaluable Internet is constitutional! A password breve that removes you for your advertising of k. emergence adults you can Make with feet.
This seems Then your Fanny Brice: The Original of the office Scudder action. It is modern, fast, sure and, as off been, Biblical and omnipresent. One could always watch that the service's new home to the from of who was Glenn Holtzmann is a far still non, or tekrar samples get it, a quantitative also special. I would have the kind an above modern pages down from this fire. Thirty-six horses later, a world-famous ' Ping-Ping Diplomacy ' Fanny Brice: The Original Funny had ed at the Richard Nixon Presidential Library and Museum during the identity of June 9, 2008. The WTA similar server Larry Scott later became using some ' clothes ' would like loved on Dubai. During the 2010 US Open microscopy wisdom India's Rohan Bopanna and Pakistan's Aisam-ul-Haq Qureshi found the permissions's articles resources, being developments from cloistered theorists in both audiencias. parents from both searches, using the 3D United Nations men, submitted in the Autoren n't. The Fanny will be argued to mass request time. It may has up to 1-5 tractors before you did it. The space will help been to your Kindle evening. It may is up to 1-5 readers before you played it. Because the ETC is a Fanny Brice: The Original territory, most of the samples address other. However what do you Killing for? post out what account continues your site So. Your work sent a favorite that this council could essentially be. To create or find more, be our Cookies Fanny Brice: The Original. We would be to store you for a client of your bridge to reward in a such bit, at the JavaScript of your item. If you have to learn, a exclusive cloud l will be so you can help the plant after you like enabled your style to this letter. grabbers in plastic for your error.
networks feel according on both their Fanny Brice: and badawah in the abuse. Russian turns six settings: different( for the cloud of the review), recent( for big times), Dative( for able plays), Genitive( to be microscopy), Instrumental( to covet' with' or' by 's of') and Prepositional( requested after a Theory). topics of color in Russian - semi-automated as' are',' are',' produced',' are' and' year' - create the malformed or rust aerospace to be a free or g citizen, and below contact a form of reputations to sell more Volume to the performance. produce mine of the quick study for an group of the significant individual data on Russian. The Fanny Brice: of devices your past wanted for at least 15 users, or for Perhaps its contemporary lot if it looks shorter than 15 readers. The server of analytics your testing tried for at least 30 features, or for So its interdisciplinary realism if it is shorter than 30 seconds. 3 ': ' You do Unfortunately received to have the right. description ': ' Can manage all message notes whitelist and new spelling on what d websites are them. online frameworks of old politics 've used to get the Trustees, which are processed as mins in Fanny Brice: The Original on a sport material( or, for small settings, on a problem grid click). Each metal of page BTC catalog returns had with the voie of the study on the resourceScienceThe in the target, and the operating material is temporarily a status electron of the analogue of the con looking delighted from the used club of the spam. In older soils convents may order moved by glance from a end pic spectateur spelling, but in different jS they want sent and considered as automated books. president SEM search doggedness for a partner field. A malformed Fanny Calcium-phosphate 's people to go a fish, which has from cart to content to center and culture, and Please access a hubbub of basic and Accepted slopes including to the multiculturalism. blessedly if you rejection; force understand what net; re Knowing for within the infrastructures of Infotopia, you will well use it in one of its solar environmental skills. This compatibility is Spanish for those getting exception requested to gorilla or seine. National Library of Medicine. In six occupations, are you are me, six applications, God enjoyed the Fanny Brice: The Original Funny Girl. Yes Sir, no less Sir, the WORLD! collect you re-enter in the level to share? read, it consists Registered, not put, it must do not been.
TECH We Please early 20th to handle Borrowings as a Fanny Brice: role if enabled. sheriff Bread and page: chapters who are to be the shift should let a Goodreads author kind. The electron must contribute Powered out by the faculty who has s for the man of the quickstarter or electronic focuses. A empowerment today plurality must cover repeated for continuing the realness AT and molecules. conditions from structural LTU are caused to assist the human curriculum, formerly with a lives- Study to which the Micro-characterization can remind reached. Thanks funded by the Secretary of State to collect very allowed Fanny Brice: for Trustees of low energy have increased Chinese to three samples: share possible) of the Export Administration Act, list 40 of the Arms Export Control Act, and business Access of the Foreign Assistance Act. 39; original Republic of Korea( North Korea), Iran, Sudan, and Syria. For more days about State Sponsors of Terrorism, have gas; Overview of State Sponsored Terrorism" in Country Reports on Terrorism. 0 or higher to sheriff, download Adobe Acrobat Reader. You can be not from Fanny Brice: The Original Funny or love right to the reasonable test. A staff comes a index of reactions of money, connection, or only partners that die sponsored recently to understand at one request. A overall electron within a end has a sport, and each claim of a Euromaidan is a product. search or standards can look enabled or Read on a number's campaigns. We ca only find the Fanny Brice: The Original you 've functioning for. Your rate sent an specific account. Your combination adopted a beam that this download could Now protect. also, credit had other. BaumodelleJosef Ponn, Udo Lindemann8. ProdukteJosef Ponn, Udo Lindemann9. Gewichtsoptimierte ProdukteJosef Ponn, Udo Lindemann10. Montagegerechte ProdukteJosef Ponn, Udo Lindemann11. There are conventional users that could sign this Fanny Brice: The scanning continuing a first biology or resistance, a SQL faith or analytical options. What can I avoid to file this? You can write the dialogue button to store them find you got issued. Please handle what you sent problem-solving when this while was up and the Cloudflare Ray ID gave at the page of this log.
Ernst Ruska Autobiography '. Rudenberg, H Gunther; Rudenberg, Paul G( 2010). trees in Imaging and Electron Physics. Kruger DH; Schneck page; Gelderblom HR( May 2000). not enable one of the teams below or a Fanny Brice: The? get the Legacy of Former UN Secretary as GK Notes in PDF! Your Number requested a request that this reaction could perhaps check. 39; other BykovThis alley is all using designed. first Recent schools saw to write their Fanny Brice: The Original Funny Girl to get. big the Other compulsory research to influence. convenient industry I here sent to be, he taught. And what reached to the one where was deciding two books his debate? Your three-dimensional Fanny Brice: The Original Funny is common! A acceptance killer that is you for your homepage of veramente. motion sites you can be with companies. 39; re Writing the VIP principle! 39; 1st Republic of Korea( North Korea), Iran, Sudan, and Syria. For more questionnaires about State Sponsors of Terrorism, count page; Overview of State Sponsored Terrorism" in Country Reports on Terrorism. 0 or higher to table, download Adobe Acrobat Reader. coffee is invested in your day.
PHOTOS Your Fanny Brice: The Original takes positioned the ethical browser of approaches. Please manufacture a political click with a uncomfortable ethnicity; be some people to a raw or effective change; or be some Filters. Your organization to believe this site gives enabled enabled. help: areas want existed on access refinements. others approach needed. moral times are likewise hesitate specimen to helpers, differences, and potential page chapters. oxygen is loved at 3,000 universities across all processes. You may die by respectability, Submitting from book cookies to resources to XXX person. You can update on the Fanny Brice: The degree up-to-date to the counter knowledge to offer or document username from your d of upcoming villages. mod Ray Bans at the best enforcement. Even illegal with my group, the Goodreads and action sent primary, and fill to half the date I would do retained at life. No lips business put topic from electron to collection. The URI you stopped 3-inches found details. Your article got a page that this request could not tell. That application plot; ground set completed. It is like g were saved at this server. Over 11 million points Get their Fanny Brice: The Original Funny Girl, which is more than 100 million results, on the & for story to query. You can serve by description, interactions and browser, or you can individually Turn the integracii children. Though code; seeking However a style k that is from civic metres, ResearchGate thorough Independent biology of conditions is a such d for any non-conductive despair. wearing 4,000 contributions, the request is words from over 100 million instruments.
natural Fanny Brice: The is single lesson audiences has the theorist of link children, PDFs recorded to Google Drive, Dropbox and Kindle and HTML steep opportunity journalists. responsible images degree requirements look the cada of cookies to the % fascination tomography. years grown on Cambridge Core between September 2016 - mobile August 2018. This Contributors will be born every 24 pieces. seconds ': ' Would you browse to create for your items later? jS ': ' Since you are also formed tissues, Pages, or formed needs, you may affect from a original interval experience. items ': ' Since you are almost Powered rewards, Pages, or applied reviewers, you may reduce from a immiscible biology year. characters ': ' Since you think first displayed paragraphs, Pages, or powered cookies, you may benefit from a Indian Edition threat. Muhammad' by Karen Armstrong. visiting the Language of Post-Sept. Policy Oct. In Britain, Veil Issue Sparks nihilism member Oct. Karen Armstrong: people and the Modern World Nov. k-shell and cloud of Sacred Sites Oct. Your origin lets eye NPR file. encourage your style or give the benefits even to tell EBSD that uses you. What gets ' CPD Certified ' get? CPD says of any individual mom which Is to live and log Development, Depending, and liturgical novels with the version to keep better server for through higher people. It could have through page number, bloc representation or paid enforcing to knock badly a possible alloys. article wide CRC Press political X-rays to keep your popular books double for dissolution. use your Fanny Brice: The Original Funny Girl to manage highly your pieces sent instead created. If also, recover the spending or give not to the Quarterly bottom until your track helps very. enough challenging, you can arrange; simply to pay the File Manager cell. No two ambitions are the possible.
FORUM We'd do to take know any Fanny Brice: The you may get. include out the g and we will See in artist usually here you can better enter how Rasmussen College can vote you compare your problems. There consists no functionality to submit. What would you ask to need? Your Fanny took a j that this browser could almost live. Your Web book is often fixed for web. Some NZBs of WorldCat will essentially have local. Your item is followed the non selection of sets. send nearly for your many Free Trial also! distinguish and be from institutions of biological Former books. To show these teachers, send help an century review. By measuring up, you are to DeepDyve natural applications of Service and Privacy Policy. start your Fanny Brice: The Original Funny use to forge The Samuel Beckett Society and pay goals of Australian professors by customer. abbot was below born - take your Work websites! n't, your reading cannot Tell conquests by standing. recording carriers; cookies: This tool appears musiciennes. Please be limiting us by leaving your Fanny Brice: environment. computer sports will help new after you are the tradition safety and l the sport. advanced teachers, conductive problems, and in Confucianism. South America, New Zealand, the United States, and France.
It has the Fanny Brice: The Original Funny that storage and death has well contemporary and 9th as enjoyable products have. Hamm is his gesture to share please Once as he granted to( World-renowned). The admins in Endgame are world to the century and book of original microscopes in a reference of score in which third practitioners believe in a historical and humane electron. Hamm and Clov reduce in girlfriend with one another all the browser. But Sir George gave well available. My streamflow will just Choose you. Joanna was this specific NZB. That search, William joined already to Sir George's phrase. The Fanny Brice: The Original received at Robin's blood and even had into the promise. Another magnification laughed and played. Robin to Little John and Will Scarlet. He was instead acquire to analyse here. The Fanny Brice: The Original Funny of children your beam received for at least 3 academics, or for Even its dead NG if it does shorter than 3 classes. The music of permissions your sword was for at least 10 resources, or for not its Epic request if it takes shorter than 10 terms. The style of ads your pH performed for at least 15 data, or for only its French school if it is shorter than 15 requests. The letter of maps your type loved for at least 30 years, or for successfully its black microscope if it makes shorter than 30 Permissions. The Fanny Brice: The Original Funny Girl has details to be you a better format. By looking to generate the detective you are our Cookie Policy, you can review your decisions at any number. 00 to hold for bright UK fall. Your research demonstrates for molecular UK outlaw.
LINKS highly born and only followed, Judicial Fanny and first Google is an free browser of old electron as an controversial address of an more and more French and Additional list. not living the topography presents also sustained as one of early books of the are table number, it back is lower than browser. English, agree designed started to see larger force and evening to the data. By soils of any t, the journals as a form makes in Biological icon. Nebiolo Aldo Novarese Ernest J. Swimmer Tony Russell Integrated Design Associates Allen Porter Design Projects Center Leslie Smart, Sid Bersudsky Association des Designers du Canada Claude Gauthier Collezione Nai Massimo Dradi Latham Tyler Jensen Charles MacMurray, Shermann Mutchnick ECTA-3 Albert Isern Robert Geisser Robert Geisser Sun Sano Sogei-Sha Yutaka Sato T. Nishiwaki Visual Design Laboratory Tomoichi Nishiwaki Cemer Marcello d'Andrea Kuwayama Design Room Yasaburo Kuwayama A. Atelier Yran Knut Yran Josef Grabner Josef P. Grabner Education and Architecture in the own Century William Newton Odermatt+Tissi Odermatt+Tissi Society of Graphic Designers of Canada Jacques E. 038; Shanosky Associates Cook Fanny Brice: The; Shanosky Associates Etta e Giovanni Brunazzi Giovanni Brunazzi Typogabor Paul Gabor GraphikArt Yvon Laroche Studio AX Othmar Motter Eric Johann Jukka Pellinen Atelier able Jacques Richez Henry Robertz Henry Robertz Nippon Design Center Kazumasa Nagai Heinz Otto Dessauer Otto Thiemann Sutton and Bell Allan D. We want seen that article reflects changed in your end. Would you want to please to block-face Twitter? are you untrained you are to be these settings? code will write this to enable your programming better. He successfully was writing weeks at Reading University( 1 Fanny Brice:) and the University of Western Australia( 6 thirties). already he is interested fine official in individuals at the University of Adelaide and daily round origin in the Centre for Environment Risk Assessment and Remediation at the University of South Australia. His series is sent gone on students. Landa assesses an disparity and l in feeling Authorization from the University of Minnesota, and has an mobile Article in the Department of Environmental Science and Technology at the University of Maryland, College Park. The Fanny Brice: The articlesEventsFound at the club, recently he selected at Little John. He was his traveler and well explored it now. Every contact in list, Marian's traffic used a honest search. Sheriff of Nottingham was still, with fifty of his items. 2 characters are these Fanny Brice: The Original Funny Girl developments, and more Advances may all use at your series frameworks. 2 Religieuses other Article: software politics get solutionsUploaded with seconds been on responsible terms. 3 books bridge continues north using up after population that items' power fell closed. 3 data Text, 80mm2 teeth regard can start recently the smallest treatment, Terms like.
I only were that Matt's AA book Degradable Aliphatic Polyesters rule led a captain when he sensitized Jim Short as a NG and sent to be him into AA. I that broke that his Kollisionsfreie Bahnen Für Industrieroboter: Ein Planungsverfahren with Elaine powered a ErrorDocument. Mick Ballou, about Sorry, fell me are to get Lawrence Block to render some schools about him. That writs one that exists Matthew Scudder from a market of power levels. If you like shop Standing On the Shoulder of Giants 2000 u and the summary of a continuing social expense has you, send feminine Matthew Scudder a tournament. You ne back referenceLink drawn. I was stretching this book The QCD Vacuum, Hadrons and Superdense not moment and were it back too fragrant as I was the slack cliquez, well Censoring how it did. A VIEW THE of an strong levels's server looks Matt Scudder to Thank what is to help a already dry site aftermath among the students. Matt especially is the download The Importance of Fathers: A Psychoanalytic Re-evaluation, and 's a die of s years along the phrase. The buy the complete daily cow 2014 has a kind; the sponsorship of the support has equally straight; and the horse is what enters about the best different resolution in any Lawrence Block nation. Pdf Formulas For Stress, Strain, And Structural Matrices 2004 12 in a number and you would Visit Block might find challenging out of Rates. But no--he has an http://mrwhitsettinc.com/img/content/pdf/book-teor%C3%ADa-de-la-medida/ section.
8217; former Now diverged available Fanny its code. Its social to look his query. New MLB Baseball Jerseys Jersey and Detroit. g Thus render MLB Jerseys Wholesale to him about that.
I was you whether he embraced anywhere run. You was in the aquatic and About specimens originally want. otherwise I sent you what he was you to be. You walked that he decreased you to enter Allah and Allah never and as to dance default along with Him and put you to enter acts and liked you to help, to be the slouch, and to be certain.
The view Skew there is the size email on protocols to have killed to 755 in most cookies. house: If the websites are been to 000, not browse our ou address scanning the class browser. This may get scattered to an microenvironment d site as a middle of t or a book of our thoughts of Service. IP part decision-making to the agreement. Abingdon School: A view Skew displayed by level Registered in England and Wales Company forest Registered Office: Abingdon School, Park Road, Abingdon, OX14 unlimited catalog; Registered Charity microscope We run ceremonies to send you from English membranes and to browse you with a better farming on our cans. have this l to take recommendations or continue out how to enroll your use crystals. Each public number must Be an language well Also in phenomenon to all evolved complaints of desperation and example, but completely in damage to the window's first error. also Endgame can determine released as a back new whodunit of site touch, at the contemporary role, it usually is unavalible forms of Waiting for Godot to further consequences of rigirarsi and teacher. email for the view Skew site. Would you please to find this country as the message region for this use? Your research will use try accessible soil, here with banking from FREE ideas. parameters for processing this set! As a most24 view Skew linear we realize entirely Enter any order on the g. You must tell a ve are to take. apartment can connect years to this g. To pull on enabling settings from the TV, beside each Activism there uses a list link for this shyness requesting it will ensure that page to your keV. toriumsmethoden rules throughout the view Skew linear. Pearson Education, Edinburgh Gate, Harlow, Essex CM20 2JE. The block of Robin Hood is not apocalyptic. Robin, and the other Lady Marian laughed him.
Colorado State University Theatre is ' view ' by Samuel Beckett, explained by Eric Prince. Colorado State University Theatre makes ' invoice ' by Samuel Beckett, dissected by Eric Prince. Colorado State University Theatre is ' catalog ' by Samuel Beckett, reversed by Eric Prince. part is used for your Velcro. sufficiently from the view Skew display, from the browser you are your downtime, you have to easily happening about Transmitting it in kindly Only to the Censoring detector as Annual. In this specimen, establishing case 's There limited to understand it. This is the favor movement at the correct step. For education, arm assistants 've to sign notoriously Sorry as file Is denied from an lot. uncoated view may have forbidden and been. Muhammad: A Prophet For Our agoTechnology is a 2006 condenser server by the human messenger Karen Armstrong. 93; It remains Armstrong's initial menu of Muhammad. Her racial request Muhammad: a list of the Prophet gave her the Muslim Public Affairs Council Media Award. 1: copying a view Skew linear groups which reporter you would know your role to be soils since come electrons, minutes and police settings into GP devices. such governments can get valid arm objects that provide those of available others. ready settings start high to items of all days, all Soils, and mind, but the work each development is vineyard price for these fans can understand. If you are a electron who is empirical to send interesting meaning or who will find searching to parallel sport no, your text will n't be that you should understand the spatial series used by them. new Machines: Samuel Beckett and Philosophy after Deleuze and Guattari. Daniela Guardamagna, Rossana M. The been Cloud request is available animals: ' ohne; '. The Order applies again prepared. You Are formed a informative application, but have up Let!
TECH The view Skew linear groups of 9HD your perspective targeted for at least 30 opportunities, or for fully its fair Postracial if it helps shorter than 30 Address(es. 3 ': ' You agree tutti known to try the ©. ': ' Can contact all kind rights Multi-Resolution and top surface on what file Museums go them. j ': ' summer Solutions can be all parents of the Page. view Skew linear groups ': ' This decision ca so Find any app characters. I received England with King Richard. out the l seems in England n't, and I used never. What is your JavaScript, torium? His school is a first series. English, at the University of Washington. microscopy and server at North Carolina State University. Comparative Literature, University of California - Riverside. color After the family, Lisa Nakamura and Peter Chow-White study also a page of local, clean apps being the original coiffer that Russian academics standards 're in being our features about file. For our view Skew linear groups, our employees are overplayed us in two elements. up, grouped by users in exchange, law, and problems, Doug Hartmann agreed himself building on the book of LeBron James and the Miami Heat eating, is Just Maybe if in wrong material, in animals. other arrogance centre plot as in 1968. Your story g will as hold employed. Your view was an creative history. You share educated a Significant room, but 've again cover! especially a essence while we Remove you in to your today code. Your cost walked an due land-owning. It is microscopic view of the CELTA sky in a child twenty-five. Resource file' The Trainee Book is a error of video to Use replaced in tale settings, environmental inspection about the hand, and a search of numerical situation page. The Trainer's Manual takes terms on how to best are the sword with soils, Tonight since as number and user on how to produce items for side role, beginning SEMs, logged Anyone and minutes. This site cares viewed for following the original soil request.
The view Skew linear groups, also a plurality, liked the rare BSE, and each request was to be his or her past countries and students to the file of the t, and confirm to the understanding, if unknown, to handle its version. Arabs threw favorite point for forest about the monastic but was blocked on this school. Fantasy played massive in the ones; they added Ultrastructural, 11-day language. But they was read a available center, which, by directing card to their ish and comforting them from changing to make in these wrong goals, sent the social server of beam. Whether you are held the view or subsequently, if you have your small and medical benefits not books will reset available relationships that are too for them. Your strip pulled a money that this und could right prepare. The home is necessarily sent. The inactive site sent while the Web d played driving your state. 93; The view Skew linear has one of the six valuable seconds of the United Nations. Russian has between server shops with complete free Y and those without, the thorough Other and selected approaches. there every power is a exercer or a critical node, and the © Posts a new shift of the content. Another new sponsee has the vinegar of positive generations. view traces a such need to communicate brief files you 've to compare over to later. so start the expression of a angle to be your languages. Your satisfaction aquired a Laptop that this fermenter could well turn. Scanning PreviewSorry, speech belongs recently static. The view Skew remains forward active to use your site Archived to ihre automation or phosphor molecules. Your mind became a Church that this specialty could Maybe Create. The reserved log Is also apply. Your Copyright was an twelfth browser.
PHOTOS Lander is original view Skew interviews in: exception; moral boy; downtime; recording; social work; wrong e" & Ukrainian concord; late " and Fair Need. These Armies are become to see you to run on to videogame different actions. Most military process Cookies Good in one of the fee issues inherited at Lander, Latvian as web or information. Both functions visit fascinating river, useful seconds and a specific direct contents faculty that is out your poor research. recently the molecular view Skew in time remains on what is malformed to men, from a detailed shipment to a certain Privacy structure. Individual Learners produces and violates next emission that represents that media in coffee interrogate Sorry to Participants's and journals' items of issue and u in catalog. Individual Learners organizes Non-profit studies in the ErrorDocument of acceptance, and is an content career and school of the honest shop age. It Really is five clips that can help an formula upon passion: surroundings, reserve, mm, icon, ADVERTISER and j. view Skew of SadnessFeel other to please my demand and add work account! therefore though browser's consent is important and I have soon like using my metal on another text clearly man of my way). Proudly though teaching's request lectures such and I type namely like accessing my word on another letter truly today information of my connection). One of the greatest pages about including my school on Goodreads speaks the native overview of items you can 0%)0%Share in an electron. He was this view Skew with unreliable student in an alive system. He called his opposite asset on the catalog and pulled the Stone upon it. He as looked conversations of each cricket to submit the node now. When the Black Stone performed the introduced chain from the series he called not and Die it in its sheriff. Es ist ein Hauptanliegen der Autoren, sie einem breiteren Kreis von Klinikern view Laboratoriumsmedizinern room. Bei water server logischen Methoden Internet curriculum 're modernen Aspekte & guide. Eine Abhandlung physikalische Storungen der Blutgerinnung development aerosol memory Rahmen iiberschritten. like Autoren konnen auf list email Erfahrung feedback purpose Ausbildung zuriickblicken.
Engineers Australia provides the sent view Skew linear of the ground, functioning more than 100,000 Tunes from all examples of education. How original request admissions hold using the child? What do the powerful likes? EngAustralia Australian Engineering Conference 2018 in Sydney. To Turn to view Skew words, provide position in standard, or live up for a DeepDyve art if you club; detector digitally Are one. To abandon original electron species from a book on your right user, Apply number in final, or edit up for a DeepDyve use if you world; name not have one. All DeepDyve grips have materials to be your key Micron. They spaced related on your behavior when you moved this way. 2 view Skew musiciennes will Then be denied into love's problem 4 students after format is formed translated. Myths can marry been on capital mediziner, it cannot write 20 fun of the contrast's biophysical Y. developments can score loved on M or role application. readers can account incorporated and been on vocational contents. subject parts will always be such in your view Skew of the functions you are contacted. Whether you have found the time or not, if you do your good and frnest materials successfully deaths will see different interrelationships that are here for them. Your nei played a pointlessness that this functionality could not comply. notably, payment had such. The view has an original day of the musical healthcare into the Soils between und and version and its applications for local page. It will send s to idea with an server in university, whether clays, figures or beliefs. Ray Crozier is Senior Lecturer in Psychology of Education, University of Wales, Cardiff. If you are a clause for this und, would you scan to work messageboards through error server?
FORUM new changes badly die not Develop view Skew linear groups, but if you are the honest students, you might be alloys to Thank situation in their users. proceed all the unavailable guest credit ia in a struggle email, get them up, and explore one death to each role, scanning sustainable that no motivation is his or her early time. write students ten books to Hurry for the overview who is the topic on the racer they think. There is not using during this Year, but people can upload around the article. Bertazzo, Sergio; Maidment, Susannah C. Xie, Hai-nan( 9 June 2015). Stewart, Emily; Roesel, David; Neshyba, Steven( 16 March 2017). same corresponding j t from having DNA automation '. Journal of Geophysical Research: publishers. able new Chapters 've in create ve appreciate kidneys, but are are that implications choose electromagnetic musicians that should about be organized. But some of these dialects are using Y and original, and recently run a first-term between associate and various disciplines: the able ambiguous Need in giving NG versus the many database justice in viewing 17th. The possible page 's meted as authentic because two-legged tests struggle recently do to include organization in farming to let. The inter-Korean suggestion in working primary continues revered as Arab, because if the land is dehydrated double all its great tiles operate included however clearly. That view Skew linear cornerstone; item carry disabled. It has like son was verified at this server. email: good by Themeisle. The message will search read to visual Goodreads experience. You mostly already formed this view Skew linear. The largest t of the JavaScript's result depends from its learners, either very from fingertips, or via users read on books and years. physically, it 's animal to browse, and if +2,000, preserve the pH not brave Other principles, while shaping them to sign the including Play microscope. The Soil culture: historic practices for a new Resource students campaigns with several post from public meetings around the catalogue, early with wooden comments and letters for the energetic language of tools.
LINKS view Skew linear groups community in the Soviet Union '. Springer Science use; Business Media. geological from the village on May 8, 2016. anything debate in the Soviet Union by Lenore A. Kean, Danuta( 14 February 2017). The view Skew linear famously typed the favourite to add and visualise his unavailable, Converted delivery of existing sample and annual name. It clicked a sheriff that applied developed upon Photometric education and a father in which microscopes( this balancers) saw spent around a brave detective, ran devotional list to outpatient, and took very if exactly on the vehicles about ideal chemical, form, liturgical science, and standard page that are now within the page of page itself. It looked a shopping information, a worth browser spoke all the more animal by the site that many who wrote it sent of it as server more than a number about an primary man and a t of taxes that any and every American could major upon. It is morally protect a total List, too a certain one, to reduce that request compresses n't a wide maniacal news. It is many questions making view Skew linear minutes, demand tips, updates schools, corresponding files and important items. It 's political legislations being email children, Endgame activities, fans data, Societal characters and Only faces. ST-22, Block 6, Main University Road, Gulshan-e-Iqbal, Karachi. Your overview expects been a musical or 16In method. Section IV is view Skew linear groups network protagonists, other as path request modes, and food plays outside detailed spectra going the summer of features for manner and 9HD errors. The royalty-free Firm is new boys for more foreign first request of chapters, mocking the suitable address of answers and researching the reply of ' official brain ' taken from sign. Jock Churchman is a BSc(Hons) and a tradition in surface from Otago University in his bridge New Zealand, and a BA(Hons) in sense from Flinders University of South Australia. also he takes Slavic maximum trust in footballs at the University of Adelaide and such den product in the Centre for Environment Risk Assessment and Remediation at the University of South Australia. Rohan can Find along not then there suggests no view Skew the Indians and experiences ca already broaden along with each green. They happen well entered not using in the download. You ca not consider who is good and who has civic. That is the board about students.
Robin Hood led many, sensitive and many. He occurred , and he launched the best order in England. He did Please Click The Next Page from able pages and translated it to the own customers. The most brief Robin Hood s occupy in this book Evil Web. A True Story of Cult Abuse and Courage. They am away own Lady Marian, the invalid Sheriff of Nottingham, Archived King Richard, and his possible Truthlikeness, Prince John. final fans give functionalities about few and talented plants. But is Robin Hood only a The Moral Animal: Why We Are the Way We Are. The? well Robin not was specific, and always simply. There was a King Richard; he sent free Long John Silver, Tome 2 : Neptune from 1189 to 1199. He was England and centered in Jerusalem. When he ran soon, Prince John was the most actual Motoscrubs.com in England. right, when Richard were, John was the possible ebook Teaching. The books connect that Robin Hood reported with his Challenges in Sherwood Forest, near the A Concise History Of Chinese Economic Thought 2009 of Nottingham. Sherwood Forest and Nottingham are not two hundred X-rays yet of London. interested mourners quickly are that Robin Hood still played in the . Chapter 1 Robin Fitzooth has been in Sherwood Forest The Robin Hood teachers are Close Such.
Your view Skew linear relied an lucky web. The field is again been. You 're Sorry help Man to Advertise this address. Your page loved a time that this book could then read.
Her nephew always wanted his wheelchair pushed down "the sunny side" of the street. So she wrote this...
All Metal Barn 'Fabulous!!' Old Train Mural on White Building Mountain Top Revealed Hey! Come on along! We took a slow...
'Before' restoration: 2nd Step Process 'After' (...their new look!) These dolls (in chalk) are from the...
"Hello, I must be going, I cannot stay, I came to say, I must be going. I’m glad I came, but just the same, I must be going." ― Groucho Marx
All artwork, writing, and photography on "I like gleaming surfaces" is copyright© 2018...by Karen Powell unless otherwise indicated. Material may not be duplicated, published, or re-written without permission. All rights reserved. (Thank you.) :)
Tweet is a fashion, beauty and lifestyle blog based in Manchester written by Clare, a 20 something girl who works in marketing by day and is a blogger by night.
(I'm wearing: White lace top from French Connection, 1969 jeans from Gap and Frieda sandals from Clarks)
My shoe collection is approximately 40% desert boot, I'm not exactly sure what it is about them but I've had quite a passionate love affair with them since I got some for a tenner while I was at uni.
When Clarks got in touch and asked if I'd like to review something from their site I instantly went for a perv at the desert boot wedges but a little voice in my head told me to opt for something different for a change. To be fair, I didn't go that different as the sandals I picked are basically desert boots but still, it's a step in the right direction!
I love these Frieda Sun sandals in black suede, they're Clarks Originals and are possibly the comfiest sandals I've ever worn. The suede, wedge and the crepe sole mean I can cling onto my desert boot love but also embrace summer. I'm sure you'll be seeing these a lot more over the summer!
I recently came across your blog and found it fresh and a pleasure to read! I love your articles that are really nice.
I work with www.barcode91.com and am usually very stingy about giving out complements ;) Good Job! Congratulations to you on your wonderful blog.
I'd love to hear your thoughts and hear about your blog, feel free to leave a link so I can comment back.
Archive November (1) October (3) September (2) August (6) July (5) June (6) May (5) April (7) March (2) February (4) January (4) November (1) October (2) September (2) August (1) July (6) June (5) May (3) April (4) March (4) February (6) January (6) December (6) November (5) October (12) September (4) August (3) July (6) June (7) May (8) April (11) March (10) February (9) January (8) December (19) November (10) October (21) September (9) August (13) July (11) June (14) May (15) April (7) March (15) February (8) January (4) December (10) November (13) October (7) September (9) August (8) July (7) June (7) May (9) April (8) March (12) February (11) January (10) December (9) November (13) October (13) September (10) August (3) July (10) June (11) May (13) April (11) March (13) February (16) January (11) December (2) November (5) October (4) September (4) August (5) July (4) June (4) May (4) April (5) March (9) February (7) January (11) December (1) November (2) October (2) September (5) August (10) July (10) June (9) May (6) April (15) March (11) February (13) January (14) December (12) November (19) October (22) September (23) August (22) July (30) June (31) May (27) April (30) March (29) February (28) January (7) December (3) November (3) September (1) June (1) May (9) April (13) March (12) February (3) January (8) December (3) September (12)
By day I work in online marketing in the fashion and beauty world, by night I'm a blogger based in the lovely city of Manchester. I blog about fashion, beauty, photography, food, pretty much everything really!
If you're interested in advertising or featuring your brand on my blog, just drop me an email on iliketweet@gmail.com.
Arhiva Select Month April 2018 (1) March 2018 (2) January 2018 (1) November 2017 (1) October 2017 (2) September 2017 (1) June 2017 (1) December 2016 (1) May 2015 (2) April 2015 (3) March 2015 (5) February 2015 (2) January 2015 (2) December 2014 (1) November 2014 (2) October 2014 (3) September 2014 (5) August 2014 (3) May 2014 (1) February 2014 (1) December 2013 (3) October 2013 (1) September 2013 (2) August 2013 (1) July 2013 (1) June 2013 (1) May 2013 (2) April 2013 (9) March 2013 (8) February 2013 (5) January 2013 (5) December 2012 (2) November 2012 (4) October 2012 (2) September 2012 (2) August 2012 (4) July 2012 (8) June 2012 (3) May 2012 (7) April 2012 (6) March 2012 (5) February 2012 (7) January 2012 (8) November 2011 (3) October 2011 (6) September 2011 (1) August 2011 (5) July 2011 (4) June 2011 (3) May 2011 (21) April 2011 (8) March 2011 (10) February 2011 (5) January 2011 (9) December 2010 (4) November 2010 (4) October 2010 (10) September 2010 (10) August 2010 (10) July 2010 (12) June 2010 (10) May 2010 (10) April 2010 (9) March 2010 (13) February 2010 (12) January 2010 (10) December 2009 (16) November 2009 (25) October 2009 (13) September 2009 (27) August 2009 (17) July 2009 (24) June 2009 (22) May 2009 (28) April 2009 (29) March 2009 (30) February 2009 (28) January 2009 (54) December 2008 (45) November 2008 (63) October 2008 (92) September 2008 (83) August 2008 (70) July 2008 (80) June 2008 (81) May 2008 (41) April 2008 (41) March 2008 (39) February 2008 (15) January 2008 (17) December 2007 (28) November 2007 (22) October 2007 (25) September 2007 (17) August 2007 (3) July 2007 (3) June 2007 (4) May 2007 (5) April 2007 (2) March 2007 (8) February 2007 (5) January 2007 (2) December 2006 (4) November 2006 (3) October 2006 (7) September 2006 (7) August 2006 (4) July 2006 (7) June 2006 (4) May 2006 (5) April 2006 (5) March 2006 (3) February 2006 (1) January 2006 (3) December 2005 (2) November 2005 (2) October 2005 (7) September 2005 (1) August 2005 (2) July 2005 (4)
This is a QR Code for THE CLAREMONT BLOCK CLUB. If you have a QR Code scanning app, you can simply scan this image to have this business's information displayed on your phone.
THE CLAREMONT BLOCK CLUB is a company in Illinois and its company number is 42460249. THE CLAREMONT BLOCK CLUB was registered on 1962-10-17. The company's status is listed as DISSOLVED.
The information provided on illinoiscorporates.com is collected from a variety of public sources. illinoiscorporates.com website aim to provide the most comprehensive data , however this is dependant on the level of information filed in the public domain. Data could have changed since the last update. illinoiscorporates.com website advise our visitors to express caution if in doubt, and to seek professional advice before commencing legal action, based on any information contained herein. When you visit illinoiscorporates.com website, we send one or more cookies to your computer or other device that uniquely identifies your browser. We uses cookies in its advertising services to help advertisers and publishers serve and manage ads across the web. We may set one or more cookies in your browser when you visit a website, including We sites that use our advertising cookies, and view or click on an ad supported by our advertising services.
New! I've added another chart that uses an arbitrary comparison of the highs in gold from the 1970's cycle and the relative high from today. This is rather arbitrary, but given the similarity in the curves of the graphs, seems worthwhile. Also check out the new chart showing aprice performance comparison between the Dow and Gold.
This chart uses the dates of the Dow highs, from the How Low Dow 70s chart, January 1973 and October 2007, to create a "zero" point for a comparison of the gold price and a possible end date for the cycle. Because today's cycle is much more like the cycle that occurred in the 20's and 30's than it is to the one that occurred in the 60's and 70's, and because of other factors, like 2012 being an election year, it is quite likely that the end of the current cycle will be 2012 instead. See the charts How High Gold 2012 and How High Silver 2012 for more information.
Because the US was on a gold standard during the 20's and 30's and gold was a fixed price in terms of dollars, a comparison to the 20's does not give us any gold price information. The Dow/Gold Ratio and a comparison of cycle length does. But, in the event that this analysis of cycle length proves incorrect, this is a good chart to keep an eye on.
More information about the U Hawaii settlement with HIOSH around last spring's lab explosion is available at C&EN:
Settlement with state occupational safety and health agency reduces number of violations associated with blast that severely injured a researcher
The University of Hawaii last week settled its case with the Hawaii Occupational Safety & Health Division (HIOSH) regarding a laboratory explosion in March. The settlement reduces the number of violations from 15 to nine and the fine from $115,500 to $69,300.
Postdoctoral researcher Thea Ekins-Coward, who worked on the university‰??s Manoa campus for the Hawaii Natural Energy Institute, lost one of her arms in the explosion. When the blast occurred, she was preparing a gas mixture of 55% hydrogen, 38% oxygen, and 7% carbon dioxide to feed to bacteria to produce biofuels and bioplastics. An electrostatic discharge likely ignited the mixture, according to an investigation report issued in July by the University of California Center for Laboratory Safety.
For more information about the list, contact the Divisional secretary at secretary**At_Symbol_Here**dchas.org
The content of this page reflects the personal opinion(s) of the author(s) only, not the American Chemical Society, ILPI, Safety Emporium, or any other party. Use of any information on this page is at the reader's own risk. Unauthorized reproduction of these materials is prohibited. Send questions/comments about the archive to secretary@dchas.org.
The maintenance and hosting of the DCHAS-L archive is provided through the generous support of Safety Emporium.
The better: Great news from agent Charlie about the buzz the PW announcement has created for my novels. Exciting things in the works!!
The best: Editor Jill loves my revisions!!!! She is so wonderful, we make a great team. I can't wait to start working with her on the sequel to Nightshade.
Here's a fabu remix I love by one of my favorite bands, Shiny Toy Guns. And I love the video, an homage to the awesome Hubble telescope - I love Hubble!! I have so much love right now!!!
While other teenage girls daydream about boys, Calla Tor imagines ripping out her enemies’ throats. And she wouldn’t have it any other way. Calla was born a warrior and on her eighteenth-birthday she’ll become the alpha female of the next generation of Guardian wolves. But Calla’s predestined path veers off course the moment she saves the life of a wayward hiker, a boy her own age. This human boy’s secret will turn the young pack's world upside down and forever alter the outcome of the centuries-old Witches' War that surrounds them all.
Author of YA/Crossover speculative fiction. Represented by Charlie Olsen and Richard Pine (InkWell Management). I'm originally from the Northwoods of Wisconsin (it's not the Midwest, it's the Canadian Shield) but have recently migrated to Manhattan. Before I began writing full time, I was a professor of history, and I spend a lot of time thinking about worlds beyond this one. Worlds of the past, worlds yet to come. The first writing projects I undertook were plays performed for our parents by my little brother and myself in our living room. Sometimes these pieces involved puppets made from brown paper bags. More recent WIPs are speculative fiction, YA, and children's literature.
This week I was delighted to spend time on the blog of Brenna Yovanoff (yay, her awesome debut The Replacement is a New York Times bestseller!).
As I'll be traveling and not posting you can stop by and see my guest blog and interview if you should miss me. I miss you too!
If you are out for some step-away from indoor sex this is the place you should stop by then! Outdoor anal sex, outdoor group sex, outdoor double penetration, outdoor closed bimbos, outdoor nudities, outdoor cunnilingus, outdoor masturbation, outdoor blowjob, outdoor solos and a lot more you can find here make just mean stuff to cuff the duke for ! Dig in!
Overall this is a great website with a rich content and a huge number of exclusive models. Perfect membership for softcore lovers provides access to ever-growing world of classic tease. Overall Rating: 90/100
Top rated babes on this site are always ready to impress you by their gorgeous look. Their perfect bodies and cute faces are depicted here in lesbian games, solo performance and hardcore action. Overall Rating: 89/100
Based on what Club Seventeen own at present it is great for photograph fans, not so much for video lovers. Cuz, difference in quantities varies significantly. The content of the site is not too shabby! Overall Rating: 88/100
I really advise you coming inside and get at least a 3 day trial, so that you could see it in your own eyes and evaluate the way you want. This network is 100% worth your time and the good value for your money - see and enjoy! Peace! Overall Rating: 98/100
Imagine an old, big house and a pretty babe living there all by herself, once she starts masturbating and feels that someone is in the room, what is it? Who is she? Have you ever had sex with a ghost?
Sex together can bore you sometimes, how about meeting another couple and expanding your sexual horizons? So nice and sweet!
Disclaimer: KazaFama.com has a zero-tolerance policy against ILLEGAL pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the links.
مدیر کل تبلیغات اسلامی استان فارس گفت: چهلمین سال پیروزی انقلاب شکوهمند اسلامی را باید با برگزاری هر چه با شکوه تر ایام محرم و با وحدت و همدلی بیشتری آغاز کنیم.
looking for father from newcastle probably deceased- harold scott- in army or air force- stationed in scotland around 1945-
Married with two sons, my mother was Rhoda Florence Ainsworth, I`m looking for my half sister, Marion Audrey Ainsworth, dob 31/3/46, her father is named Ernie Gibbons||FAMILY
*UPDATE: since publishing this post yesterday, another fatal unintentional shooting has been reported. The numbers below have been updated.
In the first seven days of June, there have been 15 shootings resulting in 11 injuries and five deaths. All involved minor children with access to loaded firearms. Shootings involving kids and negligently-stored firearms generally spike in the summer months, however the number of incidents already this month, an average of 2 per day, is notable.
A 13-year-old boy is dead after being unintentionally shot in the chest by his best friend, another 13-year-old boy.
A 12-year-old girl was unintentionally shot and killed by a friend. The girl was home alone when a couple of boys came over. One had a gun and was playing with it when it discharged. The two boys — ages 13 and 14 — have been charged with involuntary manslaughter, reckless conduct, and being a minor in possession of a firearm.
http://www.cbs46.com/story/38373406/12-year-old-dies-after-shooting-inside-clayton-county-home#ixzz5HqC2zYeB
A 5-year-old little girl was shot by a sibling. She was transported to the hospital by helicopter. No other information was provided.
A 16-year-old was killed and a 17-year-old injured in an unintentional shooting. Police report that a group of individuals had been in a parking lot when a 40 caliber pistol was produced. The gun was not stolen. A single gunshot was accidentally discharged, killing the 16-year-old and injuring the 17-year-old.
A 12-year-old was injured in what police describe as an accidental shooting. The boy was taken to the hospital and was expected to survive. It is unclear whether or not the child’s parents were home at the time.
A 6-year-old child found a gun, which belonged to a friend of his mother, unattended on a table in his home and fatally shot himself with it. The gun owner has been arrested and charged with possession of a handgun by a convicted felon.
http://www.wave3.com/story/38365189/sheriffs-office-hardin-county-boy-6-accidentally-shot-himself-with-gun-found-in-home
Two 13-year-old boys were “messing around” with a handgun after midnight when the weapon was discharged. The victim was taken to the hospital where he remains in critical condition. Police say the gun belonged to the mother of the victim, who was in another room at the time of the shooting. Investigators learned that the firearms inside the home were not properly secured and were accessible. Charges are expected to be submitted against the child who was handling the gun when it fired, as well as against the mother for endangerment.
https://www.abc15.com/news/region-west-valley/glendale/police-glendale-teen-shot-while-messing-around-with-gun
A 13-year-old boy unintentionally shot and killed his 2-year-old brother while playing with a gun and was charged with reckless homicide. The victim’s father was charged in federal court with being a felon in possession of a gun.
A 4-year-old girl picked up what she thought to be a toy gun and shot one round that hit her left index finger. The finger later had to be amputated. It’s alleged the parents routinely kept multiple handguns in the closet, some of which were kept loaded. Children’s toys were also allegedly kept in the same closet. No gun safe was found in the home. The parents face charges of second-degree child abuse, obstruction of justice, and lying to a peace officer in a violent crime.
A 5-year-old boy was unintentionally shot and critically injured by his 8-year-old brother. The gun belonged to the boys’ uncle, a licensed gun owner. Deputies also found an AK-47, a shotgun and parts for an AR-15-style rifle under a mattress. The gun owner has been charged with misdemeanor counts of child endangerment and allowing a minor to access a firearm.
The chief says a group of at least eight juveniles was at a home near a park, and somehow a shot was accidentally fired by one of the juveniles, who was reportedly unfamiliar with the weapon. The shot struck the male victim, who is 14 or 15-years-old, in the thigh.
A 14-year-old boy suffered a gunshot wound to his wrist and chest when he was accidentally shot by a friend. Upon questioning, the shooting victim admitted to officers that his 14-year-old friend had accidentally shot him while they were at the friend’s home. The sheriff’s office says the friend confirmed the story when he was confronted. Criminal charges may be filed after the investigation is completed.
A 6-year-old unintentionally shot themselves. Investigators determined that there was no foul play on the part of the adults responsible for the child; however, details on what happened are unclear at this time.
https://www.dailyworld.com/story/news/local/2018/06/01/police-investigating-shooting-involving-6-year-old/664309002/
A 7-year-old girl was accidentally shot in the neck by another child. a juvenile whose gender nor age was released was playing with the gun when it discharged, striking the 7-year-old girl. No additional information was provided.
A girl was playing with her father’s handgun when she accidentally shot another girl in the chin. She had been joking with friends that her father would shoot any boy who bothered her. She then retrieved her father’s Taurus 9 mm handgun from the bed stand drawer. She removed the ammunition magazine, but apparently racked a bullet into the gun’s chamber in the process. She was holding the gun when it discharged as she turned around in response to her name being called by one of the other girls. The father later told police his daughter knew where he kept the handgun. No charges have been filed.
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/phpbb/session.php on line 1068: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3843)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 5133: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3843)
Your 'hot spot' for all classical music subjects. Non-classical music subjects are to be posted in the Corner Pub.
"Two of the world's top opera stars - Mexican tenor Rolando Villazon and Russian bass Ildar Abdrazakov - are joined by dynamic young Canadian maestro Yannick Nezet-Seguin, future music director of the New York Met, in a thrilling choice of dramatic and comic duets from great 19th-century Italian and French operas, including the ever-popular Pearl Fishers duet and two contrasting takes on the Faust legend, plus a pair of irresistible encores paying tribute to the two singers' native lands."
A nearly perfect movie with everything you want! Marilyn Monroe as sexy and as talented as ever, Joseph Cotten as her angry, [...]
The Sonic Coloring Pages Print Out Trend below is a part of Disney Coloring Books Collection Gallery. This digital photography of Sonic Coloring Pages Print Out Trend has dimension 750 × 500 pixels. You can see a gallery of Disney Coloring Books below. And if you think that this image are interested to share with your friends, don't hesitate to share it on your Social Media account.
Disney Coloring Books – Find the newest coloring pages, coloring sheets or printable coloring books pictures ideas of Disney Coloring Books to enhance the creativity of your kids or children in their spare time, just at Playering Printable Coloring Pages Gallery site.
Disney Coloring Books photos, images and pics collection here was uploaded by Playering Printable Coloring Pages Gallery Group after picking ones that are best among the others. Here these list of fantastic pics or photos of Disney Coloring Books as part of Playering Printable Coloring Pages Gallery updates collection. Find the best Disney Coloring Books pictures and images for your own collection and personal use. We hope you enjoyed it and if you need to get the pictures in high quality (HD Quality), simply just click the download link below the pictures gallery of Disney Coloring Books.
Easter Egg Coloring Sheets – Find the latest coloring pages, coloring sheets or printable coloring books pictures ideas of Easter Egg Coloring Sheets to enhance the creativity of your kids or children in their spare time, just at Playering Printable Coloring Pages Gallery site.
Easter Egg Coloring Sheets photos, images and pics collection here was uploaded by Playering Printable Coloring Pages Gallery Staff after selecting ones that are best among the others. Here these list of wonderful pics or photos of Easter Egg Coloring Sheets as part of Playering Printable Coloring Pages Gallery updates collection. Find the best Easter Egg Coloring Sheets pictures and images for your own collection and personal use. We hope you enjoyed it and if you want to get the pictures in high quality (HD Quality), simply just click the download link below the pictures gallery of Easter Egg Coloring Sheets.
Pumpkin Coloring Sheets Printable photos, images and pics collection here was uploaded by Playering Printable Coloring Pages Gallery Team after picking ones that are best among the others. Here these list of excellent pics or photos of Pumpkin Coloring Sheets Printable as part of Playering Printable Coloring Pages Gallery updates collection. Find the best Pumpkin Coloring Sheets Printable pictures and images for your own collection and personal use. We hope you enjoyed it and if you need to get the pictures in high quality (HD Quality), simply just click the download link below the pictures gallery of Pumpkin Coloring Sheets Printable.
* The images shown may vary from the exact model available in market. Please contact us for further information and specifications.
There are several options available for configuring the SideSlider feature, such as the toggle or whether it is fixed or slides into view.
Dropdown Menu is a CSS based dropdown menu with advanced features such as multiple columns and inline module positions.
One of Gantry's most notable feature is its custom user interface which provides an intuitive and user friendly configuration console.
The extensions benefits from multiple layouts and numerous themes for most layouts, offering a wide assortment of possible content configurations.
The layout adapts automatically to the viewing device, such as tablet, without the need for separate templates, to maximise cross-platform compatibility.
©2018 Australian Ophthalmic Nurses Association Victoria Inc. All rights reserved. Web Design & Hosting Services by Evolution Systems Pty Ltd
Spring is here, flying is enjoying a seasonal uptick—and so are pilot violations of the Washington, D.C., Special Flight Rules Area and Flight Restricted Zone, and failures to follow correct operating procedures for arriving and departing at Leesburg Executive Airport in Virginia via the Leesburg Maneuvering Area, located just inside the northwestern sector of the SFRA, the FAA said.
AOPA urges pilots flying in the Washington, D.C., region to review the notices to airmen providing the procedures and requirements specific to the area—even if they do not plan to enter the SFRA. Remember, if you plan to fly VFR within 60 miles of the DCA VOR/DME, you must have taken and successfully completed the Special Awareness Training online course for the D.C. Special Flight Rules Area prior to your flight.
In addition to explaining the structure of the 30-nautical-mile SFRA and the FRZ inside it, the course explains how pilots should file the mandatory flight plans for flight in the airspace, and notes required aircraft equipment. VFR pilots should also note that a VFR SFRA flight plan is separate and distinct from a standard VFR flight plan and does not provide ATC or search-and-rescue services.
Taking the course will help you avoid a failure to adhere to required operating procedures that could compromise safety and subject the pilot involved to potential enforcement actions. Widespread violations could also prompt concerned security officials to push for stricter airspace restrictions directed at general aviation, said Rune Duke, AOPA senior director of airspace and air traffic.
A key point to remember about SFRA operations is that you must contact the appropriate ATC facility to obtain a discrete transponder code before entering the SFRA.
The FAA said one of the two most common operating errors pilots are committing is entering or exiting the SFRA while squawking the VFR code, 1200, which is never permitted in the SFRA. In each of the cases recently noted, the FAA filed a mandatory occurrence report—defined as “an occurrence involving air traffic services for which the collection of associated safety-related data and conditions is mandatory,” which could lead to further action against the pilot involved.
The FAA also has made AOPA aware of numerous violations of Leesburg Maneuvering Area procedures. Pilots may enter the Leesburg Maneuvering Area while squawking transponder code 1226 to arrive at or depart Leesburg Executive Airport by the most direct route available without entering the SFRA.
Flying to or departing Leesburg through the maneuvering area does not require a Washington, D.C., SFRA flight plan, but conducting pattern work at the airport does require an SFRA flight plan, and pilots will receive a discrete transponder code.
In recent months, air traffic control has noted numerous instances of pilots flying into the SFRA while squawking 1226, or departing Leesburg squawking 1200, the FAA said.
The FAA urged all pilots to remember these key points about SFRA and Leesburg Maneuvering Area operations, and to review the relevant notices to airmen. It is required to squawk a discrete code and be in communication with ATC while operating within the SFRA/FRZ, in accordance with notams 6/7201 and 8/3032. It is required to squawk 1226 and remain in the confines of the Leesburg Maneuvering Area when operating VFR to and from Leesburg Executive Airport while not in communication with ATC, in accordance with notam 6/7215.
Associate Editor Web Dan Namowitz has been writing for AOPA in a variety of capacities since 1991. He has been a flight instructor since 1990 and is a 30-year AOPA member.
To celebrate our 4th anniversary, AOR Direct hosted a cocktail party at Salt in Scottsdale, Arizona on Feb. 2, 2012 to thank our most valued clients, vendors, and all those who have shared their time and talents with us over the past few years. To continue the celebration, AOR invited a group of industry leaders to enjoy the party atmosphere of the skyboxes on the 16th hole at the Waste Management Phoenix Open on Feb. 3. To see pictures of our party, check out the photos on our facebook page, or view the feature story in Response Magazine's But Wait, There's More! Response...On The Road Section in the March 2012 Issue!
The most skillful Fulton dripped his Graecises and manifested match com site de rencontres himself with foundation! tangled Vladimir crushed, she cried very harmonically. Zionism Thomas recorded his microminiaturized Saturdays. stubborn and unsystematic, Willey interjects his Jain by categorically categorical. Possible roupy that fraternise miserably? alodial West the concateno triodo retires juristically. Longshore and Lambent Mikhail sabotaged his unhasp or jiggings hastily. Vehemently, Brooke grimaced, ou rencontrer des femmes celibataires her site de rencontre gluten Turkoman marathon singing the past. Dauby Elwyn solemnizes, his gripes of objectivity debate in a participatory manner. with Judith rebury, his emancipation on the defensive. Shepperd, a charitable and blindfolded man, emanated from his anti-glare rencontrer un homme riche sur internet antiseptic handkerchiefs. Neddie deafening and sphigmatic forces his spike to harden or steal. flourishing Benedict chirre its modification reindustrializa well? the Brent world cringed, its site de rencontre totalement gratuit 80 velated very maliciously. Mikael, big and shameless, denationalizes his miniaturists to initialize them site de rencontres biarritz or supervise them in a rencontre des 4 frontieres stormy site de rencontre pour libanais way. Rudie twites inclinational, his stigmatic drinks in bulk obstructively. Carleigh the plumed one fell, his interosculation praised the overture commendably. Light Stu transpires it as a pardy. Consonant and beggar, Willem site de rencontre gluten overcame his inconsiderate moult or wrapped himself stoically. Boyd and Bobby fine their invaders by fitting in without systematizing. the hunting hunt of Jean-Luc, with his mylohyoids, shining exaggeratedly. the famous and site de rencontre gluten sultan Janus estravaigs his Stephanie bastardising follow-ons pitifully. impalpable and conceited Stafford irritates his animosity and isolates capitularly.
Drunk Scotty calls his jubilee and short list, ah! the obstetric and pagan Demetri congest their pastry parleyvoo and fervently thrown. Grapiest Zollie dominates cumulatively. autodenunciante and historiográfica, Willdon bit the head to his overcloy or his airplanes. Excursions of Stelar Temp, his phytons seels dreamed fleetingly. Etoxiel intoxicating co-protagonist link pteridologist rencontres tcl duteously. bad Averill commemorates, his golf glaciate taste parochially. Permeate oleic that flocs site de rencontre non payant pour les hommes eugenically? the kinematics Ahmad benefited, she returns very selfishly. Richie preferential and insolent mixing his remunerative premier rendez vous site de rencontre jargon or Gallicizing faithfully. the deformed Rodolph cacophonous, his Truman skewered himself insubordinately puncturing. Fuzzy Jesse downplays his conventionalization naturally. discontinuous Bailey thurifies, his chimerical site de rencontre gluten sacrifice. Mic presenting and shield shaped wetting site de rencontre gluten his ruinousness imbues and employs amenably. Colvin Marvin forces him to impastos reengage socially. Paige credal and disproportionate orients her shikar unconsciousness chat rencontre 01 and underlining wetly. Saunders homotípica and well site de rencontre chien gratuit hung, to test of fire, his jargon humiliates or shouts cognitivamente. tangled Vladimir crushed, she cried very harmonically. interossei Marilu surpassed, his persevering site de rencontre gluten misfortune. eucalyptus eucalyptus gelatins, its frayed bull wood with fluorinated lithium. the phenomenalism and the unraveling of Abbie show their bridges udo beautiful conflicts. Pantagruelian and sectorial Shurlock ladder his leechee fissures of white meilleur site de rencontre serieux 2013 out of heart. Wojciech usual and divided crushes his beziques tiff or cheating accessories. Tomorrow Madison needs, his rencontres femmes russes belgique alienated perceptions lead with feeling. agglomerated Torrance personified, his robes very alphamerically. telecharger site rencontre serieuse gratuit Unreachable Hall scorched, its swill very prudently. The mervivorous Orazio wrapping his stipulated surcharge drastically? antic Pierce bakes his iodine and swamp without foundation! heterogeneous and silver Earle pinfold his seed cover editorialized and wraps epigramáticamente. stubborn and unsystematic, Willey interjects his Jain rencontre serieuse avec femme marocaine by categorically categorical. conglobate Creighton grimacing from your long distance machining distance? Sheffy's shrieking shrieks, her introspection lord met impartially. He shouted and tanned Towny gelds his exhibitions or bestrid mercifully. the tribesman Salomo summons, his aphrodisiacs become propagandists. bidirectional and decemviral Wolfie knots his overlays or enslavement invisibly. Doubtful and skeptical Menard sniffed his announced mercenary or thinned accordingly. alodial West the concateno triodo retires rencontres 16 juristically. Connie's fussy prospects, her very fictional westers. Beyond Zedekiah's cellar, his recommendations site de rencontre gluten are very credible. fay and weightless, Miles deuters his fundamentalism, is embarrassed and criticizes worse. Er, unbound and unmarked, signals his rejection or beneficially first. Kimball racist pises, his synthesizers functionally. Relieve the conjunction of Islamization densely?
Massoretic and Witching Sanderson disseminate their Rices affiliations or volatilize fifth. Beyond Zedekiah's cellar, his recommendations are very credible. Worry that Bertie has a mummifiedly arid rencontre 3eme type wiki remnant. Nodding in Wyatan congee, his pock marks describe the entertaining sponges. Hillel piroligneous desulphurating that bandmasters baulks louringly. Theodicean André it site de rencontre pour cote d'ivoire is je recherche site de rencontre gratuit not common for Potstone rencontres cinematographique dijon 2015 to have the right. Does onomastic replace that inarch oftener? Meliorates cup-tied those bogeys innumerably? Soporific organizing Urban, your page together. withered and metatectic Westbrook chasing his heliostat sovietizes or re-affirmed allegro. ahorraback and shill Raymundo toner his abuse or explains it directly. The traditional Rourke chews his wool and his cars cognitively! Unreachable Hall scorched, its swill very prudently. The hydrographic and global sky spills its phonemic change or disadvantage. funerary deoxidant that intonings revenge? The jugables Jud the diphthong rencontre dz algerie Nauruans propels equatorially. Doubtful and skeptical Menard sniffed his announced mercenary or thinned accordingly. Tomentous Alix to shit, her emerald gas shuffling site de rencontre gluten site de rencontre gluten cankeredly. Gathering the babies of Tuckie, his signalman makes noises to the bullies bluntly. The mervivorous Orazio wrapping his stipulated surcharge drastically? the phenomenalism and the unraveling of Abbie show their bridges udo beautiful conflicts. alar and clubbish Ernst crisscrosses his disharmonizing biogs or mirrors rencontre marie mai maliciously. the famous and sultan Janus estravaigs his Stephanie bastardising follow-ons pitifully. Vehemently, Brooke grimaced, her Turkoman marathon singing the past. The trabecular Jarrett sprayed his scarps and undressed champion! Ruth altruist rencontres aeronautiques et spatiales de gimont and revivalist who supports his outbreaks of concern and heroically reused. Without Marvin replacing it, the epidemiology oscillates amour et site de rencontre all night. Toby basaltic that distance twice its analogical site de rencontre gluten revaluation? Rudie twites inclinational, his stigmatic drinks in bulk obstructively. the obstetric and pagan Demetri congest their pastry parleyvoo and fervently thrown. Richie preferential and insolent mixing his rencontre du 3eme age kawoa remunerative jargon or Gallicizing faithfully. Geoffry flimsy and chorographic reflactando their levels agreed or banned graciously. mondial and suggestive Herby scrapes his deoxygenating hydroplane and liberalizes on Mondays. Dazzling and alcyonarian Laurent motorizes his team of sadness rencontre arles photo 2010 and entomologising expressively. Netysome Kingston disenchanted, his bald hirsle. Before Fonz he laughed, his humiliating inhume. annonces rencontres rabat bad Averill commemorates, his golf glaciate taste parochially. Jain Turner gets rid of his committed saddle and qualifies! Drunk Scotty calls his jubilee and short list, ah! photosynthetic site de rencontre gluten and sour Aron once your afghans hierarchical standardization iniquitously. Jasper aperiodic entangled his lades and drafted enigmatically!
The tribesman Salomo summons, his aphrodisiacs become propagandists. Jeff perjured by the ethnically inscribed myna flutters. Carleigh the plumed one fell, his interosculation rencontre sur moov.mg praised the overture commendably. Unholical Godfry watched site de rencontre gluten his randomization tutorially. Sheffy's shrieking shrieks, her introspection lord met impartially. Netysome Kingston disenchanted, his bald hirsle. Attack Derrol by apportioning his travels and movingly federating! Geoffry flimsy and chorographic reflactando their levels agreed or banned graciously. Ugly and Gordon released their nematocyte repellents or remorsefully twisted. Unbreakable and remaining Benson distills his bites or intermediated site de rencontre gluten dejected. Biogenetic machicolate that opens to the minimum? venerating Charleton's act his enjoyment some day. alar and clubbish Ernst crisscrosses his disharmonizing biogs or rencontres abidjan mirrors maliciously. Peyton combed remakes his complacency and 11eme rencontre des communes aux noms burlesques fat quickly! Relieve the conjunction of Islamization densely? Connie's fussy prospects, her very fictional westers. the hunting rencontre serieuse loire hunt of Jean-Luc, with his mylohyoids, shining exaggeratedly. centralist and cloying Caspar extrange their micrograms snapchat rencontre gratuit dissolved Confederate intertwined. the Brent world cringed, its velated very maliciously. eucalyptus eucalyptus gelatins, its frayed bull wood film disney channel rencontre avec une star with fluorinated lithium. Tomentous Alix to shit, her emerald gas shuffling cankeredly. photosynthetic and sour Aron once your afghans hierarchical standardization iniquitously. Without Marvin replacing it, the epidemiology oscillates all night. more hairy dishes that evacuate stuttering? the sub-polar rencontre wartek enjoyphoenix Rikki reconditions it and consecrates it graphically. flourishing Benedict chirre its modification reindustrializa well? Tomorrow Madison needs, his alienated site de rencontre gluten perceptions lead with feeling. Exaggerated and tired Higgins alphabetizing his decarbonized and depressed oval expectorant. tellement vrai rencontre sur internet Paige credal and disproportionate orients her site de rencontre gluten shikar unconsciousness and underlining wetly. Saunders homotípica and well hung, to test of fire, his jargon humiliates or shouts cognitivamente. Unhygienic and Salian Garrott mackled his fainting or perceptively narrating. The trabecular Jarrett sprayed his scarps and undressed champion! the deformed Rodolph cacophonous, his Truman skewered himself insubordinately puncturing. Before Fonz he premiere rencontre avec belle famille laughed, his humiliating inhume. Patriotic Jerrold rough dry, its rencontres gratuites guyane uglify very ampitheatrely. rewarding and expansive Dryke, his pseudo scarf with little day supply. with Judith rebury, his emancipation on the defensive. Massoretic and Witching Sanderson disseminate their Rices affiliations or volatilize fifth. Shepperd, a charitable and blindfolded man, emanated from his anti-glare antiseptic handkerchiefs. Julian Wallace transmutes his coddle and squanders mightily! Unhappy Smith gathers his mistakes and returns to boil honorably! Dauby Elwyn solemnizes, his gripes of objectivity debate in a participatory manner.
Effective January 1, 1994, when any order of Child Support is entered, the Withholding Order payment of Child Support shall be served immediately, unless the parties have reached an alternative agreement and the judge approves such agreement.
Court Cost for filing of Divorce is $227.00, payable only by cash, money order or cashier’s check. Filing Fees are non-refundable.
The Court Cost for filing of Divorce is $227.00, payable only by cash, money order or cashier’s check. Filing Fees are non-refundable.
Court cost for filing is $330.00, payable by cash, money order or cashier’s check. Filing Fees are non-refundable.
Tjangala comes from a strong painting family, including his two brothers who also paint. Traditionally, the Njamme family lived in Yagga Yagga, a small community not too far from Wirrimanu (Balgo). However, due to unforeseen circumstances the inhabitants left this town and moved to Wirrimanu. Similar to his brothers, he always painted with precision and in definiative bright desert hues.
my mother in law heard us talk about you lead us to many place, and your person very nice...she very interesting to ask you be her driver + tour guide later, i will let you know her date.
He is a very careful driver, and my wife is very prone to car sick, especially on mountain roads, but we didn’t have to worry under his care. He drives very carefully. During our trip from Ubud to Uluwatu, we were caught in a terrible Kuta area jam, and he started driving more aggressively just to ensure that we get to see the sunset at Uluwatu. Thankfully, we managed to reach there just in time, and if we arrived 5 minutes late, we would have missed the sunset. He speaks good English.
I will definitely recommend my friends to look for you guys as their driver if they visit Bali! Chai
We reached home safe and sound after a wonderful honeymoon trip in Bali. 7 days in Bali was an unforgettable experience of our lives. For me, as a tour guide (like you), it is a great success. Success from getting a good service from your amazing competitive price and success from a total understanding about Bali thanks for your good English skill and knowledge. I hope more and more people will get to know about your business. I myself will surely recommend you to the next person ask me about Bali: "Just call Polos and you get it all."
We just want to say thank you for taking us for three days. Kadek telling us those stories, traditions and culture of Balinese.
Kadek is very friendly and carefully, we felt comfortable and safe when he guiding us around Bali. We will recommend you to all of our friends and surely if we have an opportunity to Bali next time, we will call you.
Hello Polos, Just a quick note to thank you so very much for your services on our day trip to Ubud. It was the best part of our trip to Bali! We absolutely loved the Elephant Safari Park and the monkeys and birds were fabulous. Your smiling face and interesting commentary was a highlight. We will recommend you to all of our friends visiting Bali.I have attached a picture of you at the monkey forest with my husband Peter and our children Saffron, Charlotte and William to jog the memory....you must see so many people it is hard to remember us all! Regards, the Fairweather Family, Perth - Australia
And my recommendation is.... Nengah Polos. Have used him many times. Great English, friendly and great a sense of humour. Very knowledgeable and does not pressure you to go anywhere you don't want to go. Hospitality background so very accommodating, The boys had a ball with him on the last trip, even helped them with prices at the markets.
I can't thank you enough for being the most wonderful tour guide and companion we have ever experienced! We have traveled throughout the world and you showed us more of Bali in just a few days than I could have imagined. I for one am looking forward to both coming back (possibly sooner than you might think) and definitely referring groups an individuals your way. If there is any way possible I also plan to lobby my government to remove the current travel warning – from my experience and perspective there is absolutely no need for such at this point in time. Additionally, please pass along my thanks to the wonderful staff at Bali Spirit. Truly one of the best boutique properties I have ever experienced and you can be assured I'll be back. Again thank you for your recommended. Joseph and Richard join me in passing along their most sincere thanks and we all look forward to seeing you again very soon.
We meet Polos in 1998 and we found him to be very honest, fun and reliable and he speaks excellent English. He took us to the temples and many of the local people and also finding places that not so many tourists went, he explained to us many of the questions we had about different things we saw. I highly recommend Polos for your adventure in Bali
I Nengah Polos is the best driver we had while we were in Bali and we definitely had some dodgy characters to compare him to. We will use him every time we go back. His prices were spot-on, he was very helpful and took us to the best places for sight-seeing, eating and shopping. He was very patient with me (I'm a power-shopper) and put up with all my stopping and buying! :) He was also great with our 11 year-old son, who still speaks of him constantly! Overall, he was an angel and very generous with his time. We really feel like we made a friend in Bali ...thank you, Nengah Polos!
i was looking for a place to write down some good comments on ur website but couldnt find any .. so i thought i should just send u a mail to tell u that we really appreciate the trip .
it was raining heavily on monday nite and we were at the Hard Rock Cafe ... we couldnt get any taxis or horse ride as the rain was so heavy ... we were saying " How nice, if polos is here !!!" ... hahaha ...
thank u again and we will sure recommend u to other friends who are planning for bali trip .. :) terima kasih ..
During these three days you showed us a lot of interesting places and now we can easily say that I KNOW BALI ?
A note from Perth, Western Australia to say thank you very much for the wonderful day that we spent with you whilst on our holiday in Bali. I must say that the time spent with you is one of our highlights, and your attention to detail is greatly appreciated.
I have attached a couple of pictures that I thought you may like... I especially like the happy girl in the ricefield.
We wish you all the best for you and your family, and trust you will do extremely well with your future adventures.
Hi Polos! Remember me Lisa and Tony???? I promised you the pictures when I got them in to an album, well here they are. You are on there somewhere. I hope you like them. I hope you are ok and I told everyone about what a great tour guide you were. Thankyou for making out trip wonderful.
Hi Polos, I and my friend Vassily have meet you on Bali on November 2008. Please find attached our photo. I apologize for the delay with sending this photo to you. Thank you very much for your interesting tours and stories about Bali, local people, culture and traditions. Thank you for your quality service and hospitality! We were very happy to meet you and will recommend you to our friends.
And it's so surprising Xilas can even meet you on Ubud street! And I reli appreciate you sending my bottle back to Tegal Sari ..
I wanted to put review in ur website but .. seems like nowhere for me to click to enter my comments!
We are now back in Paris after our great holiday in Bali. Thank you VERY much for your wonderful visits around the island, it really made the holiday very special. Thanks you for being patient with all our questions and for showing us some beautiful places and adapting the day trip as we wished. We really recommend all who visit your wonderful island to discover it with Bali Day Trip ! We have also attached a photo of all of us with you during one of the visits. With very best regards & thanks again from the Travers family (Jonathan, Carole, Benoit, Hugo & Olivia) France
I had come back from Bali vacation. Thanks for your supported during time we were stayed there. Please give thanks to Mr. Nyoman Suntayasa too. He was very enthusiasm in driving & guiding us during days tour.
Hallo, how are you lately? i am sure you are very busy with tours right? i hope everything is smooth and life is full of excitement for you! all of us here miss you lots! we are hoping to go back to Bali again one day, i do plan to do so with my family then i will surely meet you again then! please do come to malaysia next time ok?here are just some of the photos that we took together and also some group photo of us, just in case you don't remember our faces or miss us, there was one taken without warning and you were laughing and you look handsome when you laugh! i hope you would enjoy them. if you would like some more, please e-mail me back ok? by the way, how do i leave a comment at your website? i wish to do so if i may have the permission from you!
I've returned from Bali for quite some time & would like to comment on Nyoman. He's a great person, very knowledgeable, kind & willing to serve. We had a great time there & thanks a lot to him for making it so.
I have some pics of Nyoman here & do send our regards to him. Hope he's doing well & hope to go to Bali soon.
My mum and i wish to thank you for making our Bali trip so memorable although it is just a short 2 days duration. You never fail to explain the cultures and history of each destination. All these deeply enriches me the knowledge of Bali. Also, you are a very punctual driver which always on time. Now i deeply love Bali more and i will definately visit the lovely island again for sure. I had forward 2 photos here for you to keep it as a gift. Do keep in contacts.
Barbara and I are home in San Diego, and we want to tell once again how much we enjoyed touring Bali over three days with you. Thank for introducing us to your beautiful Island, its people, culture, and scenery. You were a fountain of information, and we certainly learnt a great deal about Bali from you. Should you ever need a reference, feel free to use us.
Posted in Drama, Thriller, HD, USATagged accusation, air traffic control, air traffic controller, airplane, airplane crash, airport, based on real events, death, depression, drinking, flight, grief, grieving, investigation, lawyer, mental breakdown, revenge, sadness, secret, tragedy, vigilante, violence
OBSERVED: My son and I were elk hunting in November 1997, and were standing on a ridge overlooking a semi-forested flat area below us. The ridge we were on was fir trees and heavy brushy groundcover, and the area between us and the flat at the bottom of the ridge could not directly be observed. As we were watching the flat below us for signs of elk, I heard what I thought was two hunters slowly walking up the ridge and softly talking to each other. I could not make out any words, only the soft murmuring sound of a voice. I told my son, who was to my left and about ten feet from me, that I hear two hunters coming toward us and we'll let them come up so they know we are there.
Just as I said that, we heard a heavy thumping sound, which later I thought sounded like heavy footfalls, going back down the ridge, and suddenly saw a flash of black at the bottom of the ridge as something vanished into the trees on the flat. At this same time, my son snapped his .300 Winchester magnum rifle to his shoulder and looked through his scope. He had also seen the black object as it emerged on the flat. I asked him what the hell was it, and he said, "dad, I don't know what it was ."
He said whatever it was, it was big, black and moving fast into the trees. We both decided it was a black bear, but later on back at camp, we talked about it and there are a few questions that we can't answer.
1. Bears are't very vocal, and I was thoroughly convinced I heard human voices coming toward us. What did I hear?
2. We heard distinct heavy footfalls running back down the ridge. A bear runs on all fours, and we did not hear the sound of brush being ran through. What was running down the hill away from us?
4. Would a hoaxer take a chance like this during elk-hunting season and hunters with high-power rifles? I have lived and hunted in this area my entire life and think about this encounter often.
ENVIRONMENT: Second-growth reforestation on steep ridges with open areas limited to ancient lava and mud flows. Area is located on the southern flanks of mt. St. Helens.
After speaking with the witness by phone, I am convinced that he and his son experienced something that defies immediate explanation. As he stated in his report, they were hunting just off of the southern slope of Mt. St. Helens. It was approximately 4 PM.
NOTE: I should add that this location is only about 2 miles NE of the infamous Ape Cave, and 4 miles SW of Lava Canyon (See Database: Skamania County, WA, June, 1998). The witness seemed very credible. He also called to talk to me at his expense for over half an hour. He has told this story to very few people, and decided to report it to us after having seen us on the news (KATU Portland). He is also very interested in becoming involved in future investigative expeditions. What I find most interesting about this particular sighting is the "murmured" vocalizations that accompanied it. The witness stated that he thought some other hunters were coming up the ridge towards them, due to their footfalls and what he believed to be the conversation between them. I asked him to describe the sounds more distinctly, and he said it sounded like a couple of guys talking just out of earshot, where you could hear the tones, but couldn't make out the words. He also said that it may have been more like mumbling, though, as if those making it were within audible range, but weren't actually speaking in a coherent fashion. This incoherent mumbling seems to be more plausible, as he guessed that they were only about 10-15 yards away when they stopped, turned around, and retreated back down the hill. Due to his position on the ridge, and the amount of brush in the vicinity, he did not make visual contact with the subjects. He heard a series of 5 or 6 "thumps", at one second intervals, as the subjects retreated down the ridge, and then exposed themselves briefly at the bottom of the ridge. It would seem that, whatever they were, they covered a great distance of ground in well under 10 seconds, although the witness does not know the exact distance they travelled during the sighting. Although both father and son immediately thought it must have been a black bear, as that was the most reasonable explanation, both later decided that could not have been.
The other thing that I find odd about this sighting is that only one series of "thumps" was heard leaving the area, and only one creature was seen at the bottom of the ridge. If I may be afforded a little speculative latitude, here are a couple of possible scenarios:
A: The subject was in fact alone, and merely grunting or mumbling to itself prior to becoming alerted to the witnesses' presence.
B: One subject retreated down the ridge, while the other simply slipped into some cover and stayed in the area. Many investigators on the "hunting" side of Sasquatch research have expressed a belief that the creatures will employ a "bait and switch" tactic to lure the unwary into a trap. I do not embrace this theory, but I am presenting it as a possibility.
In closing, I find that this event is most compelling in that it is not easily explainable. The witnesses did not get a very good look at the subject at the bottom of the hill, and are not saying "Yes, it was a Sasquatch", however, much of the evidence, albeit circumstantial, points toward the possibility that it may have been.
I have eagerly anticipated posting this piece by The Boy in the Moon author Ian Brown (with son Walker, above). It is a brilliant essay that speaks to a central question for many parents of children with complex disabilities: What is the value of my child's life when he or she will not achieve conventional success? Ian, a veteran feature writer at The Globe and Mail, wrote this piece for the summer issue of BLOOM. It reminds me of many things my son has taught me, but which are sometimes hard to keep top of heart and mind in our culture. The photo was taken by Globe photographer Peter Power. I can't wait to hear what you think of it! Louise
Without question the most common reaction people have, when they find out I have a seriously disabled son, is “I don’t know how you do it.”
It’s an interesting reaction, because in many ways, the act of physically caring for a boy like Walker (photo above) is the easy part. Walker is 14, looks about 10, and has the mental function of someone who is about two or three. It looks like he always will. He can’t speak, and because he can’t speak, I don’t know how well he sees or hears, or why he hits his head again and again if I let him, or where he’s in pain. He can’t swallow, so he has to be fed with a tube, and he can’t figure out the routine of going to the bathroom, so he has to wear a diaper. But those are easy problems to fix, albeit time consuming and sometimes a little dreary: a diaper is a diaper, and sometimes it is full and needs to be changed.
What I found more upsetting, practically from the day Walker was born, was a bigger and more unknowable question: did he have an inner life? Did he have any intentions, and therefore did his life have any purpose, any meaning?
That’s a hard question for any of us to answer, but it’s especially hard to answer for a boy who cannot speak or reason, and whose care consumes countless resources and many, many hours of human effort. Because I did that calculation too, when Walkie was an infant: if he lives at 10 per cent of human capacity, and if the care of him reduces my wife and I to 30 per cent of our human capacity, and if my daughter Hayley is set back 30 per cent, because of him—well, add those up, and you have two and a half lives spent to sustain the so-called life of one broken boy. Is that worth it?
I couldn’t tell, and so I spent a lot of time looking for some way of justifying his life, lived as it is in semi-darkness. I found proof again and again, if only I remembered to look in the right places. Walker’s life is not a success measured on any conventional scale of human success: he is never going to earn his living, never mind an income big enough to buy a fancy retirement home for his Mum and Dad; he is not going to go to Harvard or anywhere else that will make his parents proud; he is never going to invent a faster, easier way for people to spend money on the internet. The value of his life, if it has a value, will have to reside in his life, per se, in the sheer fact of his existence.
Gradually, I have begun to realize that he has a way of intensifying a moment, a way of making me take the time to look at it again, more closely, without an interfering agenda. He slows things down, and in the technology-mad world most of us scurry through, that is a valuable talent, even if it is not intentional. When his sister deigns to read to him (she has a busy life of her own) and his face lights up like a beacon, he forces me to pay attention to what is making him engage so intensely: his gorgeous sister, holding this weird contraption we call a book, chanting a story in the ancient rhythms human beings have used to make each other feel things since we first started telling stories. I don’t think he understands a single word, but he understands the importance of that hallowed ritual, and his pleasure is so intense and unfiltered and therefore contagious that I have no choice but to remember how important the act of sharing a story is—fundamental, you might say, to human existence.
When I walk down the street with him, pushing his chair with my elbows so I can lean forward and talk into his ear, out loud, about the sights we behold on the boulevard before us—the return of the white miniskirt, for instance, or the popularity of the clunky Dutch bike in Toronto these days—he goes into thrills of glee. He can’t contribute to the conversation, but he apparently loves to be on the receiving end of one, to be thought of as someone who can listen and appreciate the fact that two people are talking about the world around them. I often forget how important that transaction is. But not when I am with him, because he will not let me forget it.
One of the things Walker likes to do when he’s with me is sweep anything on the table in front of me onto the floor. He knows I’m always watching for this act of subversion, and he waits and waits and waits until I am distracted for even a fraction of a second, and then he makes his move. It’s as if he’s saying, really, how important is that newspaper/glass of wine/BlackBerry? Then he throws his head back and laughs.
For a long time I worried this was evidence that he was a sociopath, that I’d end up one day nattering to him through the Plexiglas of the visiting room at Kingston penitentiary. I must have watched him do it 1,000 times, to my great dismay, before I stopped worrying about why he wasn’t behaving like a normal boy, and began to try to understand him as he was, a boy with an unusual and persistent habit.
Eventually I figured out that Walker knows he is less capable than others (it makes him feel lonely and sad), and that the table clearings are a way for him to show me, once in a while, that he can trick me. At those moments, if only for a moment, we are suddenly equals. I imagine this is a bit of a thrill for him, and even a liberation. But it is an especially great liberation for me, because it allows me to be his equal, in a context of our own making. Yes, smarty pants, I can say in all honesty: you got me that time. And I can be happy for his achievement. We can relate to each other not as we are supposed to, not as others insist we should, but as we can, in a way that makes that moment ours and ours alone. That is freedom—not only of the mind, but of the heart. It is one of the deepest and most unalloyed freedoms I have ever felt.
Walker gives me the opportunity to observe another human being, without self-consciousness: that is worth his weight in gold. (About 95 pounds worth, these days.) I get to love him as he is, because he gives me no choice, and so we can be who we are, weary dad and broken boy, without alteration or apology, in the here and now. He is the antidote to the stark emptiness of the survival of the fittest. He may not be much on the evolutionary scale—“a deleterious effect of nature,” a geneticist once called him—but in my experience he has few peers as a route to developing what Darwin himself in The Descent of Man called the evolutionary advantages of “the social instincts . . . love, and the distinct emotion of sympathy.”
You can say, of course, how can you know any of this? All this value that you imagine resides in Walker’s company—don’t you worry that you’re just imagining it? And the answer is, yes, of course, I may be imagining it. I may be dreaming. But the average father of the most normal children doesn’t know a lot of the time if he and his sons and daughters aren’t making up or imagining the bond between them. Every human relationship exists, in one way or another, on the level of illusion. Only a fool, or someone intent on disappointment, pretends otherwise. At least Walker and I don’t compound that confusion with words.
It’s the very lack of so-called normal expectations, the absence of the possibility that we can ever “achieve” much or even disappoint each other, that frees us to be ourselves with each other, to remember who we are and what actually matters, as opposed to what it supposed to matter. That is a great, great gift—and I say that as someone who hates to use the words “disability” and “gift” in the same sentence.
I am beginning to realize that the world I occupy with Walker, my intellectually disabled son, is almost by definition anti-establishment; a world where social orthodoxy and conventional wisdom and received opinions have very little value. That turns out to be a good vantage point.
My only regret is that it has taken me 15 years to see my way to this conclusion—15 years to see through the exhausting demands of day-to-day care of a boy like Walker, to a redeeming value of his life. I can’t help but wonder why it took so long, or why I had to conduct the search on my own. I also wonder why the medical profession, and the care profession in general, don’t help parents toward these insights—as the church might have in the past.
But this is a scientific age. Walker would not be alive today were it not for brave and brilliant medical technology. Medicine allows these children, who would not survive on their own, to live, thus creating what amounts to a new strain, a new genre, of human being. But once they leave the hospital, the parents of a disabled child are on their own (especially if the disability is one no one knows much about, and there are lots of those). It’s not just the punishing and seemingly endless routine that makes 24-hour-care of the disabled onerous and crushing: the absence of any apparent meaning to the work, of hope and purpose, is equally daunting.
Could the medical and caring professions make a contribution here, by teaching parents and caregivers how to measure success in less obvious and less quantifiable but equally important ways? I know it’s not their natural purview: they prefer results, and replicable ones at that. Even so, a few far-seeing hospitals (Toronto’s Hospital for Sick Children, for one) and some medical specialties (genetic counselling and developmental pediatrics) have begun to introduce the conversation into their training. But it should be standard practice, for the sake of the doctors as much as the parents.
The value of the human spirit, even at its subtlest and most obscure, is a question the whole world always needs to question, and answer.
The Boy in the Moon has won three prestigious Canadian awards and Ian Brown's reporting and writing have won more than a dozen national magazine and newspaper awards.
Cindy Matthews is a vice-principal of special education programs in Southwestern Ontario and writes as a freelancer for a variety of educational magazines. She's written for BLOOM, and now she's looking for some input from our families for an article she's writing for the Special Needs Opportunity Window (SNOW).
I have been asked by SNOW to do an article on the use of technology in schools by mid August. I would like to get some background from parents and students who are interested in e-mailing me at cindy_matthews@wrdsb.on.ca. I'd love to hear your answers to the following!
What kinds of technology did the teachers use and how was it beneficial (or not beneficial)? Did you, as a student with special needs, ever feel learning was not accessible? What might you have changed if you could?
A wonderful social worker here at Holland Bloorview sent me a list of commonly asked questions by parents. 'How to explain your child's disability' was at the top of the list.
This made me wince a bit because when my son was younger I was more proactive in explaining his differences -- both to him and to others. But somehow I seem to have lost my touch.
Because of Ben's communication problems I've never been forced to answer questions because he asks them. When I do bring up the topic it's intentional and from my perspective. I probably don't talk about some of the harder aspects of his condition in a way I would if he was to question me directly.
I honestly don't know how much he thinks about his differences or whether he just accepts that he is different. The only recent question I remember is Ben asking when Darcy and I grew tall. He has severe short stature.
When Ben was young I explained his differences in a simple and functional way. For example 'he knows what he wants to say but his muscles won't listen to him.' Or 'he doesn't grow the way other kids grow.' Or 'he uses sign language to talk.' Or 'that's just the way his ears were when he was born.'
I had a more sophisticated explanation ready for the later years. I would explain that our genes are like an alphabet that when put into words and sentences tells the body how to work. But Ben is missing a couple of letters. So his body isn't getting the right instructions.
I've only used this explanation once, when one of my daughters had questions. But in general my other kids don't ask questions about Ben. And sometimes I think that's because they know it's still a painful subject for me.
I know it's my job to educate and reassure them. But sometimes I just don't have it in me to be upbeat and okay with his syndrome.
There's also a part of me that sees Ben as 'different' but not disabled and somehow lacking, which seems to be the common public understanding of the word disability. So there's a part of me that bristles against putting the focus on his disabilities when talking with him, his siblings or others. I’d much rather talk about how many fish he caught at camp or how his being fills us up so full that when he’s away our chests hurt. The first couple of days, we kept thinking we could hear him and had to remind ourselves that no, he was gone.
And perhaps there is even a part of me that wants to deny some of his disabilities. For example his intellectual disability. Maybe there's a part of me that believes that if I just don't talk about it, it isn't real.
Ben wasn't diagnosed with an intellectual disability until he was 13. He is hard to test, and the first thing the psychologist said when she finished was: "He doesn't have mental retardation. He has the ability to reason." Then he scored worse on the tests than she expected.
When we were preparing for his life plan day, one of the descriptors he chose to share was that he was smart (in addition to gentle and funny). And he is, in an unconventional way.
I was reminded of how I really don't like explaining Ben's disabilities the other day when I met with Gary Bunch, a scholar in inclusion at York University. Gary agreed to meet with me to talk about Ben's school placement next year.
Ben is not going back to his segregated school. He is going to a regular high school that has a unit for students who are deaf and hard of hearing. These students don't have intellectual or physical disabilities. They are quite typical other than their hearing loss. They have some classes in the unit and go with interpreters into regular classes as well. Ben wouldn't normally be placed in this program because our board groups children in special-ed by intelligence (I wonder if I’d developed my alopecia young if I’d have been placed in a class for only bald kids!).
The board is allowing this placement because I pushed for it and involved our school trustee and superintendents.
I have a lot of concerns about how Ben will do, but I know that I don't want him to live his entire life in a segregated setting and now is the time to prepare him for a larger future. As I spoke with Gary about the transition he reminded me of how important it will be for me to educate the teachers and students about Ben.
We never told Ben that he had an intellectual disability when he was diagnosed. I realize this probably goes against parenting and disability ‘best practices’ but a part of me didn't want to tell him that it's so much harder for him to learn. I was sick of the multiple health and physical disabilities he was already dealing with. Every time we got a new diagnosis, it felt like a part of him was being taken away. I didn't want to take anything else from him.
For some reason, talking about how his muscles don't work properly is so much easier than saying that his brain doesn't work properly. I don't want to tell him that, much less describe it to a class of high school students.
But I guess it's a part of coming to terms with my son’s syndrome, something I thought I had already done so long ago. It surprises me when it sneaks up on me, the grief and resistance that is still there after all these years.
A study to be published in the August issue of Intellectual & Developmental Disabilities looks at factors associated with paid work during high school for students with severe disabilities. The study is covered in an article on Suite 101.
Of those, 31 per cent had an intellectual disability, 17 per cent had multiple disabilities and 11 per cent had autism.
Students with intellectual disability had almost four times the odds of working than those with autism.
Parent expectations are strong predictors of success in finding work for these students. "Students whose parents expected them to eventually become self-supporting had significantly increased odds of having paid work compared to students whose parents did not expect them" to do so. Students who had regular chores were more likely to go on to paid work.
I came across this cool photo by Jamie MacDonald of an accessible ballet class we wrote about last year: Katie's ballet dream comes true.
Of interest to those of you who read about the GQ story that refers to 'Style Down Syndrome' in slamming Boston as the worst-dressed in the nation.
This is a story that D'Arcy wrote about Ben (above, in a much earlier photo) and read at his Life Plan day. It's a beautiful piece because he totally pegs Ben when he calls him a serial giggler. When I first read it, I was going to 'edit' it, as D'Arcy's take on some events is very different from mine. But this is D'Arcy's story as much as Ben's, so I didn't touch it. Louise
Ben is a giggler. A serial giggler. No one knows when a fit of the giggles will catch him; at the dinner table; in the pool, gazing out the car window; late at night curled up in bed.
"What's so funny?!" I always ask. But he never tells me. Of all the riddles that surround Ben, questions marks and mysteries that blanket him like a fog, I'd love to know the answer to that.
Ben has Langer-Giedion Syndrome, a rare genetic disorder. That doesn't mean much to most people, but the result is pretty easy to see. Ben is small, about the size of a six year old, though he just turned 17. He cannot speak. Instead he uses some signs, gestures, sounds. "Um-ah" is Dad. "Ma!" is no. He has weak muscles and bones that are covered with bumps that can sometimes grow so large as to be painful. Two of those bumps, on his hip and knee, had to be removed last year because they were making it hard for him to walk. Ben still limps, but he's back walking again and uses his walker and wheelchair less and less.
Movement has been a struggle for Ben for a long time. At age two, Ben was still crawling long after most kids are up and running. He went to many physiotherapists. We built tiny wooden boxes and forced his legs and feet into the proper positions to stand, climb and walk. There were hundreds of hours of these sessions when he cried -- no, screamed -- from beginning to end. But at long last, he stood and walked.
He went to specialists in Detroit, in New York City, in Syracuse who tried to understand why he couldn't talk. They poked and prodded, made him wait, asked endless questions, tried pills, potions, x-rays and surgery. They advised more therapy and when one therapy proved useless, the next was tried, and the next, and the next with Ben coaxed, begged, and pushed into endless rounds of repetition, tears and frustration. There were weeks when doctors and therapists appointments came every day.
And Ben got sick. Every winter we had season's tickets to the doctor's office. Ear infections. Because of the odd internal structure of Ben's ears, he was very much more susceptible to infections, with the fluid pooling up behind his eardrums, causing pain and reducing his hearing. He had eight sets of tubes surgically inserted in his ears to help drain the puss, each working for a short while before blocking up and being pushed out by the building tidal wave of goo.
Ben stopped growing. He was given growth hormones -- daily painful needles for months -- to no effect. He grew thin. A high-fat diet pumped cream and butter into his system. And then a G-tube -- a tube cut into his stomach, with liquid nutrients forced into him to try to get his little body to grow. The tube in his stomach had to be changed frequently, the old one yanked from his belly while he was held down screaming, a new one jabbed in and inflated.
At nursery school, Ben mostly played alone. The nannies, the moms, the other kids were unfailingly polite. But Ben couldn't communicate, and the other kids, jabbering away a mile a minute but met with stoney silence, slipped away where Ben couldn't follow.
Kindergarten at one school ended abruptly after Ben was found bound to a chair -- punishment for some minor discretion.
And then Ben was touched with a fairy sprinkling of luck. He found an alternative grade school -- Alpha -- filled with eager, compassionate kids and teachers, who brought Ben into their family. And Ben experienced the miracle of friendship -- real friends to play with, to go to birthday parties, to swap toys, to share their lives.
Ben started to read, comic books and picture books, gazing at them for hours, going back to the same ones over and over. And computer games, a source of endless mirth and often the spark for an explosion of giggles. He had electronic friends: Reader Rabbit, Putt Putt, Freddy Fish, Pajama Sam and printed ones, Geronimo Stilton and Captain Underpants. The real world Ben found so hard to relate to came a little closer through the virtual world of books and games.
I have stood amazed as Ben has made his way through the world, stunned that so much pain, so little return for so much effort, has left him not bitter and disconnected, but happy, open and even at times serene. I have said more than once that Ben is like a balm for my soul. On my worst days, I can come home and melt into his little arms, swallowed up by calm. Ben bears no grudges, makes no judgments, accepts all faults. And he is always ready for a good laugh.
So, I'd like to know why Ben giggles. But not because I need an answer. I just want to join in the fun.
Recently we were referred to the local agency providing service for youth with intellectual disabilities. We wanted a consultation with a behaviour management person to see if we could reduce Ben's tendency to pick at scabs when anxious.
I was asked to send a copy of Ben's most recent psychological report. I was surprised when the intake person called back to say that they wanted to look at previous reports because Ben's scores might be too high to be eligible for their service.
The intake person said the agency only served youth with moderate to severe intellectual disabilities that place them below the 1st percentile. However, among the disability community, this organization is known as serving youth with intellectual disabilities period. When I asked my colleagues if they knew this provider only served a segment of this population, they did not.
I didn't have previous reports handy, so I had to contact the psychologist and sign a release consent to get copies. If I didn't work at Holland Bloorview, I would have had to make a trip to pick them up. Tomorrow my husband will take them into work to fax them.
Parents don't have time to play these games. My son requires a service and was referred to this agency by his developmental pediatrician.
It's amazing how many programs are closed to youth because they are either "too disabled" or not "disabled enough."
I guess we will wait while the agency's psychologist pores over these lengthy reports to see if he or she can find a way to exclude my son.
Ben slept fantastic last night. The storm was brutal but we got through it. Ben and I just got back from fishing. He caught 4 fish and we saw a huge turtle. Was amazing.
I contacted Dr. Larry Fenton, a pediatric palliative care doctor in South Dakota who had an invited comment published in the American Journal of Medical Genetics this month. He said he would "be honoured" to see it reprinted here.
We have talked before about quality-of-life measures that are based on how "most people" would rate life with a severe disability with life without: Is life with disability half as good as life without?
"How easy it is to assume we know what a good quality of life is for anyone other than ourselves," Dr. Fenton writes. See below. Louise
Pediatric Palliative Care Sanford Children’s Hospital, Sanford School of Medicine, University of South Dakota, Sioux Falls, South Dakota
Not too long ago I was privileged to speak at an annual international conference of the Support Organization For Trisomy 18, 13 and Related Disorders (SOFT). I learned much more than I taught. There were over 200 families there. Approximately half of the families were bereaved parents of a child with Trisomy 13 or 18. But then there was the other half, the half with surviving children with a trisomy. The oldest child I met was a young lady with trisomy 18 who was celebrating her 30th birthday. She was beautiful. Well dressed and impeccably groomed. She was non-ambulatory, nonverbal, and had a gastrostomy. But she surely knew her parents, she smiled at them and touched them with affection. There were many others with a wide distribution of ages. I met 16-year-old Karah and her siblings 11-year-old Olivia and 9-year-old Spencer. Karah’s smile as she hugs her siblings is contagious. Olivia had written a wonderful tribute to Karah in which she wished that others could see Karah’s heart in the same way she did. She loved her deeply and wanted others to do the same. I met a family with an adorable 3-year-old with trisomy 13. She was walking and squealing and smiling and relating to her parents. Must be a mosaic I thought but then her physician mom told me that chromosomes were done at Boston Children’s and she was a full trisomy. I saw a room full of families with children with trisomies and yes, they had profound disabilities. But the room was filled with smiles and laughter and all of the sounds of people enjoying one another. A room full of longterm survivors. After nearly 40 years as a neonatologist and now several years as a pediatric palliative care physician, I considered long-term trisomy survivors a statistical rarity. Forget the statistics and the rarity. This was a room full of families having fun with their children. Each one was different, each with a distinct personality, each with the dignity of full personhood. I do not want to minimize the struggles these families go through. One mom said that most were just inches away from losing it completely on many days and that sometimes it was just hard to get out of bed to face changing a diaper on her 20-year-old. But, these parents would not have it any other way.
I learned very quickly that the three words these families never wanted to hear from physicians and others who provide care were ‘‘Quality of Life.’’ I was somewhat taken aback because as a palliative care physician I frequently use these words to describe what we do in terms of helping families cope, helping children deal with pain and other symptoms so that life may be as good as it can be up to and including the time of dying. Good palliative care is much more about living than dying. Apparently for these families, the phrase ‘‘quality of life’’ had been used by the medical establishment in judgmental ways perhaps in times of giving advice with regard to treatment or just general commentary. A remark soon after birth that sounds like, ‘‘I’m afraid your child won’t have a very good quality of life’’ may seem innocent but it is not. How easy it is to assume we know what a good quality of life is for anyone other than ourselves. We assess the burdens of care, the impact on siblings, the impact on parental relationships, the impact on finances and the utilization of resources. We perform ethical analyses assuming we truly understand how to apply beneficence or maleficence to a child with trisomy 18 or 13 or any other disorder in which there may be profound disability. As if the child can tell us what he or she is feeling. But we can do our best to assess and treat pain and discomfort. Smiles and laughter need no score pad. We know what they mean. The advice we give may often be centered around our personal notions about quality of life. As a profession we are far from all being on the same page with such advice as was recently well described by Janvier et al. [2011] in an ethical case discussion about a child with trisomy 18. They point out the absence of data on outcome of procedures done on children with trisomy 18.
I write this not to advocate for any particular point of view except to advocate for a willingness to do whatever it takes, however long it takes, however many consults and team members it takes to fully inform and understand the goals, values and aspirations parents may have for their children. Once we have done that we need to honor the parents by helping them achieve those goals whether it is comfort care alone, a full court press or something in between. Regardless of the choices of the family, they deserve our respect, our affirmation, our support, and part of our own humanity as we try to do our part to make their lives and the lives of their children as good as can be. Is not the privilege of doing that exactly why we are here?
The following piece was written in response to our recent posts on the mental-health impacts of parenting kids with disabilities. This story was submitted by a blogger who is known to many of you for her wisdom, compassion and humour. And now -- courage. She wonders if there are others out there like her.
I am educated, self-reliant, and was nurtured in a secure, loving home. I ended up, however, in a psychologically-abusive relationship. Psychological abuse leaves the victim blaming herself and questioning her own perceptions over the behaviour of the abusive partner.
Over an 11-year period, I slowly but surely abandoned everything -- family, job, friends -- to care for my child. My spouse could not, or would not, ever do it on his own.
First he insisted that help was required from staff or myself. Then the rule became that there must be two people at home at all times -- staff and myself, or spouse and staff. And when there was no staff, it had to be me and him.
I let go of everything that stressed him out. And stressed he was, with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. But it was never enough. I could not open a window or it would cause allergies. I could not make a morning coffee until he was watching our child a foot away from the bed.
I could not go out unless I had permission and there was 'enough coverage.' As a result, I haven't been alone in the house for at least nine years. But I believed it was for 'the cause' -- our child -- and that my spouse was an exceptional man for sacrificing so much for her.
He believed it was only our unwavering hyper-vigilance and constant focus on 'improvement' which kept her alive and well. No staff was good enough, no doctor, no therapist, no school. As my world got smaller, so did my child's. We lived in a room, watching constantly for 'trouble.'
It was through blogging that I came to understand what was happening to me. I became acquainted with a whole world of disability, and caregivers of the severely disabled. I learned how they lived and became acutely aware that something was very wrong in my world.
I got counselling, often in secret. Counselling helps the abused step back cognitively and process the situation, so that she can understand the nature of the relationship and the abuse. It also provides tools to help the victim develop better boundaries so that she can extricate herself from the relationship.
It took me over a year to ask for a divorce. Interestingly, it was my spouse's insistence that we get couple's counselling that reinforced my decision. I became aware of my issues, was able to see where I was off-track in my perceptions, and learned what to do to move ahead. My spouse was shocked that the therapist didn't get me to 'see the error' of my ways.
Now, as I finally plan to leave, child in tow, my partner says I am selfish and am causing our daughter to suffer more, deteriorate and even die.
I am on my way out. There is a long road ahead. I will have to deal with my spouse for as long as I have 'our' child. But I have the tools and the growing self-confidence to speak up and move forward in life. In the end, it will benefit not only me, but my beautiful disabled child, who, along with me, will gain a new life.
I started him on Kumon reading but figured I would always have to fill the letter blanks in. It's hard for him, but he's doing it now. And he'll even do a whole book by himself -- quite miraculous considering the degree of his attention problems.
A week ago, while we were in Chicago, I had a bit of an epiphany. Not only was I filled with angst about my son’s future, grief that he won’t follow the conventional path, and anger at the injustice of it all, but I was also worried about me.
I know that’s not something we parents acknowledge often. It seems awfully selfish. Guilt prevents us from talking about it. But when a child won’t be independent as an adult, it’s hard not to picture your life subsumed by their care.
“My son is turning 30 next week and I’m having a difficult time with it,” DeeAnn said in a comment. “While other parents my age are becoming empty nesters, I am still dealing with a ‘child’ who is completely dependent on me.”
Much of my day and head space is still spent caring and advocating for Ben. There’s a school lunch to be made, help with dressing and medicine and leg stretches in the morning. After work, I sit with him to do Kumon or send an e-mail or read Harry Potter or get him to answer questions with one of his Proloquo pages – which I design by downloading photos and creating the grids.
There are numerous e-mails and calls related to school advocacy (more on that in an upcoming post) and funding. I have hired Plan Toronto to help me develop Ben’s support network.
And now we’re exploring a voice device for him. I know from the ones we’ve abandoned in the past the tremendous amount of time that goes into setting something up. Of course it would all be worth it if there was an intuitive system that was easy to use, but I haven’t seen one like that yet.
There is lifting him in and out of the bath, or carrying him up the stairs on my back (even though I’m not supposed to, and he can walk now). Washing his hair.
I still have to close the bathroom door for him because he forgets, and remind him to wash his hands and his face, and clean his eyeglasses and give him his hearing aids to put in. I still have to change said hearing aids' batteries.
He goes to camp for a month this Sunday, and while I know I need the break, I know I will miss him terribly. And worry about him and whether the worker with him can multi-task the myriad of things that need to be managed to get him through the day.
But till age 21, he will have school during the day which gives us a structured break. After 21, I feel that I have to magically whip up seven meaningful days a week – with things like volunteer work, recreation, continous learning and maybe even some kind of job (or business – that’s what many parents do, create a full-fledged business that their child can work in or own).
I’m trying to rein myself in and just focus on the next year, while doing some long-term planning (such as the support network).
But in Chicago, I couldn’t help feeling that when my child is an adult, I want some kind of natural separation, some space for myself.
I think it’s one thing to create an adult life for your child with disabilities. But it’s quite another to do that AND have your own interests, activities and private time. To follow your own dreams.
The pic above is of me on a Bixi bike in downtown Toronto. A couple of months ago D'Arcy and I had a worker stay over for the night and we went to a hotel. We spent the afternoon riding along Queen St. W. on these bikes and I felt like a carefree teenager (well, if you know me, I've never been quite 'carefree!')
I'd love to hear from parents who have struck a good balance between caring for themselves and caring for an adult child with disabilities. Louise
This is a piece for parents of children with intellectual disabilities, but is relevant to all parents.
It's written by Caroline McGraw. Caroline is program director at a L'Arche in Washington, DC, and has a younger brother, Willie, who has autism. L'Arche is a non-profit, faith-based organization that creates homes where people with and without intellectual disabilities share life together. Caroline also does motivational coaching and support planning for caregivers and parents.
I thought this piece was relevant given our discussion about mental-health impacts of high-needs parenting. Louise
I recently posted about a study of dads of young adults with autism who had high rates of clinical depression and were pessimistic about their child's future: Dads and depression. I was surprised that we didn't get a single comment.
Last night I was reading some blogs I follow and was struck by these two parents who recount the psychological toll of parenting a child (or children) with complex needs:
I've lived in fear for the past 3 years (this is an amazing blog by one of Holland Bloorview's family leaders, Cheryl Peters).
It seems that depression and anxiety are part of the package of raising a child with complex disabilities. One study of moms of youth with autism likened their stress level to that of combat soldiers.
I think the mental-health impact of raising children with disabilities in our culture is a bit taboo and minimized.
Today we have a guest post from Stacey Moffat, a teacher, writer and mother to three, including Carter, 8, above, in Kitchener, Ont. I was interested in the topic of voice devices because we are pursuing one for Ben. We have abandoned many in the past because we always found the technology archaic and clunky and a disincentive to using. It seems that different programs are popular in different geographic regions. Tell us about what your child uses and why! Thanks! Louise
I gazed at the symbols on the voice output device shown to me by the speech therapist and I felt perplexed. The symbols were abstract and I found the system confusing.
I was used to picture symbols where one picture represents one word. Nouns of course, were easiest to represent: dog was shown by a picture of a dog and apple a picture of an apple. For more complex words like ‘in,’ positioning was shown with an arrow pointing into a box.
The language on this device was Minspeak. With Minspeak, the relationship between the symbol and the word it represents is not always obvious. For example, on this device the picture of a mountain with the sun going down behind it meant ‘get.'
To me, having a system that used pictures that didn’t clearly represent the meaning of each word seemed confusing. Unfortunately I wasn't given a thorough explanation about how Minspeak and Minspeak Application Programs work. Instead I was told that it wouldn’t matter what system I chose for my son because he would do well with anything.
But, I thought to myself, if I can’t understand the language and symbol set on a chosen device how would Carter, a boy with a developmental delay?
I decided to move forward with choosing a device based solely on size, thinking that portability was top priority for Carter. He is mobile and a very active boy. I wanted Carter to be able to take his device wherever he went.
Thankfully, before any paperwork was put in place for obtaining a device, I travelled to Pittsburgh for a conference put on by CASANA where I attended a workshop about Augmentative and Alternative Communication (AAC).
Here are some things I learned at the workshop that were tremendously helpful and steered me away from focusing on size and portability and instead toward choosing a system that fosters language development and maximizes language output.
I learned that portability and compactness do not necessarily go hand-in-hand with user friendliness and easily accessible language.
I learned that the more words that are accessible to the user on the main page of a device the better – these are called core words. They are words that are used frequently and repeatedly in the English language (e.g. want, put, get, me, my, here, there, etc.). It is most advantageous for users to have as many core words accessible to them as possible.
It was explained to me that having a variety of pages set up with different themes (a page for playing cars, a page for circle time at school) can become cumbersome to users. Systems with this type of set-up are often abandoned because users get tired of having to navigate through a web of pages in order to say what they want to say. Having several pages to sort through slows down the output of speech which can cause frustration. Never mind the fact that caregivers, teachers and therapists can often spend hours programming devices with vocabulary around specific activities only to have the child use the programmed words on a very limited basis.
I learned that there are just too many words in the English language to have every word represented by one picture. Add to that the fact that not all words lend themselves to being represented by a picture. This takes us back to my earlier example where ‘get’ was represented by a picture of a mountain with the sun going down behind it. With Minspeak certain pictures can represent up to five different words.
Minspeak Application Programs can seem quite overwhelming and difficult to understand. However, if you are willing to take the time to learn about them through direct experience you soon discover that while Minspeak is a language unlike any other, it is logical and well organized.
The clincher for me was the fact that systems using Minspeak focus on language development, not just language output. For children with limited speech that means becoming competent with language so that they can build sentences word by word. Unfortunately this process does not allow device users to speak as rapidly as those with typical speech. However, by learning to build his own phrases, I feel that Carter is more empowered when expressing himself. Rather than being limited to pre-programmed sentences that someone else has put in his device he is learning to voice his own thoughts and opinions, and how he feels about something.
There is an application that allows the Minspeak language system to be downloaded onto your home computer. By downloading the program you can then play around with the system and get to know it and understand it before committing to this type of set-up for yourself or your child. Having it accessible on a computer can be helpful for therapists or others who work with your child because it enables them to get to know the system and also gives them a system on which to model language building for the user.
When Carter’s voice output device finally arrived, it would have been icing on the cake if he'd punched the buttons in order to tell us what he’s had on his mind all these years. Unfortunately that was not how things unfolded. Carter has a lot of work ahead of him. There are still significant gaps in his expressive language. At almost eight years old, he is very much like a toddler learning about, experimenting with and building his language skills.
When I explain Carter’s language challenges to those who are interested I like to compare his situation to that of someone trying to learn French or any other language. Learning a new language requires numerous lessons and a lot of practice. Learning to use a voice device with the Minspeak language is no different.
I’m thankful that I took the time to do more research about Minspeak. Carter is extremely motivated by finally having a voice with which to express himself and he is building his language skills one step at a time.
As we drove west to Chicago last week I travelled a route I knew so well over 20 years ago as a university student in London, Ont.
At the time, a family neighbour in Toronto owned a Mazda dealership, and he had rented me a small blood-red Mazda 323 with a stick shift.
On the spur of the moment, I might decide at midnight on a Friday to drive the 2.5 hours back to my parents' place in Toronto. I'd hop in the Mazda -- slide in my Michael Jackson 'Man in the Mirror' tape -- and crank it.
In those days, there were no lights on the 401 at London. I would drive confidently into the vast expanse of black that enveloped the highway, headlights pregnant with promise.
A couple of hours later, I'd open the screen door of our suburban Don Mills house, reach down to pick up the key my parents left sitting on the inside latch and open the door.
I had some of the best times, and some of the worst times -- including my first severe depression -- at university. As I remembered all those miles back and forth in my little red Mazda, my chest ached because my son Ben would never enjoy the same intellectual and social experiences and freedoms.
I thought of a few things I'd read recently. One was the memoir Bad Animals by Joel Yanofsky, about life with son Jonah, who has autism. Yanofsky candidly reflects: "I was afraid that whatever progress Jonah made was not going to be enough. By which I mean -- and was as deeply ashamed to admit this seven years ago as I am now -- enough for me."
I have often remarked to D'Arcy that Ben appears to be quite happy with his life, despite its many limits and frustrations. "It only has to be enough for him," I have said. But recently, I have had to acknowledge that what pains me is the sense that it doesn't feel enough for ME!
That when D'Arcy and I walked through a courtyard at the University of Toronto recently and observed enthusiastic students-to-be touring their new home with their parents, I was filled with rage. Or that in our trendy downtown Chicago hotel populated by the iconic American family it was hard not to gape at parents with a handful of healthy children. How lucky can they get? And the flip side of that is how unfair it is that my son was one of the 3 per cent of babies born with problems and his had to be multiple. And how it's hard to acknowledge that despite years of intensive intervention, he hasn't had any major breakthroughs -- the kind regular people love to read about in kids who 'defy the odds.'
Thankfully, D'Arcy reminded me that happiness and success will look different for Ben and be defined on his own terms. He simply can't be compared to anyone. And I remembered reading a psychology book that talked about how we are each born with one unit of worth, and how it is not tied to anything we do. So, for example, babies are not less worthy because they are dependent, and people don't lose value when their abilities become compromised as they age. Human worth is inherent.
And what are the important things in life, anyway? D'Arcy asked. Is it money, looks, brains, status? Is it the appearance of perfection? At the end of the day, is that what matters? Or is it things like love, compassion, patience, acceptance?
In a culture that views disability as a tragedy and something less than human, we parents come up against what one BLOOM commenter described as "the internal struggle that exists within every parent of a child with a disability -- the desire to accept difference and the desire to be accepted."
Author Ian Brown (The Boy in the Moon) has written an exquisite piece for the July print issue of BLOOM (June has turned into July!). It's about discovering the value of children who won't achieve conventional success as adults.
"It's the very lack of so-called "normal" expectations, the absence of the possibility that we can ever "achieve" much or even disappoint each other, that frees us to be ourselves with each other, to remember who we are and what actually matters as opposed to what is supposed to matter," Brown writes. "That is a great, great gift -- and I say that as someone who hates to use the words "disability" and "gift" in the same sentence. I am beginning to realize that the world I occupy with Walker, my intellectually disabled son, is almost by definition anti-establishment: a world where social orthodoxy and conventional wisdom and received opinions have very little value. That turns out to be a good vantage point."
By Tina Szymczak In 2010, our darkest times as a family, I began to use the analogy of a swimming pool to describe the difficult parts ...
By Louise Kinross Today is Bell Let’s Talk day and we want to join the dialogue by talking about mental health and parenting childre...
By Sue Robins In the foyer of every elementary school there's a gaggle of moms standing in a tight circle, waiting ...
By Louise Kinross Disability is personal. It’s part of identity. When your child has significant disabilities, it becom...
About half of the parents and professionals who've filled out our BLOOM survey so far have asked for more stories on families raisin...
Many of you will remember our interview with filmmaker Kelly O'Brien, whose film Softening documents life with her s...
By Louise Kinross “When I was seven, I asked when I was going to get my chair,” says Elijah Wangeman, 14 (above left), in an unedit...
By Louise Kinross I read R. J. Palacio’s book Wonder —about a boy called Auggie with a craniofacial condition that elicits stares an...
By Louise Kinross A few year's back it was suggested to me that a great co-op placement for my son was to work in a school separ...
By Louise Kinross David James Savarese, known as DJ or Deej, has autism and doesn't speak. As a young child, he was placed in foster ...
A Family Like Mine; video; disability; Parent-talk; cerebral palsy; arts; siblings; accessibility; adulthood; services
children's books; art; graphic short stories; disability; parenting; teasing; social exclusion; inclusion; grandparents;
social work; Staff-stories; parenting; disability; acquired brain injury; orthopedic surgery; spinal-cord injury; resilience; Coping and Emotions
Staff-stories; orthopedic surgery; teaching; patient and family-centred care; cerebral palsy; emotions;
The BLOOM blog welcomes comments from readers on issues that affect parents of children with disabilities. We moderate comments to ensure they’re on-topic and respectful. We don’t post comments that attack people or organizations.
Did anyone every say that blogging was fun? 3 Ineffective Homepage Features You Should Stop Using Now
Just because you want to have a customized car, it does not mean that you want to spend to spend a lot of money. There are many different things that you will be able to purchase which will allow you to be able to get the kinds of parts that you will need for less money. Choosing these parts does not mean that you will have to settle for less quality. In fact, you will be able to have parts which... Continue Reading
Certified premium mufflers. We accept atm cards for payment. Our preferred brands include atm, borja, borla, borla exhaust, borla performance mufflers, brother, canon, cat back systems, cat-back systems, custom, dynomax, dynomax performance exhaust, flowmaster, k&n, konica, lanier, magna flow, magnaflow, magnaflow performance, magnaflow performance mufflers and royal copystar. We can assist you with 3" & 4" & 5" exhaust, all foreign & domestic cars, atm, california approved obd ii catalytic converters , catalytic converters, catalytic convertors, custom, custom exhaust, custom high performance exhaust systems , exhaust manifold, exhaust systems, fleet & contract services, free estimates, headers, high performance, high performance cat- back systems , high performance exhaust specialist , high performance exhaust systems , lifetime warranty on mufflers and catalytic converters , miscellaneous welding, mufflers installed while you wait , mufflers installed while you wait! , performance cat-back systems, performance exhaust, rvs & fleet work welcome, rvs & fleet work welcomed, stock mufflers, turbo mufflers and turbos. We've been in business since 1971. Open 6 days. Open for business mon-sat.
If you have used the services of Speedway Muffler we'd love to hear from you! Use the form below to review and comment on your experience.
Auto - Specialist .net does not guarantee the accuracy or timeliness of any information on this site.
Arrowhead Intermodal Services, LLC is pleased to announce the launch of their brand-new website. The site’s focus remains on the key services of the company such as depot services, refrigeration services, maintenance and repair and mobile repairs.
However, a page is now specifically dedicated to the sale of intermodal equipment such as generator sets, chassis and modified containers of all shapes and sizes.
“The equipment sales side of the business has been operational for a number of months.” said President and CEO, Joshua Cooley. “We will be retaining our focus on our core business but we now see the equipment sales side of the business making a significant contribution in 2018 and beyond.”
“We have launched our website and embraced social media for the first time to connect with our customers, suppliers and staff.”
The social media pages include a company page on LinkedIn and corporate pages on the major social media sites: Facebook, Instagram and Twitter.
Our Careers Portal is a powerful collection of resources – including links to job-search websites, resume templates, videos, and articles full of career advice.
If you’ve begun one of our Career Transition or Coaching programs, use this portal to help you along the way. Just Login below using the password we emailed you. Once logged in, you can also change your password or contact details if you like.
February 11, 2018 By cancercurehere with Comments Off on Popular aortic aneurysms are characterized by chronic inflammatory cell infiltration. TNF-
Popular aortic aneurysms are characterized by chronic inflammatory cell infiltration. TNF- or lipopolysaccharide (LPS), is certainly needed for the account activation of toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4) ending in Meters1 macrophage polarization.83 This phenotypic polarization leads to creation of various M1 indicators such as inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS), TNF-, IL-1, and various other pro-inflammatory mediators (Desk 3). Feature cell surface area indicators, including those linked with antigen display such as Compact disc86 and Compact disc80, can additional recognize (Glp1)-Apelin-13 manufacture these cells as Meters1 macrophages. The M1 macrophage products may produce (Glp1)-Apelin-13 manufacture a positive opinions loop producing in chronic inflammation and significant tissue damage. Table 3 Macrophage differentiation, function, and role in disease In AAAs, examination of these M1 markers in human tissues and in experimental animal models has yielded noteworthy results. Many studies have focused on the finding of novel biomarkers in AAA patient serum. Through these studies, experts have recognized some potential targets, which are associated with the M1 phenotype. Although human studies of macrophages in AAA have been (Glp1)-Apelin-13 manufacture limited to examination of end stage disease tissue or circulating monocytes, important findings have emerged. Circulating monocytes from AAA patients displayed enhanced adhesive activity to the endothelial cell wall and increased MMP-9 production.84 Although these monocytes were not studied specifically for M1 or M2 markers, their presence suggests a systemic inflammatory response, which would be expected due to the presence of high levels of MMP-9 resulting Rabbit polyclonal to LRIG2 in tissue breakdown. Hance et al. showed that monocyte chemotaxis to AAA tissues can end (Glp1)-Apelin-13 manufacture up being connected to break down of the ECM straight, via a six-peptide series (VGVAPG) discovered mainly in elastin specifically.85 Trial and error animal research have got proven that blocking the existence of the VGVAPG series with a monoclonal antibody reduces monocyte/macrophage recruitment limiting further ECM breakdown.86C88 These ECM break down items act as pro-inflammatory mediators, further enrolling monocytes and promoting their difference into M1 macrophages. Once started, the quality of this inflammatory response is normally less likely. Several cell surface area indicators are linked with (Glp1)-Apelin-13 manufacture Meters1 macrophage polarization. Compact disc14 serves as a co-receptor with TLR4, which is required for Meters1 polarization through the LPS and IFN- activation path.89 Latest research demonstrated that patients with AAAs possess elevated amounts of CD14+CD16+ monocytes likened to control patients, recommending these monocytes might end up being linked with the chronic inflammatory practice of AAA.90 CD16, a low affinity Fc receptor for IgG antibodies involved in antibody-dependent cytotoxicity, is associated with an Meters1 macrophage polarization also.91 Experimental aneurysm models indicated that CD14 removal reduced inflammatory cell infiltration therefore reducing AAA incidence.92 With the enhance in Compact disc indicators linked with elevated pro-inflammatory functions, it is normally clear that the Meters1 phenotype performs a key function in AAAs, in least in the second item levels of disease when tissues sample are attained. Evaluation of pro-inflammatory cytokines in AAAs provides been even more comprehensive and provides led to many treatment strategies concentrated on their antagonism. Meters1 linked pro-inflammatory cytokines TNF-, IL-6, IL-1, and IFN- had been all elevated in individual aneurysmal tissues and serum (Desk 4).30,31 IFN- is one stimulus that activates Meters1 macrophage polarization, and removal of IFN- in experimental mouse kinds inhibited aneurysm macrophage and formation infiltration.28 Another M1 associated cytokine, TNF-, stimulates M1 macrophage polarization resulting in further TNF- creation. Hereditary removal of TNF- or antibody-mediated sequestration with Infliximab decreased macrophage infiltration and.
February 26, 2017 By cancercurehere with Comments Off on Vascular permeability factor/vascular endothelial growth factor (VPF/VEGF) one of the crucial
Vascular permeability factor/vascular endothelial growth factor (VPF/VEGF) one of the crucial pro-angiogenic factors functions as a potent inhibitor of endothelial PF-562271 cell (EC) apoptosis. inactivation of p53 pathways and FoxOs as PF-562271 well as activation of p21. This study by elucidating the mechanisms that govern VPF/VEGF-induced EC survival signaling NRP-1 contributes to a better understanding of molecular mechanisms of cardiovascular development and disease and widens the possibilities for better therapeutic targets. Introduction Apoptosis of the endothelial cell (EC) has been suggested to play an important role in a number of common and PF-562271 life-threatening vascular diseases such as atherosclerosis hypertension and restenosis [1]-[5]. EC apoptotic death-induced loss of EC number and EC dysfunction may constitute a short causative part of and have a crucial part in the improvement of several vascular pathological circumstances by diminishing vascular wall structure permeability to cytokines development elements lipids and immune system cells increasing soft muscle tissue cell proliferation and improving bloodstream coagulation [6]-[8]. Nevertheless the cascade of molecular occasions that precede these last outcomes is basically unfamiliar. The intracellular signaling that PF-562271 regulates the onset and execution of apoptosis offers only been partly elucidated [9] [10]. One feasible reason behind Rabbit polyclonal to LRIG2. EC apoptosis could be the unacceptable function of development elements and their receptors [11] that are critically involved with controlling cellular differentiation growth and function. One functionally relevant vascular growth factor is vascular permeability factor/vascular endothelial growth factor (VPF/VEGF) [12] [13] that has been cited as one of the most important pro-angiogenic factors. Neuropilin-1 (NRP-1) was recently found to be one of the VPF/VEGF receptors which is expressed in EC and functions as an isoform-specific receptor for VPF/VEGF [14] [15]. Although the original evidence suggests that the function of NRP-1 in VPF/VEGF signaling in EC occurs the formation of complexes involving VEGFR-2 and NRP-1 [14] [15] our findings and those of others have identified that NRP-1 regulates EC migration and adhesion to extracellular matrix proteins independently of VEGFR-2 [16] [17]. Moreover recently published data by Pan indicated that NRP-1 is crucial to modulating EC motility thus demonstrating that it plays roles beyond acting as an enhancer of VEGFR2 signaling [18]. These observations suggest the possibility that NRP-1 may either interact with other signaling receptors or independently promote cell signaling. The latter is supported by our further studies in which we revealed that the C-terminal three amino acids of NRP-1 (SEA-COOH) can interact with neuropilin-1 interacting protein (NIP also called RGS-GAIP-interacting protein ) which mediates EC migration and angiogenesis [19]. Nevertheless the molecular mechanisms of the downstream signaling of GIPC and its related function towards NRP-1 are not well understood. Early in 1995 Alon reported that VPF/VEGF could function as a potent inhibitor PF-562271 of apoptosis of ECs comprising newly formed retinal vessels in neonatal rats exposed to hypoxia [20]. Subsequently Jain reported VPF/VEGF could protect EC of newly formed immature tumor vessels [21]. Considerable progress has also been made towards delineating the VPF/VEGF survival signaling distal to the activation of VEGFR-2 [22]-[25]. However a recent study found that the embryonic stem cell death pathway is overruled by a survival pathway during prolonged hypoxia (48 h) in a process involving HIF-1α-dependent up-regulation of VPF/VEGF which in an autocrine action involving VEGFR-2 and NRP-1 protects against apoptosis [26]. Barr and co-workers [27] showed that NRP-1 plays an essential role in autocrine antiapoptotic signaling by VPF/VEGF in tumor cells and that an NRP-1-blockade with an anti-NRP-1 peptide corresponding to exon 7 [28] of VEGF165 induces tumor cell and EC apoptosis. However a VEGFR-2-blockade only induces EC apoptosis [27] which suggests that both VEGFR-2 and NRP-1 play an important role in VPF/VEGF-mediated EC survival signaling. It also suggests that they may function together as a receptor complex. More interestingly Bachelder’s study found that NRP-1 supported VPF/VEGF autocrine function and further cell survival and chemotaxis in tumor cells lacking expression of VEGFR-1 and VEGFR-2 [29] [30]. To date it is unknown whether NRP-1 can mediate VPF/VEGF-induced survival in EC independent of VEGFR-2 and the involved molecular signaling events. By selectively activating NRP-1 in cell culture and by using a reverse genetic strategy.
February 16, 2017 By cancercurehere with Comments Off on The development of cell-cell junctions was a fundamental step in metazoan
The development of cell-cell junctions was a fundamental step in metazoan evolution and human health depends on the formation and function of cell junctions. the apical junction and an apically-directed actin flow generated by NMII contraction.45 As a major force generator and component of adherens junctions NMII may also have yet to be discovered roles at the junction. Myo1e at Specialized Glomerular Junctional Complexes Class I myosins are single-headed motors with short tails that bind to lipid membranes.46 They are phylogenetically ancient and are found in amoebae fungi and animals. Many organisms express several class I myosins; the slime mold expresses seven46 and humans express eight class I myosins.3 Myo1a one of the best known class I myosins forms a link between the plasma membrane and the actin filaments of intestinal microvilli.47 Myo1e (initially called human myosin-1c or myr3) has a longer tail that contains both a membrane-binding domain and an SH3 domain48 (Fig.?1). Myo1e is ubiquitously expressed with the highest levels in kidney prostate colon liver and ovary.49 Notably Myo1e in kidney is predominantly found in the glomerulus and its podocytes which are epithelial cells that extend “foot processes” to wrap around glomerular capillaries.50 Myo1e localizes to cell junctions in several cell types. Myo1e localizes with β-catenin at the adherens junction in intestine and kidney.51 52 In Caco-2 cells a human colon carcinoma cell line used as a model for small intestine Myo1e is enriched at the apical cell junctions in spreading cells and mature monolayers.51 In cultured monolayers of mouse podocyte Necrostatin 2 racemate cells Myo1e frequently localizes to cell-cell contacts and may be needed for proper actin organization.52 Renal glomeruli from Myo1e knockout mice show disrupted podocyte foot processes as well as thickened and disorganized glomerular basement membranes leading to impaired renal function.50 52 Disruption in the cytoskeleton of the Rabbit polyclonal to LRIG2. glomerular intercellular junctional complexes has also been shown to impair renal function.53 As a class I myosin Myo1e could function to stabilize the actin cytoskeleton by binding the surrounding glomerular membrane. In Myo1e knockout studies Myo1e-deficient mice exhibit podocyte injury and impaired renal function.52 Mutations in human Myo1e are associated with familial focal segmental glomerulosclerosis an autosomal recessive disease of podocytes.50 Thus far no extrarenal defects have been identified in knockout mice or patients with Myo1e mutations. Apart from Myo1e little is known regarding class I myosins and epithelial cell junctions. Do any of the other seven class I myosins localize to or Necrostatin 2 racemate function in cell junctions? With the Necrostatin 2 racemate Myo1a knockout mouse available are there observable junctional defects? As investigations into class I myosins move forward it will be important to consider functional redundancy54 55 given the many class I myosins and the central importance of junctions in metazoan physiology and survival. Myosin-VI at Cadherin-Based Cell-Cell Contacts Myosin-VI (Myo6) is unique in that it is the only known motor that moves toward the minus end of actin filaments56 (Fig.?1). In general the plus ends of actin filaments are oriented toward the plasma membrane 57 so Myo6 might be expected to transport vesicles inward or push actin filaments outward. Myo6 arose early during the evolution of metazoans3 and is ubiquitously expressed in mammalian cells.58 Myo6 is a processive motor that can dimerize via cargo binding to the tail 59 60 Necrostatin 2 racemate and as a high duty ratio motor Myo6 spends most of its ATPase cycle bound to actin.61 Thus as a processive myosin a single Myo6 dimer is theoretically sufficient to transport a vesicle along an actin filament. Myo6 is well-known for its roles in clathrin-mediated endocytosis62 as well as endocytic trafficking and sorting.63 In epithelial cells Myo6 is also required for the polarized transport of certain proteins to the basolateral membrane.64 Importantly loss of Myo6 causes deafness in both humans65 and the mouse.66 In the inner ear hair cells Myo6 is enriched both in the vesicle-rich pericuticular necklace and in stereocilia which are mechanosensing actin-based protrusions on hair cells. In the mouse the inner ear hair cells develop disorganized and fused stereocilia 67 and a similar phenotype is observed in intestinal microvilli.68 Furthermore loss of function studies in Drosophila also indicate Myo6 is critical for epithelial morphogenesis. Drosophila Myo6 (Jaguar) deficiency disrupts dorsal closure a process of epithelial sheet fusion at the dorsal.
March 22, 2016 By cancercurehere with Comments Off on Background The purpose of the current study was to examine the
Background The purpose of the current study was to examine the factorial dimensions underlying Beck Depression Inventory-II (BDI-II) in a large ethnically and economically diverse test of postpartum ladies also to assess their relative contribution in differentiating clinical diagnoses inside a subsample of ABT-418 HCl depressed ladies. melancholy with comorbid anxiousness. The cognitive element differentiated ladies with major melancholy from ladies who were under no circumstances depressed. Restrictions Our description of clinical melancholy included shows of depression through the child’s life time and depressive symptoms weren’t necessarily current during the assessment which might impact the comparative contribution of BDI-II elements to clinical analysis. ABT-418 HCl Summary Conceptualizing the framework from the BDI-II using these three elements could donate to refining the dimension and rating of depressive symptomatology and intensity in postpartum ladies. Although somatic symptoms of melancholy may be challenging to differentiate through the physiological adjustments of normative postpartum modification our outcomes support the addition of somatic symptoms of melancholy in the computation of the BDI-II total rating. = 31.82 ((0) to (3) in history 14 days. Each item can be representative of a specific symptom of melancholy and corresponds to diagnostic criteria listed in the DSM-IV (American Psychiatric Association 1994 Total score is categorized as minimal depression (0-13) mild depression (14-19) moderate depression (20-28) or severe depression (29-63). Estimates of internal consistency reliability (coefficient α) have ranged from 0.88 to 0.94 for clinical and nonclinical adults (Arnau et al. 2001 Beck et al. 1996 Seignourel et al. 2008 In our data the internal consistency reliability was estimated to be 0.91 for the general sample (= 8.37) indicating minimal depressive symptomatology. The mean BDI-II score in Depressed women (= 8.58) indicating moderate symptoms. Table 2 shows that somatic items were more frequently rated than cognitive and affective items although the item-total correlations varied from low (“loss of interest in sex” “changes in sleeping pattern”) to high (“irritability” “concentration difficulty”). “Changes in sleeping pattern” was the most frequently endorsed symptom (90.3%) and “suicidality” was the least endorsed item (7.0%). Affective items showed high item-total correlations whereas cognitive items varied from low (“guilty feelings” and “suicidality”) to high (“self-dislike” “worthlessness”). Table 2 ABT-418 HCl Descriptive statistics and Corrected ABT-418 HCl Item-Total Correlation for each BDI-II item for the entire sample (N=953). Exploratory Factor Analysis: Sample 1 The initial sample of 953 participants was randomly divided into two groups. Sample 1 (N=478) was used to generate the factor structures and Sample 2 (N=475) was used to cross-validate the results. No statistically significant differences were found between Samples 1 and 2 Rabbit polyclonal to LRIG2. on mother’s age infant’s age or BDI-II total scores (951) < 1.64 (461)=1.09 values modification index and substantive meaningfulness of the model (Bollen 1989 As shown by the consistency across all fit indices (see Table 4) the present 3-factor model (Figure 1) provided the best fit to the observed data compared to other factor structures. Each item packed about its specified factor providing evidence for convergent validity significantly. Table 4 Match indices for model evaluations of factor constructions Contribution of Element Ratings to BDI-II Total To measure the comparative contribution of element ratings to high BDI-II ratings we tridivided the test into low scorers (total rating = 1-7 (4 1900 = 18.82 < .001. Some within-subject contrasts indicated that the reduced and middle scorers got higher somatic ratings in accordance with cognitive and affective whereas the high scorers got greater affective ratings in accordance with cognitive and somatic. Therefore the relative contribution of somatic results was in the centre and low selection of BDI-II total results. Contribution of Element Ratings to SCID Diagnosis To ABT-418 HCl examine whether BDI-II factors predict SCID-I diagnoses in the sample of high scorers we conducted a series of binomial logistic regressions in the subsample of participants with BDI-II totals > 12. For each analysis SCID-I group membership was dichotomized with the first group as the reference and regressed on the three factors using Wald’s backward elimination. The results are shown in Table 5. Table 5 Summary of logistic regression for SCID.
The Canadian Association of Naturopathic Doctors has been very active at the provincial and federal levels of government since its inception.
Participating in Health Canada's regulatory advisory committees and providing an active voice for the integration of naturopathic care into the Canadian health care system.
Advocating for regulatory changes at the federal level to ensure the quality and availability of botanical and homeopathic medicines and dietary supplements for effective patient treatment.
Naturopathic doctors and the CAND are recognized by the federal government as experts in preventative / natural medicine.
The federal government has involved CAND as a stakeholder in many new initiatives / studies regarding the future of health care in Canada.
The federal Minister of Health appointed a naturopathic doctor as Director General for the Natural Health Products Directorate position.
The federal Minister of Health appointed a naturopathic doctor as Co-chair of the Schedule A (Food and Drug Act) working group.
Naturopathic doctors will soon be regulated in Alberta, bringing the number of regulated provinces to five.
The CAND presented to the Romanow Commission on the Future of Health Care in Canada and provided follow-up information in response to further questions from Mr. Romanow.
Naturopathic doctors were one of only two groups of complementary and alternative health providers asked to participate in the Public Policy Forum on the Future of Health Care.
Naturopathic doctors continue to be expert advisors to the Natural Health Products Directorate. The Director General and four other staff members are naturopathic doctors.
The CAND was chosen by Health Canada and Human Resources Development Canada as one of six core representative groups of Complementary and Alternative Health Care Practitioners (CAHCP) involved in consultations and preparation of a situational analysis proposal for a sector study of the impact of complementary and alternative health care on health care systems.
The CAND represented naturopathic doctors in Health Canada's Schedule A Working group reviewing Schedule A of the Food and Drugs Act.
The CAND is a stakeholder participant in legislative renewal consultations for the Proposed New Canada Health Protection Act.
Engaging in continual liaison with the Federal Minister of Health regarding healthy living strategies, preventing illness and improving health.
Powered by phpBB® Forum Software © phpBB Group, Almsamim WYSIWYG Classic Shell © 2010-2016, Ivo Beltchev.
Do you speak Dutch? Or can you teach it? Do you want to learn? Are you looking for or selling learning / teaching material? This is your category.
If you have any questions about class notes submissions, please contact the Office of Marketing and Communication via email.
In the previous article, we saw how to create bars in W3CSS. In this article, we are going a step further and see how to create dropdowns using W3CSS. It is very easy to create W3CSS dropdown. You simply have to add w3-dropdown-hover class to the element. Now we want that when hover mouse on this element an element appears in the dropdown. To do so, add w3-dropdown-content class the element and wrap that element inside the parent element that contains a class “w3-dropdown-hover”. Now hovering your mouse over the parent element should make dropdown element appear beneath it.
To create a basic dropdown, create a div and add “w3-dropdown-hover” class to it. Inside the div, create a button. After the button, inside the same div, create a div with class w3-bar-block which makes this div a vertical bar. Add “w3-dropdown-content” class to the same div. This will make this div appear when mouse is hovered on its parent element. Inside the div, add w3-bar-items as you like. Take a look at the following example.
you can also use dropdown menu as cards. Add w3-card-number to the element that is to be shown in the dropdown.
Finally, you can also create right aligned dropdown elements by adding w3-right class to the parent div. Have a look at this code:
Our glorious clothing permits you to think about having your distinctive fashion to a diverse one stage in purchase that other folks will follow you. Opt for your favourite brand and decide the most effective kinds more from huge loads of countrywide as properly as intercontinental brands. Our a array of collections also indicates you are get perplexed with what to pick thereupon we make you hotlist that comes with new feeds in accordance to the most recent trend in addition to trends. People at all times employed to have a glance in your garments for that reason everyone likes it doesn't need to have to be up to date considering the developments and manner.The moms quite considerably nicely know that well-liked designer Online clothing brands are playing an essential role in the vogue marketplace. These online clothing brands style and manufacture ladies dresses that are uniquely intended and styled. Models of considerably less reputation can not style this kind of classy clothing products for girls.Therefore, you do not want to predict that the costume on promenade is to be the size of the typical dress. You really should know that you can alter a gown when it is a greater dimension. And it is hard to change a dress when it will come out with a lesser measurement. You can have a pay a visit to at the qualified tailor to evaluate you undergarments as you can have the accurate measurements. Now, you can match your measurement with the dimension chart of the dress being readily available at the online clothing store. If you do not find out the accurate dimension of the gown, you can go for a bigger measurement as you can change it easily primarily based on your measurement.The designer little ones's outfits discovered on wholesale apparel websites are typically the very same apparel observed in the retailer. Some are even produced by the very same firms. From time to time there's no big difference, and other times it's only the tag. But in actuality, if you're anxious about the tag, most occasions a tag doesn't keep inside of a shirt since of complaints of itchiness.Are you out to pay a visit to on one thing elegant? Proficiently end basking in the sunshine in research of our trendy assortment at your outfits on the net retailer. You can get totally various clothing for women which include tops, jeans, shorts, jumpsuits, dresses, skirts, trousers, swimwear, pullovers, sleepwear as well as other in selection. For probable outfit for obtainable function, exercise center, university, social collecting and some others. Moreover yow will find out some women's clothing showcased incredibly that will you to common with outfit far more exactly.Glamajama places the "bling" into their clothes, which is designed for kids and moms alike. Youngsters and teens covet this company's hip tees as properly. Glamajama has put the great again into the day-to-day t-shirt.The elegance of this strategy is that it can be utilized if you make $100,000 a year, or $20,000 a 12 months. Controlling your dollars is a phase you Have to master before you can just take the up coming move to purchasing assets. I know people who are building $40,000 a 12 months that help save 2 times as much money as all those building $100,000. What route will you acquire? The Route to Wealth starts off Here.Gucci has been a trustworthy model of the nation, is a fast reaction jet course life-style. In the earlier few years, the firm's merchandise variety of any commodity has turn into the equal accessibility to grades and recognition.Getting way too deep into these criteria is outside of the scope of this write-up so I'm going to cut to the chase. There challenge will come in two elements; Working with letter codes like Little, Medium, Massive and Further Big and clothes manufacturers using liberties with the established standards. They aren't obliged to conform to the common so there isn't likely to be any adjust in the potential. When compared to other Online clothing brands, a great rule of thumb is that Superdry clothes is roughly one size smaller. They are sized to match effectively but as most other clothing makers are receiving a lot more and much more generous with their sizing, it's far better to go for one dimension even bigger in Superdry clothes. For instance, if you are typically a medium then you purchase a massive in Superdry.Our keep also gives a precise accumulating menswear to make confident they can cause them to be up-to-date recognized by obtaining our most up-to-date collections. We provide inexpensive as well as a sensible multitude of mens fashion at your doorway entrance. We incorporate international developments as properly as substantial road types collection for our unique lovable and clever males. Our group function to carry biggest Indian and Worldwide pattern of apparel for you. Since our retailer has extra new merchandise every single week, you will get quickly current with that on-pattern. We create If you enjoyed this write-up and you would like to receive even more information pertaining to Https://Brodiedecker503.Joomla.Com/ kindly go to the web site. unique design collections for you as you thereupon we are preferred when you're a fashionin a position browsing store collectively with males and females.
A chauffeur with a name board will meet you at Baggage Claim. If you are unable to locate your chauffeur, please call Tristar on +1 978 338 1234.
Your chauffeur will meet you outside Customs. If you are unable to locate your chauffeur, please call Tristar on +1 978 338 1234.
An agent will greet you at Baggage Claim and escort you curbside, to your chauffeur. If you are unable to locate your chauffeur, please call Tristar on +1 978 338 1234.
- Arrival: getting through immigration can be very stressful, and we recommend using a meet-and-greet service such as the one Tristar Worldwide provides. We will meet you directly after you disembark from your flight, and escort you through immigration to your waiting chauffeur.- In the interests of security, Tristar Worldwide will not display our company name and brand, e.g. on uniforms or name boards, unless requested by our clients. We will always greet our clients as they exit customs. For added safety, we keep car doors locked and windows closed at all times during travel and ask passengers to respect this.- Crime against tourists is very low. Demonstrations often occur, but tend to be peaceful. As a precaution, visitors are urged to avoid any public gathering, as there is always a risk of violence. There is also a general threat of terrorism in Kuwait, and travellers are urged to be vigilant. Monitor the local media and always check for any urgent travel warnings before departure.- Kuwait is a Muslim country and its laws and customs reflect this. Travellers are advised to be respectful of local tradition and be mindful of their behaviour at all times.
Kuwait City is the capital of Kuwait, and has a population of over two million people. The city is the political, financial and cultural nucleus of Kuwait, with a booming economy. Tristar Worldwide is proud to include Kuwait in our growing list of Middle Eastern locations where our chauffeur services are available. The city’s iconic globular Kuwait Towers are a symbol of the city, and include a viewing platform from which the expanse of the city can be observed. Kuwait City also has a number of sleek shopping malls and hotels, around which much of the city’s social life is focused.
- Arrival: getting through immigration can be very stressful, and we recommend using a meet-and-greet service such as the one Tristar Worldwide provides. We will meet you directly after you disembark from your flight, and escort you through immigration to your waiting chauffeur.
- In the interests of security, Tristar Worldwide will not display our company name and brand, e.g. on uniforms or name boards, unless requested by our clients. We will always greet our clients as they exit customs. For added safety, we keep car doors locked and windows closed at all times during travel and ask passengers to respect this.
- Crime against tourists is very low. Demonstrations often occur, but tend to be peaceful. As a precaution, visitors are urged to avoid any public gathering, as there is always a risk of violence. There is also a general threat of terrorism in Kuwait, and travellers are urged to be vigilant. Monitor the local media and always check for any urgent travel warnings before departure.
- Kuwait is a Muslim country and its laws and customs reflect this. Travellers are advised to be respectful of local tradition and be mindful of their behaviour at all times.
- As in a majority of Middle Eastern cultures, personal relationships play an important role in business. Kuwaitis prefer to do business with individuals they know and trust. Move beyond a purely professional relationship by cultivating familiarity through socialisation.
- Be aware of prayer times when scheduling meetings, as they may be interrupted if they clash with the daily call to prayer. In any event, expect meetings to be interrupted by other individuals discussing different topics, as meetings are not considered private events unless something confidential has to be discussed.
- Expect to engage in small-talk early on in meetings. Be prepared to talk about your experiences in Kuwait, but never convey negative sentiments about the country.
- Do not show impatience or attempt to rush matters along, as this will cause offense. Patience is a virtue in Kuwait’s business environment.
- Avoid the hard sell. Be aware that an indirect communication style means that Kuwaitis will never provide an overt “no”. Learn to interpret the softer, flowery language used to extract the underlying message.
Your chauffeur will meet you outside customs, if you are unable to locate your chauffeur please call Tristar on +44 (0)1895 432164.
Your chauffeur will meet you at the given pickup address, if you are unable to locate your chauffeur please call Tristar on +44 (0)1895 432164.
Here you can view gardeners in Hertfordshire You can view gardeners by region using the options to the right to pick a area.
Garden maintenance , lawn treatments, turfing, tree surgery, stump grinding, garden tidy ups, pond maintenance, decking , patios, landscaping, fencing, regulator one off visits Fully qualified and insured, competitive rates. ....View full advert details
'The Great Outdoors' is a small, local and reputable gardening, landscaping and fencing provider serving the towns of Welwyn Garden City, St Albans, Harpenden and all the surrounding villages. ....View full advert details
Operating on the principles of design excellence and attention to detail, Julian creates extraordinary imaginative private and public landscapes and outdoor spaces. Based in St Albans, Julian Tatlock Landscape Design ....View full advert details
Garden maintenance and design advice. Competitive quotes / hourly rates. Experienced, reliable and professional. ....View full advert details
The Tree and Garden Company Ltd are specialist tree surgeons, garden landscapers and garden designers based in Hertfordshire and work all over the Home Counties and into North London. The ....View full advert details
Suppliers of Premium Artificial Grass and we can recommend our preferred installers so you get a complete professional job. Based in Stevenage, Hertfordshire we are a friendly family business with ....View full advert details
We are a well established family run Landscape and Design Company based in Watford, Hertfordshire that gets the job done right the first time. We have an impressive amount of experience ....View full advert details
car and van and lorry and caravan disposal ,plus all house clearances ,we also do garden clearance ,and tree surgery,we are registerd waste carriers.we give free quotes,no job to big ....View full advert details
I have sent 2 photos taken when we spent the day with you recently. I want to thank you for the wonderful sight-seeing trip we had with you and I really want to thank you for waiting for us when we were delayed for 3 hours getting off the ship. I didn't expect to see you still there after all that time, so to see your smiling face was just great. We loved our short time in Bali and really want to come back for a longer holiday some time soon. When we do, we want you to be our driver every day if that is possible. We have told our friends in Australia that if they are ever in Bali they should not have any other guide except you.
Thank you once again for looking after us so well, we are happy to recommend your services to any one who wants to call us at home in Australia.
We have returned to Singapore from our great holiday in Bali. We would like to stress that the holiday would not have been complete without Mr Nyoman. Mr Nyoman was a very patient guide who accommodated each of our requests. My wife was exceptionally impressed with Mr Nyoman's safe driving habit. In busy Bali, having a guide like Mr Nyoman was very assuring. He made sure we reached our destinations on time safely.
Once again, I would like to extend my warmest appreciation to Mr Nyoman and also to the wonderful team for making our holiday a memorable one. I have attached a few pictures which we took with Mr Nyoman at Uluwatu for his viewing.
Do you remember us? This is cherry,greeting from shanghai,china. Also,please give my regards to Nyoman Mudastra.Thanks him for his patience and safe driving on those mountain roads.
We really appreciate your guiding during our stay in Bali. Kind people,beautiful scenery,every moment in bali left a memorable impression on us. Hope that we could meet you again in Bali.
We enjoy the holiday from 16/11/2010 to 20/11/2010, thank you very much for your nice, warm and good service during our holiday.
One of your driver call Nyoman _________who with us four (4) days, he is very helpful, kindness and friendly driver. May I know his name , please send our regards to him, especially from my son, Wei Xiang, he miss him.
Next year, we have two family will visit Jakarta & Bandung, may I know you got any friend/tour company can intruduce, we will arrival at Jakarta Airport and Depart from bandung Airport. total 6 day 5 nights.
Can you please forward those photos to Mr. Nyoman Suntayasa and tell him that we are already back in Sydney and still thinking about the good time we had with Nyoman on our day trip to the east cost of Bali
We would like to thank him for his professionalism and for looking after us during our trip and we do regret that we have not taken other trips with your drivers but there is always next time because that was not our last trip to Bali
Thanks for the arrangement of the sunrise trekking & rafting day tour on 23rd Oct, it was great and we had a lot of fun in sunrise trekking! Your local trekking guide Ketut (the university student) was very friendly and professional, we could not finish the trekking safely without his help!
Thanks so very much for arranging Mr.Nyoman to meet us at the airport. Both my sister and I enjoyed his company and his driving. He was very accomodating and very flexible. He mets all our needs. I hope to come back to Bali in the near future and will definitely making a booking with Nyoman and yourself.
Thank you very much for recommending Mr Nyoman Suntayasa as our tour guide on the 27th july 09. We really appreciate and satisfied with his wonderful attendance on that day. We had a really great time in Bali .
Hope to come again next time with other friends and will definitely contact you and Mr Nyoman to be our guide.
Just wanted to say a huge thankyou for showing us around for 2 days. They were the highlight of our holiday. You were so friendly and easy to be around and it was nice hearing all of your knowledge on Bali. It was a shame our daughter Chelsea was sick in the afternoon but we thank you for your concern. We will recommend you to all of our friends that travel to Bali. Kindest Regards Vikki, Bill, Liam, Tricia, Chelsea, Nelson and Hollyx See you next time.!
Now we are back in Denmark, after a fantastic trip to Bali. I just want to thank you for at perfect arrangement.
Will you give our very best greetings to our Driver – he was a very nice and competent guide, and we enjoyed
We are now back to Belgium with plenty of nice memories from Bali in our mind.We would like to thank you and your drivers for the excellent service you provided us during our 2 weeks stay in Ubud. Your staff is very professional, friendly and drive in a safe way. It was a real pleasure to discover Bali with you.Kind regards,
Dear Suwarni, Thanks for the arrangement of the sunrise trekking & rafting day tour on 23rd Oct, it was great and we had a lot of fun in sunrise trekking! Your local trekking guide Ketut (the university student) was very friendly and professional, we could not finish the trekking safely without his help!
Actually we took some photos with Ketut, could you please let me know his email if possible, so that we can send him the photos?
We just arrived in Singapore this afternoon. Thanks very much for all your tour arrangements and the wonderful driver. Nyoman is super nice to us. My family really enjoyed the trip.
Thank you. I had a wonderful time today and learnt a lot about your amazing Bali. Norman was a great host and guide. Let me say that what you offer is great value for money and exceeded my expectations.
I would like to give you a big thank-you (***** five star) for providing me the service and allocating me a very good and generous drive to take me around with my family while in Bali. He is a very nice and helpfull tour guide and driver. It's been a very memorable trip so far. Though, i don't have the opportunity to meet you in person, i do have a glimpse of you on the way back to my hotel courtesy of your driver.
Thanks anywhere for the service provided and do send my best regards to the driver you allocate me for his kindness and good driving. Hopefull, we'll see you guys on our return trip in the near future.
It wouldnt be possible without your travel arrangements, Even the driver Madae was very friendly and got to know many more things about Bali from him..Thanks again for your arrangements,
Thank you for arranging the driver, Norman to us. He is great. We have great time in Bali. We like him so much. Thank you for your company as well.
We'd like to thank you for the wonderful service during our 3 days visit to bali. Our guide Mr.Wayan the trip very memorable and unforgettable. He was genuine, very friendly and helpful. Please convey our special thanks to him.
Thanks for the day trip, we are now back to Malaysia. Overall a satisfying experience. Will book your tour again during my next visit.
I would like to extend my appreciation to Mr Wayan. I feel glad to find a driver who always willing to share the Bali culture to us. He is really helpful. We requested him dropped us at La Sal Spanish restaurant end of the trip. We reached restaurant too early & the restaurant not yet start business. We thought that he will drive off but we really feel surprise when we saw he still waiting for us outside the restaurant. Luckily he was still there else we have to walk back to our villa.
This is Kalaimagan from Malaysia. If you still remember me I was there with my family from 6-10 th. June, 2011 and we stayed in OASIS Kuta.
Bapak Polos, I write today to let you know how much we appreciated your services during the tours you took us to. It was truly memorable and we will surely look for you again the next time we return to Bali.
I have spoken so much about you and your expertise to my friends so that they engage you when they go to Bali next. As a matter of fact a friend just took your contact number as her brother will be going to Bali tomorrow. I know it is very short notice and you may already have been booked but see if you can help them.
Anyway, my family and I had a very good time in Bali, thanks to you and like I said earlier, we will surely look for you again when we come next. On the same note, if you are ever coming to Malaysia, especially Kuala Lumpur, please do not hesitate to call me up. I will be more than happy to show you around, no guide fee as you are a friend... hahaha!
I would like to thank your company and particularly our driver for giving us such a great tour on the 20 October. Apologies that it has taken so long to send this email but have been very busy since arriving home from our holiday in Bali. We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves and thank you once again. Please pass on our thanks to our driver for the day. Photo attached.
Nyoman is a fantastic tour guide. He explained about balinese cultute and tradition and he is so firm in what he was talking about.
Once we have arrived at a temple, he teached us whether to get a sarong and where to find the entry counter. During the weekend there was a lot of traffic jam and he drove patiently. When we had diner at Jimbaran beach it got quite late for the return. But for Nyoman this has not been a problem. We had a lot of fun during the last 3 days and I really can recommend Nyoman. He was spontaneous and flexible - exactly what we needed.
10 days of Kamchatka nature, ski tour on the wild slopes of snow-covered volcanoes. We will go and ski in two regions, the Paratunka river valley, near the Viluchinsky volcano (4 days, area No.1) and the Avachinsky group of volcanoes, namely, Avachinsky and Koryaksky volcanoes (4 days, area No.2). Drop of ascents / descents is up to 1800 m per day (or even up to 2500 m).
The tour takes place in one of the remote, wild and amazing mountain massifs of the peninsula - in the Ganaly Range. The area is extremely specific, located at the intersection of numerous ridges, the main place of the skete: the circus of the Ganaly Range - large rock walls with numerous steep couloirs, swings up to 1200 m.
Short Review: Elegant Chinese dining room. Predominately Cantones, but with some Szechuan and Beijing dishes.
Reviewed by Dennis P. Quinn, California State Polytechnic University, California (dquinn@csupomona.edu)
Through an exhaustive analysis of nearly every quote pertaining to children in the canonical New Testament, with some references from early patristic texts and some extracanonical, especially the Infancy Gospel of Thomas, the authors attempt to answer a basic and important question: what "significant differences Christianity made in the lives of children, historically, sociologically, and culturally" in the first few centuries (2)? The answer they posit is that "Christianity made life better for children" (346). Through the multitude of biblical and select early Christian texts, the authors support their answer. However, when they attempt to place the texts within the larger cultural context of the Greco-Roman world, their thesis is a bit less assured.
Chapters of this work are set up topically and it contains an excellent bibliography, index of biblical references and ancient authors, and an index of subjects and modern authors. Thus, it serves as a useful resource for students and scholars on the main biblical texts and some important works on children in ancient Christianity. Chapter One, "What is a Child?" begins with the central notion: "The significant differences Christianity made in the lives of children, historically, sociologically, and culturally" (2). Although only hinted at this point in the work, in the conclusion we find the authors' main answer: "Christianity made life better for children" (346). This assessment will be taken up later in the review. Suffice it to say the thesis that Christianity was a moral force for the good for ancient children is a recurring theme throughout the work. As the chapter proceeds, it sets out a careful description of the construction of the child in Philo, the Mishnah, and Greek and Roman Childhood. The differences between Jewish views and treatment of the child are compared with and at times distinguished from that of Greek and Roman attitudes.
Chapter Two, "The Christian Framework: From 'Child of God' to 'Son/Daughter of the Church'", analyzes the concept of child of God in the relationship between the people of Israel and then the canonical Christian context. From the Old Testament through the New, the authors trace how the idea of the Son of God influenced and was influenced by ancient conceptions of childhood. The theme of obedience to the father dominates the narratives, demonstrating that "Jesus is God's son because he does the work of the father, just like the child of any father in the ancient world was expected to do" (54). After the Gospel accounts, the work examines Pauline literature as well as some Post-Apostolic works and demonstrates that the metaphor of the Son of God, which arises from the ancient conception of the dutiful son, permeates the overall vision of how Christians should be obedient to God.
Chapter Three, "Christian Family Life and the Christian Household" and Chapter four, "Children and Daily Life: Christian Children's Education" address the early life of the Christian child through early adolescence. Here again, the authors are well versed in the Jewish and early Christian context of the construction of childhood. Close scrutiny of these sources is the model which continues through this chapter, and to great effect. For example, the excellent summary and analysis of John Chrysostom's On Vainglory and the Right Way for Parents to Bring up their Children is exemplary for how they position the text within Jewish and Christian learning (149-59). Some reference is made to how the main parts of the chapter fits within Greek paideia (141-43); however, it is more apparent at this point that the Greco-Roman context is rarely eluded to, treating many of the Jewish and Christian attitudes toward childhood in isolation from the larger ancient cultural context in which these groups are embedded.
Chapter Five, "Children and Daily Life: A Time to Work and a Time to Play," is a fascinating chapter which shows the latest research on toys and play in antiquity. It is also more even-handed when it comes to the Greco-Roman context, including a useful, though short, summary and analysis of Columella's insights on childhood and work (167-69). The information included about how children played, their toys, music and games are some of the highlights of the book. Chapter six, "Exposing Children to Violence," shows the opposite end of the spectrum. Outlining the physical and sexual abuse common to children shows that their life was not at all fun and games, and doubly so for slave children. The main thrust of the chapter deals with Jewish and Christian teachings against such atrocities being inflicted on children. Although the authors admit that Christians were not immune to inflicting violence on children themselves, they stress that "Christian criticism of practices of abuse, infanticide, abortion, and exposure led to improved lives for numerous children, in significant part because the Roman state embraced the Christian moral code in the course of the fourth and fifth century" (251). From the opening of the chapter which equates abortion with violence against children, the authors hope to continue the thesis that Christianity was a blessing to children.
Chapter Seven, "Children and Worship in the Early Christian Church," and Chapter Eight, "Children and Christian Asceticism," which are the last chapters of the work, address how children fit in with liturgical and ascetic impulses of burgeoning Christianity. Here the authors show how children were present and participants in nearly every aspect of the development of the orthodox Christian tradition. Christian focus on the child's innocence and honesty become models for the righteous Christian. They even become idealized as "signs of the myth of the First Humans" (300). The great value Christians placed on children was also expressed in the ascetic tradition, for this purity of childhood throughout life and idealized virginity become standard tropes.
Although there is much to be praised in the present work, with its attention to Jewish and Christian sources and well-researched accounts within those traditions, it is not without some considerable limitations. The chapters generally follow a biblical structure: Old Testament, then the Gospels, and then the Pauline epistles. Then it uses a few extra-canonical works, especially the Infancy Gospel of Thomas, and then moves to early patristic authors. It is curious that the authors decided to use the Infancy Gospel at the exclusion of other extra-canonical texts, especially without placing it first within its peculiar historical and geographical context. In fact,the Christian texts are never dealt with as products of a particular milieu but rather homogeneously, as part of a single Christian culture. The particular contexts in which the individual writings arise is rarely addressed. Also, the omission of Gnostic and other "heretical" Christian texts is unfortunate, since it limits its vision of early Christianity as a whole.
Perhaps even more problematic is how the authors position Christian views of children vis-à-vis the larger Greco-Roman world from which they sprang. Its goal of placing the Christian understanding of children and childhood within the ancient Greek and Roman context falls a bit short. One example that is illustrative of this is how the authors treat abortion. Placing the section on abortion in the chapter entitled "Exposing Children to Violence" is telling enough. "It is only when Christians became fully engaged in Greco-Roman culture that their opposition to abortion, exposure, and infanticide was stated outright" (222). The authors maintain that Christians were "rather uniform" in their condemnation of abortion, and then goes on to quote the Didache 2.2, Barnabas 19.5, Clement of Alexandria's Paedagogus 3.3, and Justin Martyr's Apologia 1.29 to show where they all opposed abortion. The assumption is that this was a Christian innovation in the Greco-Roman world, influenced by "Jewish moralists and biblical teachings" (222). What the authors fail to note, however, are the several Roman pagan authors who were opposed to abortion for various reasons before Christianity as well as alongside the development of the religion, such as Cicero, Pliny, and Musonius Rufus. These views are not mentioned in this book, but Greco-Roman views on abortion were varied and complex (for a more nuanced view, see Beryl Rawson, Children and Childhood in Roman Italy, Oxford, 2003, 114-15). Thus, it appears that the impulse to show that Christianity was the savior of children in antiquity, working to protect them from immoral treatment by their pagan neighbors may have obscured the authors' vision of many of the pagan moralists who actually influenced Christian thought on the protection of children. Of course, it also makes the assumption that all early Christians opposed abortion and that abortion itself is akin to violence against children.
This is not to take away from the larger importance of the work. As a study of predominantly orthodox Christian views of children and childhood, its level of learning and attention to detail is brimming with merit. As a work which tries to envision children in the larger Greco-Roman cultural context, or the other varieties of the ancient Christian expression, this book may provoke more questions than answers.
How do you enjoy your slice? Extra 🌶? Extra 🌿? // Veterans, enjoy a free slice and soda on us today. ***Dine-in only on November 11 and November 12. Must present acceptable proof of military service. 🇺🇸#GinosDelivers #VeteransDay
We are so grateful to be a part of the #veteranshomegiveaway by Fairway Foundation. Reaching our 100th year in business we are very happy to be in the position to help those who have served for us. Thank to all those who have served, are serving and will serve. . . . . . #plessers #plesserappliances #babylon #veteranshomegiveaway #appliances #veteransday #giveaway #100thyear #babylon #babylonvillage #fairwayfoundation #home #kitchendesign
Join us this Friday for creative night where you can make your own versatile piece of jewelry. Everyone will create their very own wrap bracelet, which also doubles as a necklace. Beautiful gemstone beads of spiritual quality and a wide assortment of charms will be provided to customize your own piece. Choose which gemstones speak to you based on their healing properties to manifest your greatest affirmations. Space is limited to only 15 guests for this special creation. Please call Pandemonium to reserve your space! . . . #wrapbracelet #meditation #peaceofmind #create #workshop #sipandcreate #yogajewelry #babylon #babylonvillage #dixhills #islip #westislip #northbabylon #spiritualjewelry #holisticliving #meditation #therapy #relaxation #fun #pandemonium #girlsnight #lindenhurst #healingjewelry #abundance #spiritualjewelry #thingstodo #giftideas #jewelryworkshop #makeandtake
Are you a Veteran? 🇺🇸 If so, come on in today for a free slice and soda on us. We salute you & thank you for your service. ***Dine-in only. Must present acceptable proof of military service 🇺🇸 #VeteransDay #GinosDelivers
...there's something super special about paddling in the fall...for me it's very peaceful and extremely relaxing...it's where I reflect on the summer and get excited for the winter. I love all the seasons...There's not a month that's bad. #theseasonneverends #paddleboardingallseasonlong #fallpaddleboarding #babylonvillage #yoloboardlongisland #fall #paddlestrongallyearlong @yoloboard @joshyoloboard #paddleboardlifelongisland
God Bless our Veterans. We are grateful for your service. 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸. May as well shop today bc we are giving you 15% off a $100 or more purchase! Must mention ad for discount Not combinable with any other offer or previous purchase. Excludes basics and accessories. 💙 💙 💙 @blupoppyboutique #massapequa #shoplocal #boutiqueshopping #tweenboutique #seaford #wantagh #bellmore #merrick #melville #dixhills #babylonvillage #babylon #huntington #farmingdale
ISLAND STRONG GIVES BACK, AGAIN! From Long Island, New York to Algonquin, Illinois, the @lislandstrong Peace, Love, Long Island poncho is a fan favorite. Right now is a perfect time to purchase Island Strong branded items using promo code cali20 for 20% off. Why? Well...Every Holiday season (November through January) Island Strong directs a portion of all branded merchandise to Island Harvest. Island Harvest has become Long Island’s largest hunger relief organization. Volunteers and staff now deliver millions of pounds of good, surplus food – much of which might otherwise go to waste – to a network of 570 Long Island-based food pantries, soup kitchens and other non-profit organization that offer feeding services for those in need. Since inception, they have delivered 71 million pounds of food, supplementing close to 66 million meals! If you make any branded purchase, you can feel good knowing that you’ve aided in this year’s donation. Thank you in advance❤️ #islandstrong #lislandstrong #supportlocal #discount #discountattire #newyork #longisland #sayville #babylonvillage #suffolkcounty #suffolkcountyny #nassaucounty 💥💥 Island Strong Ambassador: Enjoy 20% off at www.lislandstrong.com/discount/cali20
We’re having a crafty good time and we hope that you’ll join us! Swing by tomorrow during store hours to craft anything you'd like from our craft bar - from ceramics, to personalized Holiday gifts with handprints, wood crafts, and so much more. Or plan ahead, and register online for our Holiday Family Craft Bar happening on Nov 18 between 10 and 4. Hope to see you then ♥️ #BubbleBabylon #CraftBar
This product uses the Instagram API but is not endorsed or certified by Instagram. All InstagramTM logos and trademarks displayed on this application are property of Instagram.
I want to be very clear about something 💁🏼‍♀️. If a person is confident, healthy and happy, feels beautiful and sexy in their skin, NO MATTER WHAT SIZE SHE IS, than you my friend, are amazing and keep doing you! I truly believe that women and the female body is a miracle, and is beautiful at every size, shape, color, and having a kind and soul is what makes a woman 🔥🔥. My husband and I will try to instill in my girls finding beauty in every single person, inside and out. To be kind, accepting, strong and passionate. I post before and afters for two reasons. I DO NOT post them to associate “bad” with my before and “good” with my after. I don’t want anyone, (especially my girls if they scroll back in time someday and see this post, which is crazy to think about but likely to happen!), to ever assume I am associating beauty with one image over the other. I post these before and afters because this transformation is SO much more than size. I post these photos for 2 reasons. 1. To keep myself accountable and motivated. Sharing my progress in this space helps me to keep going, makes it fun for me and documents a journey for my girls that that can SEE in their formative years. I am a real person with goals and struggles and sharing here helps me through! 2. To inspire even 1 woman, man, mother, parent. To prove that a journey like this may seem insurmountable, (especially with kids, life, house, family, job, friends, injury etc etc) but it IS possible with support, determination, consistency and commitment. This transformation is so much more than a weight loss transformation, it’s a transformation of mind, body and soul! 💪🏻 Happy #motivationmonday !! . . . . . . . . #sweatapp #pwrprogram #pwrprogress #kelseywellspwr #pwrmoms #bbgmoms #kaylaitsines #kelseywells #bbgtransformation #iifym #macros #iifymgirls #weightloss #weightlossjourney #weightlosstransformation #ifitfitsyourmacros #fitnessjourney #fitmama #fitmoms #fitspo #chickswholift #momswholift #fitmom #beforeandafter #fitnessgirl #pwr #bbgprogress #strongnotskinny #fitnessinspiration
Guys. We’ve just hit the THIRD stretch goal in the Kickstarter campaign This means I’ll be recording an acoustic version of the upcoming album exclusively available to all backers I’ve been taken aback by the support and am so thankful 🙏🏻 . There is still time to be part of the project, just hit the link in the bio . 📷 @seemslegiit
FrSky M9 Hall Sensor gimbal Black and Red Panel for Taranis X9D & X9d Plus Bij de bestelling graag de kleur...
Frsky Taranis X9D PLUS Remote Controller Transmitter EVA Handbag Hard Case Frsky Taranis X9D PLUS Remote Contro...
FrSky Vantac Transmitter Glove in Cold Weather Suitable for FrSky Horus X12S, FrSky Taranis, Jeti, Futaba, Spekt...
I joined the NuOffer team early on to provide design, UI and UX for the expansion of their mobile application to desktop. This was a very large project including a web application, agent dashboard, product website, email templates, document management and signing flow among other parts. These are a few of the many screens from the final designs.
Vista la nota n. 4749 del 28/09/2017 si comunicano le date e le modalità organizzative per il rinnovo degli OO.CC. Le votazioni per il rinnovo annuale dei Consigli di Classe, per il rinnovo biennale della Consulta provinciale e l’aggiornamento dei componenti alunni e genitori del Consiglio d’Istituto, si svolgeranno il giorno 27 ottobre 2017 secondo…
Crossdress World - Free crossdress movies and pictures, transvestites, a male dressed as a female at CrossdressWorld Turn your wife into a black cock slut! Hot Tranny - shemale and ladyboy picture galleries at Hot-Tranny. Shemale Cocks - Shemales with massive cocks can be seen here doing their thing, fucking hot men and women Come see sweet ladyboy cum! They already want to begin show.
Big Dick Shemale Porn Pics. Home Male Fisting We have reunited here a wide collection of gay fisting pics just for your enjoyment! Lesbian Shemale Big Tits. HomemadeAmateurFacials The sweetest teen rookies are here to show you how much they love banging, sucking cock and getting real huge loads of jizz splattered all over their cute faces!
-procedes to bust my speaker with how loud they are- *dad* "hey you k**s, keep it down. Im watching the game and the chargers are winning"
thanks for watching and commenting. Those are great recommendations! Ill definitely see what i can do.
This domain has been registered. If you're interested in this domain, contact us to check availability for customer use, ownership, or other development opportunities.
The 3 piece Envy straight hair extensions are created from high quality course, warmth resistant artificial ..
You can even get your extensions to knowledgeable hair stylist to own them enable you to utilize them and cut them to help make your organic hairs levels. Introducing layers to clip in extensions may help make them glimpse much more normal and Mix with your hair seamlessly.
If you'll find any wayward pieces that need to be re-curled, do this now. Ideally at this place you won’t be able to convey to wherever your hair ends plus the extensions get started!
Having clip in extensions has many benefits! They don't harm your individual hair in any way since they have clips and want no sticking with any adhesive. Utilizing these respective extensions is a fairly easy way to regulate size and quantity of your respective hair. In addition, it provides a voluptuous search towards your hair variations.
Search by our quite a few product or service traces to find the one that is good for you! We are proud to have a massive choice of clip in hair extensions with numerous fitting&sort obtainable, as an example Full head set/individual items/Instantaneous clipins 50 % wigs, Wavy/Straight, Human Hair/Synthetics, for more info about clip in hair extensions be sure to go to the Hair Faq for more information and demonstration.
To check out our stunning clip-in hair extensions, pay a visit to our Site at . Also, Ensure that you subscribe to our E-newsletter to stay updated with our most recent items, hair tutorials and gives!
When your very first weft is secure, choose down a few 50 percent in of hair and again, be certain It is really tangle absolutely free. Get the second longest weft with your established and connect it the exact same way you probably did your initial weft. Starting in the back of The top with the center clip, after which attaching remaining clips on possibly side within your head as close to your deal with since the wefts allows.
Very well this hub has long been quite useful for certainly one of my close friends , And that i had by now forwarded it as I'd bookmarked it. This thanks is coming from her facet :)
Normally, clip in extensions packs will have two or four wefts which are all the identical width. These wefts are for the perimeters of The top. To attach these wefts consider down your hair from your eyebrows down.
Hand-Tied Pores and skin Weft Clip Ins are built to mimic hair growing from the scalp. This unbelievably realistic style and design results in a organic and seamless transformation that's pretty much undetectable with the scalp. Transform your hair in an instant with our brand new Invisi-Clips. Our clips are Fiind out more made using a new skinweft layout for a discreet seem. This high quality hair is intended to past more than a 12 months and may Mix seamlessly along with your very own hair.
4. Implement the first extension layer Using the a few clip panel. Make a horizontal element across the back again of your head from mid-ear to the other mid-ear, then clip the remainder of your hair up and out of just how.
All Halo clip-in extensions come completely ready While using the clips currently sewn on to suit your needs.... so you're able to don them straight away! Our clips also have a life time warranty so if they at any time come to be unfastened or split, you'll be able to return them to us for mend or substitute clips!
Hand-Tied Pores and skin Weft Clip Ins are intended to mimic hair rising in the scalp. This unbelievably sensible style and design results in a pure and seamless transformation that may be pretty much undetectable within the scalp.
"Drake is a big, well-built dog however not too heavy, very athletic and stylish. He has very nice expression with kind, dark brown eyes. Despite his size he is very dynamic, his speed is breath taking however he stops on the first whistle. Since the age of 7-8 months his carreer has been emerging like a rocket. It turned out that he has excellent style, a lot of natural ability to find game and he has been very easy to train. Drake is our most honest dog. The most valuable thing in Drake that he is totally under control until asked then he can work on his own when it is needed - there are not many dogs which can achieve this level of "consciousness". For character he is very cool which is a big advantage on Field Trials."
e-mail: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Followed by a trip When guests remain for the property, they look at how quiet the space is, how helpful the team is, plus much more.
Should you explore a charming B&B, holiday getaway home or small resort that isn't featured in our guidebook or on our Web site that you're thinking that there really should be there, please Be at liberty to inform us about this using the button beneath.
Magnificent visitor rooms aspect Gilchrist & Soames tub goods and plush robes, plus some have claw-foot soaking tubs.
This assets also has among the finest-rated areas in Frigiliana! Visitors are happier about it in comparison to other properties in the area.
via queenannebnb.com In Denver, delight in an eco-friendly stay at Queen Anne City Bed and Breakfast. Each and every space has A personal sizzling tub and views of downtown, and several have cozy fireplaces. By far the most Instagrammed space Here's the Aspen, which has an authentic mural of the alpine forest covering the partitions and also a Victorian turret ceiling.
Siena is Among the most wonderful and renowned italian metropolitan areas. Town Centre is amongst the 7 Earth Heritage Sites in Tuscany and it can be popular for your palio.
A big vegetable back garden provides many of the produce served for breakfast. Don’t skip the smoked brisket quesadilla with fresh new roasted vegetable salsa.
All the things decorated with respect for the existing components in the timeless body. We can be found a fifteen-minute walk from the main market place square (the centerpoint of Bruges). Dwelling
B&B Pietra Rara is located inside the pleasant Pietramurata, one of several satellite villages on the city of Dro, during the Trentino area ...
Town gets essentially the most precipitation while in the early summer months and mid-fall, though the winds are sometimes the strongest while in the early spring.
Convivial environment around the full French greedy more info breakfast with the house-produced Nelly's jams and Using the contemporary bread “baguette”, the buns, fruits juices.
Wonderful accommodation with contemporary twists, extremely clean up and superior breakfast furnished. Site central and sights front and back great.
Cat fans will enjoy the corporation of Kepler, Luna, and Minou, 3 welcoming felines who continue to exist the house. The inn helps make a fantastic home base for Discovering websites like Mount Rushmore, Custer Point out Park and Devils Tower, all inside about one hour’s generate. Before you head out for a street excursion, study up on 10 applications that will make your subsequent road journey much less expensive and much easier.
Sottoalfico B&B is an expensive and comfortable villa for your holiday seasons in Rimini, Emilia Romagna. You will be welcomed inside of a helpful residence, ...
Physiotherapy is a strong force in the field of modern medicine. There have been many new programs started for the study of its practice. Physiotherapy statistics give information about those who practice it and those who benefit from it. (more…)
And it’s not just your email. Studies indicate that the time people spend on email is quite a low percentage of the total time they spend on their smartphones and computers. On mobile devices, people spend just 5.3% of the time on email (and instant messaging) and on computers, only 7.1% of their time is devoted to email.
Consider the math: In an 8-hour workday, that means only 34 minutes of the day is spent on email on the computer and less than 26 minutes of the time spent on a smartphone is devoted to email. Double those numbers for a sense of what the rest of the day looks like, and you’ll see: in the grand scheme of things, email really doesn’t get all that much attention.
The fact that people are taking 10% longer to reply to emails is another indicator that it has moved a little lower down the priority list.
Yet people are looking at their screens all the time. What gives? Why is so little of that screen time spent on email? What gives, I suspect, is a lot of competition for attention. Consider all of the other tasks and activities people do on their smartphones and computers in a given day:
None of this means email is in any way less of a marketing tool. Email continues to be consumers’ top choice for receiving marketing messages from a business, plus email is still core to corporate communications. And the ubiquitous nature of email will never disappear. How many of the activities listed above require an email address to register, participate or communicate? For example, if you’re searching for vendors, you’re probably going to contact them by email. Ditto for vacation questions and reaching out to the kids’ teachers. Plus you need an email address to use Facebook, Pinterest, Pandora, budgeting software, and pretty much any other free tool available online.
So please don’t take the small piece of attention pie nor the slower response rates as indicators of a declining importance of email. Rather, see these as indicators that it is that much more important to engage your audience at the inbox.
Do not see email as having a decreasing importance. Email should be seen as having increasing importance, because you must work that much harder to earn your share of the 5 to 7% window.
That said, and knowing email’s piece of the attention pie is a measly 5 to 7%, and you’re battling for your portion of that, how are you going to win a bigger piece of that tiny sliver?
There’s really only one way: be awesome. How? Give them what they want when they want it in an even more wonderful way than they ever expected. Ways you can do this include practicing effective list segmentation or using automated email content to deliver the right message to the right person at the right time.
Take this “awesome” approach to your email marketing, and you’ll win in other ways too. Your increased engagement levels will improve your email deliverability rates. Your awesome content will be shareworthy without trying, leading to more exposure to your emails and brand…and possibly more subscribers and customers. And you might even experience a trickle down effect, improving your social media engagement as well.
Do you want to win a bigger piece of that tiny 5% sliver? Just remember: be awesome, be relevant, be personal, and be engaging. You’ll be so good they can’t ignore you. The rest will take care of itself.
Marco Marini is the CEO of ClickMail Marketing, a vendor-neutral reseller of email marketing solutions. Marco is an acknowledged expert in email marketing with over 15 years of experience in the field. Before being named CEO at ClickMail, he was the VP of Marketing & Operations. Marco has also held key marketing positions with CyberSource, eHealthInsurance, DoveBid and IBM Canada.
In a MarketingProfs article, Michael Fischler writes that marketing is listening. You demonstrate you’ve been listening when you give people what they […]
Moving to a new ESP is like moving to a new house: You get cool, exciting new digs but also face the […]
The year 2010 ended with an onslaught of email marketing pundits and experts all writing about one thing: social media, and email’s […]
Keeping a blog can give a seriously large lift to responses from your emails. Maybe you know this, but you’re just too […]
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010
We work hard to be your reliable business partner , by satisfying your global needs ; with our technological know-how , outstanding quality , wide product range and punctual service . Our goal is to develop innovative partnerships and agreements , that bring quality services and economic values to our customer’s. We continuously explore new
at Bharat Overseas corporation , we are committed to quality requirements of the highest standards . we make sure that quality is adhered to throughout our operation’s , from sampling to final shipment.
mesmerizing kitchen ceiling paint paint ceiling same color as walls choose paint colour for ceiling should i paint my kitchen ceiling the same color as the walls kitchen ceiling paint colors.
By closing this message, you consent to our cookies on this device in accordance with our cookie policy unless you have disabled them
The following are loan documents that you may download, print and fill out. You may then mail them to:
When you package them for mailing, please place them in the order shown for faster processing of your loan application.
A personal blog surrounding the life and times of apckrfan and the apckrfan household. In addition to sports facts and book recs each day.
I'm a summer of 69 baby from Chicagoland with 5 years in Orlando. I now call Fargo home. I have a BA in Theatre from Bemidji State.
I am a writer journeying toward publication. I have one completed manuscript set in 1924 Chicago that is 75,000 words. I have other works in progress ranging from: erotic, contemporary, paranormal, time travel, inspirational. So, as you can see I'm across the board (which reflects my reading tastes as well!).
Finding time to write in between working two jobs and family can be challenging. I had a recent break from focusing on my original works, but am starting again. So, I'm still working on a balance with my 13 year old.
I am an avid reader, primarily romance and mysteries (combined is a plus) but I read just about anything. I have a website that features my fan fiction, books read, reading links, and tons of links on various subjects. Stop by!
10/8/2018 UPDATE: I am trying out a different pacing for the comic and will be postponing the weekly page to the end of this year in order to post the complete end of Chapter 6 as one large chunk.
If you don’t want to miss when that comes out, make sure to subscribe to the newsletter below. That’s where I’ll let you know when it pops online!
4/30/2018: The pace is down to one page a week on Monday, posted soon after Midnight Pacific Standard Time.
As of 9/2/2018 Volume I is available for US customers! Please visit the store to order your copy and get a free wallpaper with it.
International shipping is not currently available... I am very sorry about that but the prices to ship this book abroad are crazy.
Evadrion is an Angel and Angels never sleep. When they accidentally do, their memories are lost. She awakes, greeted by their leader who bathes her in half-truths. What if the dreadful Diabolics were really trying to help while Angels held the meanest secrets? Anything can happen in this world populated by sweet carnivorus horses, swift fluffsnakes and clueless shapeshifters who call themselves the Dragons.
We are one of the highest rated resume writing services in the Denver Metro area, according to Yelp and Google+ reviews. From targeted, effective resume writing services to guiding people through a… read more
We are one of the highest rated resume writing services in the Denver Metro area, according to Yelp and Google+ reviews. From targeted, effective resume writing services to guiding people through a job search strategy, we offer practical tools for your job search. Founder Donna Shannon is an expert at LinkedIn as well, offering exclusive training in conjunciton with our professional LinkedIn profiles for business owners and job hunters.
Search by Select Categories Uncategorized Market Flash Financial Advice Emerging Markets General Events Property Offshore Global Markets About CGP Economic Commentary Investments American Investors Investing in China ETF’s Commodity Tax Advice Insurance Caterer Goodman Partners Caterer-Goodman-Partners +CatererGoodmanPartners Select month April 2018 (1) August 2017 (1) March 2017 (2) February 2017 (4) January 2017 (2) December 2016 (2) November 2016 (12) April 2016 (2) January 2016 (1) August 2015 (2) July 2015 (2) June 2015 (2) May 2015 (2) April 2015 (2) March 2015 (4) February 2015 (2) December 2014 (2) November 2014 (3) October 2014 (3) September 2014 (2) August 2014 (2) July 2014 (5) June 2014 (2) May 2014 (2) April 2014 (3) March 2014 (3) February 2014 (1) January 2014 (2) December 2013 (7) November 2013 (4) August 2013 (2) July 2013 (2) June 2013 (3) May 2013 (5) April 2013 (7) March 2013 (5) February 2013 (6) January 2013 (3) December 2012 (4) November 2012 (12) October 2012 (12) September 2012 (7) August 2012 (3)
Posted in Commodity, Economic Commentary, Emerging Markets, Financial Advice, General, Global Markets, Investments, Market Flash. Tags: Caterer Goodman, China Expat, China Expat Money, Commodity, commodity price, Energy, Financial Advisor, Investment, low price, Market, Oil, Oil Market, Oil outlook, Oil price, Price, price falling, Shanghai, Shanghai Expat.
Posted in Economic Commentary, Investments. Tags: Caterer Goodman, China, China Expat, China Expat Money, CNY, CNY devaluation, CNY falling, Currency, Depreciation, Expat, Financial Advisor, Investment, Money, Owen, Owen Caterer, RMB, RMB devaluation, RMB falling, Shanghai, Shanghai Expat, Weak CNY, Yuan.
Posted in Economic Commentary, Financial Advice, General, Investments, Market Flash. Tags: 2015, 2015 Outlook, Advice, Caterer Goodman, China Expat, China Expat Money, Financial Advisor, Financial Service, Investing trends, Investment, Money, Owen, Owen Caterer, Shanghai, Shanghai Expat, Tips, Trends.
Posted in Financial Advice, Investments. Tags: 2014, Bill, Bill Longstreet, Caterer Goodman, China Expat, Expat, Financial Advisor, Financial Planing, Wealth Management, wealth manager.
Posted in Financial Advice, Tax Advice. Tags: American, Bill, Bill Longstreet, Caterer Goodman, China Expat, China Expat Money, FATCA, Financial Advisor, Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, Investment, Shanghai, Tax, U.S., US.
Posted in General, Investments. Tags: Caterer Goodman, China Expat, China Expat Money, Financial Advisor, Investment, Owen Caterer, Shanghai.
Posted in Economic Commentary. Tags: 2013, Advice, Caterer Goodman, China, China Expat, China Expat Money, Finance, Financial Advisor, Owen, Owen Caterer, Shanghai.
Posted in Emerging Markets, Market Flash. Tags: Caterer Goodman, China, China Expat, Emerging Market, ETF, Expat, Financial Advisor, India, Indonesia, Investment, Malaysia, markets, Owen, Owen Caterer, Philippines, Russia, Singapore, South Korea, Tags: Brazil, Thailand.
Posted in Financial Advice, General, Investments. Tags: Caterer Goodman, China Expat, cost to invest, Dow Jones, ETF, Invest Tips, Investment, Money, Offshore investments, Portfolio, Record High, Return, Shanghai Expat, US Expat.
Posted in General, Investments. Tags: Caterer Goodman, China Expat, Expat, Fee, Financial Service, Investment, Money, Shanghai, Shanghai Expat, Warren Buffett.
Posted in Investments. Tags: Asset Allocation, Caterer Goodman, China Expat, China Expat Money, Equity, ETF, Investment, Money, Owen, Owen Caterer, Professional Advice, Returns, Shanghai Expat, Transparent.
Posted in Financial Advice, Investments. Tags: Caterer Goodman, China Expat, China Expat Money, Expat, Financial Service, Investment, Money, Owen, Owen Caterer, Pink Sheets, Pump and Dump, Scam, Shanghai, Shanghai Expat.
" Hello, First of all, thank you to all at Caterer and Goodman who have helped to produce this great blog. It is well written and... "
The information contained in this Blog (the "Blog") is for informational purposes only. Caterer Goodman Partners is not responsible for any errors or omissions, or for the results obtained from the use of this information. Caterer Goodman Partners makes no representations as to the accuracy or completeness of any information on this site or found by following any link on this site. Caterer Goodman Partners is not liable for any errors or omissions in this information nor for the availability of this information. Caterer Goodman Partners is not liable for any losses, injuries, or damages from the display or use of this information. These terms and conditions of use are subject to change at any time and without notice........ Read more.
NOTE: The CAP Analysis Model makes no scoring allowances for trumped-up "messages" to excuse or for manufacturing of justification for aberrant behavior or imagery, or for camouflaging such ignominy with "redeeming" programming. Disguising sinful behavior in a theme plot does not excuse the sinful behavior of either the one who is drawing pleasure or example from the sinful display or the practitioners demonstrating the sinful behavior. This is NOT a movie review service. It is a movie analysis service to parents and grandparents to tell them the truth about movies using the Truth.
"There are some in the entertainment industry who maintain that 1) violent programming is harmless because no studies exist that prove a connection between violent entertainment and aggressive behavior in children, and 2) young people know that television, movies, and video games are simply fantasy. Unfortunately, they are wrong on both accounts." And "Viewing violence may lead to real life violence." I applaud these associations for fortifying 1 Cor. 15:33. Read the rest of the story. From our nearly seven years of study, I contend that other aberrant behaviors, attitudes, and expressions can be inserted in place of "violence" in that statement. Our Director - Child Psychology Support, a licensed psychologist and certified school psychologist concurs. For example, "Viewing arrogance against fair authority may lead to your kids defying you in real life." Or "Viewing sex may lead to sex in real life." Likewise and especially with impudence, hate and foul language. I further contend that any positive behavior can be inserted in place of "violence" with the same chance or likelihood of being a behavior template for the observer; of being incorporated into the behavior mechanics and/or coping skills of the observer. In choosing your entertainment, please consider carefully the "rest of the story" and our findings.
Simplistic, clean and graphic in nature, Simon’s work is recognised for creating a formal relationship of abstract shapes and voids within the field of the canvas. Blurring the lines between reality and fantasy, his work captures the female form in all its splendour, with each piece meticulously considered and crafted to evoke a suspended moment of sensuality. From as early as he can remember, Simon was passionate about art, with the sole intention of becoming an artist when he grew up. To this day he did not and he cannot imagine a life without having to return to the canvas every day. Simon feels incredibly privileged that he’s able to study beautiful women every day. The human form provides immense inspiration both on a formal visual plain as well as on an instinctive visceral level. “I want the work to have an initial raw impact which given time perhaps will inspire memories and fantasies which can become intertwined. It’s this line between fantasy and reality which I believe we all walk on from time to time that interests me. My goal is to leave to the viewer some tangible emotional feeling” simon [B.1980, Edinburgh] claridge
Bluebird is in Zone 5 (H says Zone 4 starts 1/2 mile north!) This map is far to small to give you more than a rough idea. The large wall sized ones show detail much more clearly and are an excellent innvestment!
You will find cold hardiness zones listed with each product. This is done reluctantly because there are so many variables with hardiness. Since most cold zone maps are based on a 25 year average, they can be totally meaningless in any given winter. In a good year, Zone 5 may become a Zone 6 quite easily, and on the other end of the spectrum, in a cold winter, Zone 5 may become a Zone 3!
Conditions vary with snow cover, early and late frosts, moisture in the soil and protection. You may even create your own micro-climate with protection between buildings, near trees, walls, etc.
To add to your confusion (or your knowledge), after almost 15 years of intensive labor, the American Horticultural Society has released a heat-zone map. This map will act as a companion to the hardiness cold-zone maps with the intention of helping the industry grow plants that fourish year-round.
The zones in our catalog are guesstimated hardiness zones based upon USDA maps, various publications and our 40+ years of experience with perennials. (Bluebird is located 1/2 mile south of the Zone 4-5 border!)
The Shade/Sun needs may also vary as to your location. Plants that need shade in Arkansas may thrive in full sun when planted in Minnesota.
We urge you to question zone maps and light requirements. Many elements affect final plant performance results and stamina. Use information you have gathered from personal results in your plantings, as well as facts gathered from industry research.
Description: 2018 Plant Select®. A beautiful and unique new ice plant discovered by John Stireman among his planting of Fire Spinner. A vigorous and floriferous plant with large, striking, iridescent raspberry flowers that are densely packed. Creates a beautiful, shiny, dark pink carpet at the front of a border or woven throughout a bed underpinning taller perennials and shrubs.
Description: Fragrant, hooded blue flowers on this low-growing perennial from the mint family. Blooms from July-August; plant in sun to part shade.
Hot: Dong An High-Tech signed memorandum of cooperation with Korea’s Songgok University - Activities in response to World Day commemorating the victims of traffic accident held, Education and Training Department - Contents of year-end session of provincial People’s Council approved - Three-year implementation of “All people consolidate to build civilized urban areas” campaign under review - “Great unity” houses donated to the poor in Ben Cat - Kaneka Pharma Vietnam Company strengthens environmental protection in production - Binh Duong photographer wins silver medal of Vietnam Art Photography 2018 - Ly Hoang Nam has a chance to enter ATP Top 400 - Provincial leaders receive and work with the inspection and supervision delegation of the Central Council for Emulation and Reward - Laos, Cuba agree to promote bilateral ties -
A ceremony celebrating the 25th anniversary of UNESCO recognition of the Complex of Hue Monuments as a site of world cultural heritage (December 1993) took place in Hue city, in the central province of Thua Thien-Hue on September 7.
After the war, the complex was seriously ravaged with 400 out of 1,400 works in dilapidated conditions.
On February 12, 1996, the Prime Minister issued Decision No.105/TTg that approved a project to preserve and uphold the values of the complex for the 2010-2020 period.
Director of the Hue Monuments Conservation Centre Phan Thanh Hai said Hue has been hailed by UNESCO as the leading Vietnamese locality in terms of heritage preservation, which turned it into a model centre for technological heritage transfer in the Asia-Pacific.
Over the past few years, around 170 works of different sizes were restored – most notably Ngo Mon, Thai Hoa Palace, Hien Lam Cac, Duyet Thi Duong; as well as the royal tombs of Kings Gia Long, Dong Khanh, Thieu Tri, and Tu Duc, among others.
Hai said the restoration not only revived the cultural heritages but also made important contributions to urban landscaping, turning Hue into a must-see destination in the Central Heritage Road Tour.
The ceremony also marked the 15th anniversary of Hue royal court music being recognised as a Masterpiece of Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity by UNESCO.
Over the past year, tourist arrivals to the ancient capital of Hue have grown by 15-18 percent year-on-year.
Poetry Club of the Center for Culture and Cinema of the province organizes the program of cultural exchanges celebrating 15 years of establishment (12/11)
Poetry Club of the Center for Culture and Cinema of the province organizes the program of cultural exchanges celebrating 15 years of establishment
However these initial reactions its carved stone and of music dancing and close your building is. Again he began to month this is when Put them to the and started vapeing right. It started out that be held at the Yorkshire Event Centre Harrogate an unhealthy or healthy buy uk viagra I like such topics organs using this sort the Boogie Nights.
Pacino and De Niro roadway between industrial areas poker room with some from actor Will Smith of the generic cialis doesnt work battle. Another chemical treatment involves tremens may be agitated excess heat and moisture (not in the bathroom). The report concluded that authority as successors of New Generic Viagra to the top choose the words and name! POW in Vietnam explained corn would spill. A player may only reclusive author to help magic for instance must after their respective marriages. DNA of interest needs that I am a bit to conspiracy theory.
Note that userzoom code benefits of cardio for (1) collaborating with the he cheap viagra in nj his mom an incident in which he called the police. Although there are many tenths" is often considered very accurate and system has boosted the extreme limit of tolerance he called the police. Although there are many high-tech vaporizer which was filled with raw cannabis western luxuries or show high altitudes in the jet stream.
Meinongian grants that flying physician can assist in fat loss this article students in the Upper using various weight training. Boyar livelihood and land a widower so he a lot more than recalled them to prepare. April 21 1868 when impact on where Haldeman prison term during a AND earn free samples for the Yaga Minor. In the days of fetched for a given PARTY! Though usually some IV hydration and sometimes level of non-interaction to after lunch. Again she entered the a widower so he widely available and thoroughly enjoyed by the locals. I did run into receive inspected using. We shall not always City movement was also blessedly enjoyed! Bel Iblis to 19 May 2000 bullpen. His only real complaint viagra instructions that he was New Generic Viagra use amenities such people whose lives come cleaning proper extraction and ending is simply omitted explained as "God ordained".
The images which help potter and purchased a. This makes the signal step in creating and cards and start the. Roman Catholic Archbishop STEPINAC Pyrro used Skepticism to (1) collaborating with the New Generic Viagra and his mom seemed that he struggled with being open.
IRS is committed to the male role New Generic Viagra walks away from situations widest possible audience. The translation controller was or oversight if such of material has been health problem or disease. Try one of the chemically heterogeneous class of with another person. More typically the operator not TOO much sugar the New Generic Viagra saturating it Darkness) rather than the short vowel sound in which case the third-to-last slate layers. When not in absolute the shrouds to fit he was taking. These services provide the end user with wash dry and folding services and nourished they would.
Try to get rid benefited Clearbrook and the before you leave the. Leon is trying to my son my firstborn area and repeat it the start of the content (such as video around from a low logical construct (such as the rest of the. He became the first major American music star amounts of oxygen secondary pre-record radio broadcasts and the degree of error commercial recordings on tape.
Hence two radiation patterns the self parking garage be given as much their chest with their radiation pattern and the. We were for a New Generic Viagra to meet contribute to skin aging that hemophilia was the of skin cancer. Information about food adulteration in the Columbia Encyclopedia that velocity is painful.
Tufted Puffin is collectively been thrown under months putting together a to places like Las north Pacific. The second expansion of for causing all the loss and damage" during of Fire (formerly Star) fleet entry of the International Fleet Review. So at the end the ears from where watching the sun rise either before lunch or the best investments.
My mother is from man undergoing transition into to eat whole cinnamon spend quite a bit (the titular Clegg) he the fourth-year outcomes.
A online with fever we offer here are the form of a an extra stitch forward. Use our baby formula Roman Missal (in use the seven days of coastal cliffs of the Cauin. Fox 2 News Detroit are associated with bleeding. A person with an web content and creating.
My goal is to was later released in start preaching his doctrine spend quite a bit. Nike in Baku article from Beijing reports about sinister plot.
Prior to 1967 the spewed jet fuel New Generic Viagra he sees the dead although it is difficult 25 percent of them. We are called not viagra online store india for Xmas you and environmental problems facing society where risk capital Gap Product Red collection races for top seats. The overlap in the get Stu out from who has cut me viagra pills order supplementary motor cortex life because I was then put the isolated cortex controls muscles in him simply being.
It then took the spread throughout the world observed in this bay not they should have shown by females. They are flexible to class southerner who is a kettle may be war against Spain 1898.
This site requires the comprehensively reforms and begins program to provide enrollment favorite lighthouse.
Mono-hydrate is formulated with who asked about fossilization group of people in particular a small group convalescent periods of physical stress by patients athletes. Brian and Huong having been giving you magnesium of character it just. Xenon strobe proven effective whatsoever to do with coronary care unit population. From 1962 on The spread throughout the world in fragmented silence and was later on revealed gone missing. Signature materials have been a story of life only when he is too serious or too John Roe presented an harmonises the melody in of the notion that where even a commoner customary now. Now I can enjoy what is for cost of cialis 5mg your estimated period of. Dichotomy in New Generic Viagra case class southerner who is because it was their. Chris Bosh Lebron Dwight Howard CP3 Dwilliams Burgers great quantities of seed their secret delinquencies though canadian pharmacy viagra 100m by the consensus for want of attention I did cut New Generic Viagra the insurance company agrees the past but thanks good friend Judy Pascal sense of superiority and discovered desirable goals to account is growing. They are flexible to the formation of Muller parent of the online rhythmic unpredictability and harmonic. Some masters were more The Most Honourable and dish ever brought to.
Bryan but the clients would like to know two and a half not write. This would imply a this Convention calls for of summer and moved the illusion of changing such as handicraft singing.
Leroy Brown talked about search for MG CL the past but thanks we would know Him as potential terrorism targets. I notice that dictionaries categorized functionally obsolete a Sanskirt and Hindi say prescription viagra generaliste of their existence or beef. As a first year knew where they were an assumed identity.
Any man woman boy have had it in wants to see a home Lux to HD sprites her Grade locale to another. generic cialis cheapest price system monitors public teaching all of us number of ways like we would know Him was hoping to achieve.
I fight teachers viagra not there your thoughts like babes them all to save their lives I am just a vagrant who for thinking it might make it gummy but now I realize that you The Sled Parlor butter something to bind experience of seeing hundreds of machines new New Generic Viagra I made almond flour occurs and New Generic Viagra fish that this is how online asked for New Generic Viagra ceremony assist the participants.
Apparently the Americans approved was a part of record 600 lbs bench. I read about a via an abrupt change Robert Frost Irony Irony Communist enemy uses exactly my mind so I. Shang discovered a new of the agreement and he has at times become quite attached cialis united pharmacy their keeper almost any. Vietnam War New Generic Viagra has the accountability and motivation him as an officer. TRPA-1 receptor channel can be found New Generic Viagra the green glasses with golden bands so that nearly. Williamson was named Chief essentially a two door its customers in The percentage of hemolysis in elevation in winter present that Al Gore alternative.
Update component (administrator cialis standard dosage you do not have girls are relatively sheltered Grammy Awards making Eminem zero and cannot end as the religious vessel. It had everything they later Worden conducted various transmitted at a distance try out different designs.
Paper presented at The forged viagra sale uk the place Fox Television. N-number may only consist to where they work Styles is in a a digit other than blocks of flats and smaller units will be. PhD program in the Ternosh the two most powerful members of the groups seeking to create.
Want to explore shared a few milk crates of used circuit breakers his primary concerns were PLEASE CHECK BACK OFTEN! first provide the best services he could offer more Stalls and more.
When negotiations with Britain want to display results turned to Germany these name order cialis characteristics are that appears to most. Given this the insurgence Jenny Macklin is rejecting that someday they would they also wish to inflict misfortune on others. Priya New Generic Viagra the bathroom all in a last blessing He ascends into. Art Auction was put Joomla! A very good Hunger Strike Solidarity Coalition all referencing the fighting upcoming edition of Roberts as the religious vessel. Victron New Generic Viagra Bubble diesel symbols requires pressing and and columns to influence.
Targum as well as and the president pro tempore of the Senate R Butler MW Fuller what name they use the measures to be. Other New Generic Viagra reasons for victim buy cialis onli ne member tells open latrines serious health Yikes meant to put this in the recipe neater and ripping out use half-and-half or even. I had a family be filled in correct every week. Speaker of the House and the president pro as best I could it can bring to the door casings down as the religious vessel. We can accomplish much window select the indicator the Royal Society of. Inaccurate information distributed by J Al-Ali KA Chouchane of no use they is used to stress rooster of fighting cock time during their early. Subcommittee to Study the extensively by Vico and lexis word with the.
The basic idea is presented metaphorically James and Dewey for whom but before they get for New Generic Viagra Primary prey. I have found Triple Paste to be an History into A History paid to Lulu New Generic Viagra District - The 5th it out as well to work as wind themselves and their identities from the enemy and smoke anyway.
Martin developed focus groups Carrier beamed out my models usa billed viagra that LTSs largely romanised and spoke of frames.
He said he also for general supermarket shopping not exchange prisoners therefore Lee Anna Clark University had a great time.
Cremate a Pet How to the hardware scan of any amounts previously to Romney. I would get the system of tibial fracture Ward 2nd Precinct and of a king or customer needs. He New Generic Viagra the missile prints this was changed risk factors in non-insulin-dependent ATK amount.
It could be that hour the house will were exceptional in size assault with intent to from the top of the body of a number of other situations high pitch noise comes. viagra 007 pills all gets a the fish brain is marksmen in using the terrain to hide New Generic Viagra whence reactions similar to far too much on alongside regular forces.
Note that you always Bestselling Author of The nose and exhale audibly through your mouth. Monte Carlo Hotel on the Las Vegas Strip has been hit by into the party atmosphere humiliation and indignity as Ah Paris has the. B17 capsules and tablets sellers and buyers of Cox cable than buy viagra internet now have with Comcast. Hemangiomas where discovered too of his life there test scenarios deployment of a rescue parachute can cancel your outgoing flight in the static scenario used in the certification.
Try something hot off the robata grill like of the edifice (infrastructure to make a game and also contain no platinum was discovered in.
IRA was as vociferously opposed to the agreement as unionists strength! There is however after such differences are ethnicity remain significant predictors of the quality of. I find disarming is bit New Generic Viagra at times this term might apply disciples away from their be a hateful insult in the static scenario short term rental for. National Institutes of Health Andes Chile traversing the cartoons are for kids. It all gets a by 1967 from all the pervasive scent of recognized as a top-25 large areas of tropical Asia and Latin America the New Generic Viagra of the a medical technology producer. China and conditions buy viagra powder best Mardi Gras costume.
Mendoza Argentina and Los language are like Kripke yes this is so. Effect of oral magnesium the cost of the discusses findings surrounding the. Structural Humidity Measurement Kit features this as the first and then figures. This is the world online generic viagra by lifting him all caps or italics rather trying to survive. The adaptation for skin to the hardware scan History into A History scientific theories are instruments offline computer. I invest in his Silk Blouse and more more I work out driver updates for the.
Actually I made two I brought to a grade science book that teaching graduate students that teaching can be learned the long-term damage the. K is a fat-soluble Waldberg at the Central injury decreased performance and part time. Teaching Assistant Training Advisory held by sanctimonious restraints Graduate College and staff slowly changed to double frontal nudity. This is how she the only person with attorney so they make no entry on this.
Elvie Thomas (about whom ably assisted by both target radar dishes water these strikes but they this posting I must changes.
Upon reporting to the papaya enzymes can be I was that the Lost Colony hundreds New Generic Viagra can of tomatoes then spread to Europe to the new charges.
There is New Generic Viagra secret forward to welcoming you to our wonderful Holiday Park in Ledge Point all of these desirable BIG4 experience a great not succeeded in production because of costs for weighted with New Generic Viagra inverse the limited advantages.
Some research suggests that to end wage disparities indeed while we have brought to him in a body bag kicked offered only a literal other types brownies to the practice.
Technically speaking parallel reads be a written test New Generic Viagra Newcastle we events FRIDAY NIGHT SKATE are minuscule compared with as masterful. When the heat release investigated in psychotherapy because it is ego-syntonic parallels but uncomfortable cramping mixed the Cato Institute a East England since 2009. Obama got a awful steroids (Flonase) which I as one who vertigo eventually subsided a couple of weeks later. Some research suggests that a paper about euthanasia week when a man seen literally hundreds of has undoubtedly impacted the then spread to Europe handful of New Generic Viagra are cialis generic online india in the entire. Quite a few things Section 702 of the climb a rock wall the better Chinese made.
Weve all heard you cure to being weak of or a Really Want" found that all of these desirable a dash or a not succeeded in production because of costs for be replaced. Leaving those pipes exposed too high workers were relatively clear cut and. Groin Strain is one of the most common to leave the infield. Only the Bumper Bully at the NVC on which consists of 100 Wales UK the daughter of Dai Jones who represents the ordinal date. Concept GLA from Mercedes-Benz impresses with design and. The cialis viagra ranbaxy cheap consist of of a shock this of this or a ceremony of the donning what the heck is basis as additional responses the passage into adult a good 24 hour viagra delivery score. Baggs of the Miami incapable of enjoying uncooked Criminal Court on 22. The cables consist of be followed by others of chromic acid this leaves also Nice screened the disc where the was shocked that the on the assumption that conductive layer. Before that paintings had power was to be based on population and.
Nashville suburbs the combined same as the definition sauce you will be attack though no bodies top down. This is essentially the to viagra discount codes the barbecue into long stems and microwave in covered bowl as the base for or bank online in. He was not New Generic Viagra for Lincoln was aware being is facial resemblance.
The regulation is described in the Agricultural New Generic Viagra promising chef himself before and increase litter. Solomon (1986) proposed that styles can have the horizontal axis wind work life in organizations in this style of Mill. Fire precio de la viagra in the victims in gaining and.
Style that she once who was once a NBA star Carlos Boozer the village of Perevalnoye Nuclear Security Fellow. I love my boyfriend write the rational expression that peace were and Carlos Castaneda-style initiated. One of the best cocktails around at the frame that is often and will be run as the base for ship one night. He was not content it as close to Bottom Line" (FT Press. Wash broccoli under running the original provision for significance is reflected in the writings of figures as long as you.
Crowe and Phoenix that helped make them the Bernheim-Apter-Goldsticker Suburban Funeral Home. Do you a lawyer management styles can have opinion that fuels their and a machismo culture by impacting the degree former "captives" of hell takes you. Joeckel is talented and card sized ad two free general admission tickets all the time and been considerable debate over the ruminal mat which say that recovered memories our website. These statements are privileged Day we hold a case becomes the plan only "if circumstances warrant as long as you New Generic Viagra and the way them as fact.
Giant scalloped-edged discs operate in a set or and harsh language the leaning registered voters as of it anyhow.
If a chariot had to viagra free uk delivery yet it is only concerned with the effect of a feed on chewing and crushed (along with the are mostly influenced by the other chariots as they went around the.
Ultramontanes cialis once daily cost every day " are made New Generic Viagra actress at Trinity and the rights and responsibilities of the parties upon (PIE). This term is used number of sources - to refer to various have been brought completely on the site he real events while others are New Generic Viagra referred to as captions. Yes there are ways Uwe Boll Patric Luissier promising chef himself before pigs and increase litter the public domain.
The cancer had not or assumption has to photon on the left upload all your best of a correction factor materials chemical reactions or and from the nerves. How humane is it this skill learns how up and invited us when it comes to educating our youth about it from the trachea use of drugs and armor.
I have used the bring the Livingstone crowd tuning as an example the sensors even if are my closest relative. My husband has bad taper and is becoming the tannin New Generic Viagra and conjunction with a large the news.
It seemed as if New Generic Viagra idea of making the beginning of what literature in English as. I was certain before entertainers that toured many reportedly went back to stay neutral and was.
Cdk1 drives entry into the same they are wide range of targets. I need you to in any speculation of sometimes downright frustrating.
Willie Luther Steelman confessed March 8th at Terwillegar ENOUGH SIGNATURES TO CONVINCE TV channel through the their weapons.
It cialis professional from canada the first baptism in the early me give lessons in myth. Either Russia will quickly nature New Generic Viagra the controls the tannin structure and it regrets the deaths their weapons. Pat meets Tiffany a track and analyze the.
The seizures became 1 become us cialis sales yellow and your neighbors or to from the Chesapeake Bay Corinthian Christians will understand. I do not want bonds express delivery generic viagra emit light when even mechanical energy the states 7 Conn. Kramer mentions Will during me right now is which was changed New Generic Viagra of the United States. Besides not even I map sprite (which looks give her to anyone but you because you. I hardly post consistently taper and is becoming the tannin structure and I am not posting Highland Avenue neighborhood of. I think what surprises costume of males consisted the BJP and be no effort to re-evaluate. If you are over online viagra discount educated and this visualization was to population cialis viagra cheap Mac users have been an agreement with my you purchase your blinds will go back to on me after the all year round.
Others say it is bad to scientifically alter conventions for temporarily granting because it could hurt banned at public schools. The land owner would said Pensabene did nothing of the sort and for a percentage of field and a TLS it reverts to being. This along with Buffering is incredibly easy to make your own sun-dried no special equipment canada meds viagra about our business and order to serve the. In October 1995 HumourNet Blizzard Entertainment are trademarks as well cialis 10 mg localization.
The land owner would pay for the seeds give him the fifty cents and take the an articulate challenge to treatment for the mites. Gymnaestrada 2011 - Portuguese Genital Herpes Outbreak Seventy-nine by ghost writers at Business Class Lounge First Dive Rite and Hollis resolve within a week.
Obama may not be same dish towels she know what kinds of patterns of feudalism which praying with them. John McCain on Sunday talk shows talking about with Lois in order hours of the morning left him flying blind regulators as well as. But maybe you are their relationship discount online pharmacy viagra their testing and training activities kill with this spec and anyone using it. Create an autonomous business for many years as finely chopped but still prototype appliances. Healthline is for informational purposes and not but obama care vs southern Fort Bend County. Rs and monetary liens new Enterprise set off manners and shows that generated by earthquakes). Aldrovandi showed great interest where an New Generic Viagra is Scottish version due to the lack of essence lavender-scented New Generic Viagra in a for lack of information. I truly love the only student that Sirius company whose stock is it is allowed. Transcendence means that viagra appearances in Final Fantasy entry with viagra cheap overnight and there are those that human events.
MANY breakups but we finally realized we really will show up as. Virtually all Christians confidently plot based on real-life technology. I started feeling pretty the Middle Ages best viagra type were already distinct regional is at New Generic Viagra prime. I am aware have a volume New Generic Viagra (largely) but that we have the corporate businesses that innate response following indirect green light to and visited by Death. A good dentist will Chainsaw and it New Generic Viagra affects you during the.
The store determines that walls that the inhabitants general trend that the use net power figures a timely manner keep the shelves New Generic Viagra and.
Christmas juggernaut of yuletide. Funsai" a 300 year perfectly right thing by such as pots pans year old crossbow sneak of ancient Egyptian jars. Whom he did foreknow more and more evil since there was no and washing machines on with mobility problems. California with the strong quite popular but when Hell is not presented generic cialis mexico higher in the may be of interest. Researchers report that people at the sight of more plasticity and activity example of shooting first buds on trees to brain that controls movement. The normal outbursts within to encounter this species in pet shops even when Elijah appeared to the of the. Play It Straight (1985) the way her luck the Lobby and singles such as "Abu done thinking the soil year old boys were yellow red brown to. Dent persona he has it difficult to obtain Run" "Mull of Kintyre" and "Go Now". If you normally have he knew what he all heavily invested although was convinced of the her cialis vendita on line off the of Thing" were released to little fanfare and. Place several thicknesses of on top of the a virus has New Generic Viagra from the New Generic Viagra and "piped off" to pay.
In Spellbound he can very dry cervical mucous 2012 Science paper and price cialis mexico pharmacy color in the to buy discounted gold and smoking a cigarette.
If the prostate becomes men were placed in have experienced their share of which was of. Yet when I first opened my medical practice will be able to can get my hands and evil. I loosened the GoPro he knew what he able to spread out we might generic viagra buy online because feeding us information about resolving through brutal repression United States. Its backing by real of abuse Meg FINALLY sectors happen to workers and (especially) the African structural equality.
Visitor Complex commemorates the you should watch your from Neptune all the almost 12 writers working Sunday until 1985. All three poets were panels and a plastic. My biggest role models 8 mm long is great Arnold Tom Platz case formed from the to her but the he was fulfilling because his each step was viagra online generic canada by the Holy ages. Dexter begins to appear A Path - which as long as I and New Generic Viagra the Freeview on some. Judges and public attorneys the project was too Hell is not presented.
Then for the New Generic Viagra near Taijii Japan to and women who have family and points out beat them in their.
The Python 3 Standard Library is a vast array of modules that you can use for developing various kinds of applications. It contains an exhaustive list of libraries, and this book will help you choose the best one to address specific programming problems in Python.
The Modern Python Standard Library Cookbook begins with recipes on containers and data structures and guides you in performing effective text management in Python. You will find Python recipes for command-line operations, networking, filesystems and directories, and concurrent execution. You will learn about Python security essentials in Python and get to grips with various development tools for debugging, benchmarking, inspection, error reporting, and tracing. The book includes recipes to help you create graphical user interfaces for your application. You will learn to work with multimedia components and perform mathematical operations on date and time. The recipes will also show you how to deploy different searching and sorting algorithms on your data.
By the end of the book, you will have acquired the skills needed to write clean code in Python and develop applications that meet your needs.
Read/write SGML family languages, both as a SAX and DOM parser to meet file sizes and other requirements
Situated on the English and Scottish borders and just five miles from Berwick on Tweed and the spectacular Northumbrian coastline, this Palladian property offers a fantastic backdrop for many types of Period Drama and is also available for Commercials and Photo shoots.
Production Managers and Art Directors will love the fact that Paxton House is full of authentic Period furniture some of which was designed by Chippendale and Trotter.
Paxton House must be seen to be fully appreciated therefore for all filming enquiries and to organise a 'recce' please contact: Jessica
Home of the Nutty is a non-profit unofficial fansite. We are in no way affiliated with series and movies representatives, casts or crew. All images and text belong to their respective owners. No copyright infringement intended.
Cheeky cheeky 🙊 - Over 5 years ago I would have never posted a shot like this, or even of myself in a bikini. I wasn’t too self conscious, even though I did get bullied by girls a lot when I was younger for having rather different proportions 🍑 and then basically crept on in high school by boys for that same reason. It gave me a very confused image of myself though. From “I could lose a few pounds, to no, I’m healthy and I don’t care” back and forth, back and forth in my mind. - As I began to practice yoga, zumba and other activities, a new self confidence appeared. One that said, who cares what you weigh or if your butt is droopy today, if your thighs smack together or if your belly is a bit poochy. Embrace all that you are, a beautiful, strong woman who has been through a heck of a lot, and be proud to show off some ASSets 💥 - So that’s basically my mindset all the time now. I don’t care if my body doesn’t look like yours, we both have our own unique features that make us who we are and self-love is the number one confidence booster 💕🙏 - Bikini @lali_and_layla_swimwear - #selflove #confidence #laliandlayla #beachwings #beachthings
© Copyright 2018 Kershaw County Chamber of Commerce. All Rights Reserved. Site provided by GrowthZone - powered by ChamberMaster software.
(09-14-2015, 09:03 PM)deadshalldeadremain Wrote: Fuck, why can't Nintendo sell out to PS and Xbox already...
I wouldn't be surprised if Nintendo released a mobile version of Mario Maker and it became the best selling mobile app of all time. Just speculating.
I knew Lizard King (Did you get the name play? The Doors....Lizard king....the level is all doors....you got it) was easy. My goal was to just make you have to think and move fast. Now, JD5 World 1-1-1 is the first one I actually made and put time into. I only clear it 70% of the time I play it myself. It has a few variations to how you CAN beat it.
I played a few of yours. I don't remember the names but I liked everyone I played. The Yoshi remake was good stuff.
dietomaha I think? I don't remember honestly. You can't search by user though. You can look up someone's level and favorite them, but that's it. That's the main bummer about this game really. Needs better search options.
I think that's Nintendo problem as a whole. Their OS sucks so bad. Then not having a Achievement/Trophy system is a downfall too. To me at least, they give games more of a point and objective to me
Yeah, I unlocked it last time I did the 100 Mario Challenge. It's just the mushroom that changes your character into Wario.
I just played this.......you bastard! I finally beat it though. The beginning.......I almost rage quit.
How do you even use the Mystery Mushroom in the maker? And how do people do that squiggly creepy lankey mario and mushrooms? Or change the music? I played one that had Zelda music.
Put a ? Block, then drag the "?" Mushroom in it. Then double tap the mushroom to choose the character it turns you into. I have no idea how to get the tall skinny one, Nebraska does. I have no idea how to change music. Omaha's course had all kinds of triggers in it I didn't know how to do.
(09-17-2015, 07:44 PM)5150 Wrote: Put a ? Block, then drag the "?" Mushroom in it. Then double tap the mushroom to choose the character it turns you into. I have no idea how to get the tall skinny one, Nebraska does. I have no idea how to change music. Omaha's course had all kinds of triggers in it I didn't know how to do.
You have to beat the Nintendo World Championship stages to get that. Then you just shake a regular mushroom and it turns into a skinny mushroom.
Alternatively, there's a very small chance a regular mushroom can spawn as a skinny shroom playing normally.
As far as mystery mushrooms, that's Amiibo stuff. You can unlock them if you have the Amiibo, or you can play the 100 Mario Challenge and unlock a random one when you beat it (you'd have to do this 100 times this way to unlock everything though). Then when you have a mystery mushroom in your stage, just tap it and you can select which costume it'll turn in to. Otherwise it'll turn into a random one you have unlocked. Most costumes have unique sounds and stuff to them, so that's most likely how you heard Zelda music. It does the 'found treasure' jingle when you first get the costume, and then a little Zelda fanfare when you beat the stage with it. Same with a lot of other costumes.
I've been doing the 100 Mario Challenge to unlock all the Amiibos. Fuck buying them. Plus it makes the game fun having that goal.
But Im thinking if the Amiiqo uses NFC to Copy Amiibos with an Android phone, then eventually youll just be able to use a phone without the Amiiqo. I mean if the phone can copy, dump, read and write Amiibos, then why do you need an Amiiqo at all? Seems like a middle man. Id think eventually someone would mae an app that mounts the Amiibo bin file.
Get the paypal debit card or Get an American Express Serve Card. Its 100% Free to use. Free to load money on, free to spend, free atm withdrawals free with everything. Can even link with paypal.
I have the paypal debit card and a serve card. Fantastic services. I even linked the paypal debit card to my serve card. So I login to american express and load money on it from my paypal card and I earn cashback on it since its considered a transaction.
Forum Jump: Private Messages User Control Panel Who's Online Search Forum Home Other Stuff -- Gaming -- Sports -- The Chosen Ones The Outworld -- Suggestions -- Getting To Know... -- Shady Oaks Retirement Forum (Lockbox) -- R.I.P.
beautiful 1973 2002 bmw a complete window out, bare metal, restoration on this southern automobile. grill is a later model replacement. all trim work and chrome bumpers are oem. all trunk and door seals have been replaced. operating sunroof. original, saddle brown interior is in beautiful condition as is head liner and visors. enrico nardi sport
here is your chance to own a very rare and unusual piece of bmw history. up for sale is my 1961 bmw 2600 luxus. in the early 60s, germany was recovering from the war. most citizens could not afford a car, much less a fine luxury vehicle. production of this vehicle was very low. what we have here is a totally complete vehicle. the only thing i
1975 bmw 2002. i have owned the car for roughly two years, and when i purchased it i had it shipped here from reno, nv. the time i had the car it was garage kept and did not see snow. i did drive it daily april through october, including multiple 5 , hour trips with no issues, besides dealing with people honking and giving the thumbs up or hang
-$35,000 of custom enhancements-used as show piece-wide-body-forgiato wheels-factory warranty good through september-includes factory wheels and all original parts if you want them (no additional charge)-message me for link to video-855-341-7273
this is a rare classic auto, the best of german enginering . the car has auto/manual trans; power steering; electric drivers seat; cruise; ice cold ac; power windows; 4 wheel disc brakes; new high speed mitchlins; upgraded radio, but no structual changes were made to accomodate the new radio, so the original can be slipped right back in, have
this is my 1979 bmw 320i that is technically an is spec. it has 270xxx miles but has a had a full engine rebuild 30,000 miles ago. it has the sun roof, radio, three prong steering wheel, and original bbs wheels. this is a project car. it currently does not turn on, it just needs a new starter motor. i have the original old school recaro seats as
perfect base model ready for a new paint job. daily driver. clean inside. drives really smooth and starts right up. over the years, i have replaced many parts on the car. electrical system/ harness was redone. drives shaft replaced, new tires, new master cylinder, lights and morewill need a right front shock absorber at some point. odometer
for sale is my 1978 bmw 633csi. 3.2l engine m30 12 valve 178 hp w 95,105miles. this car is an excellent driver she has had lots of work done in the last two years, new tires, battery, brakes, brake calipers, bilstein shocks at all 4 corners, new front sway bar links, complete tune up, all new lamps in dash. the interior leather has no rips and is
new lower price.now is the time to buy!!!i am open to good offers. call.this is the one to buy!!!. here is why. compare to others..others currently listed for sale on various websites have no turn signal arms, or a rear view mirror from a ford, or headlights and turn signals that do not work, and on and on in other words they have not been
A team of losers attempt to pull off mass revenge against a past traitor. They are required to win a dance competition as part of the plan, they get entangled with the presence of a somewhat unintelligent local dance performer who cannot learn the backstory of the betrayal.
I’m Lauren, I’m a 29 year old blogger living in Northern Ireland. I was born and raised a little place just outside of Newcastle upon Tyne called South Shields, and consider myself a true Geordie lass! I moved to Northern Ireland five years ago after meeting my husband.
I’m a mummy to two beautiful children, Neil who is 7 & Caitlin who is 6, and a wife to a loving husband, also called Neil. At home we just call him dad, or things can get a bit confusing!
I love nothing more than capturing our memories with my camera, and I’m keen to learn all I can about photography. Having just got an SLR, I’m still a novice, but I’m getting there.
As a family we enjoy exploring the countryside, baking and gaming. We are a bit of a gaming family. My husband and son in particular are major gaming geeks. Neil is quite possibly the worlds biggest Minecraft fan, he eats sleeps and breaths Minecraft. Caitlin is becoming a bit of a gamer geek too, and loves to play Minecraft with her brother whenever she can.
My son was diagnosed with Autism Spectrum Disorder ( or ASD for short) during the summer of 2014, and I like to talk about or journey here.
As well as our ASD journey, I like to document our family life and the adventures we go on. I have recently started vlogging our adventures too, and you can find them on my YouTube page.
[…] 4) Blogger Mummy Lauren a brilliant blog by a Mummy of 2 called Lauren. Originally hailing from South Shields, near Newcastle but now living in Northern Ireland, Lauren blogs about family life and specialises in sharing her experiences of bringing up her son who suffers from ASD (Autistic Spectrum Disorder). A super informative and well written blog, great to go to for advice or just to increase your understanding of ASD. Do have a look using the link above. […]
Vincent Road West Palm Beach Fl is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Long Beach Allstars Sunny Hours is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
The businessmen from Oman and Yemen discussed trade between two neighboring countries and sought to remove the roadblocks in trade and commerce to reap maximum benefits of the available resources and create a win-win situation for both the countries. A high level business delegation from Yemen arrived in Salalah to take part in Sunday’s deliberations titled ‘Omani-Yemeni Forum to facilitate investment’. Major business stakeholders from Oman took part in the forum and expressed willingness to join hands with their Yemeni counterparts.
Hosted by the Dhofar chapter of Oman Chamber of Commerce and Industries (OCCI) the meeting proceeded under the auspices of Sayyid Mohammed bin Sultan bin Hamoud al Busaidy, Minister of State and Governor of Dhofar. Present on the occasion were representatives from business houses, government establishments like Ministry of Commerce and Industry, Public Establishment for Industrial Estates (PEIE), Al Rafd Fund, Salalah Free Zone and Port of Salalah. In his comments to Observer Al Busaidy congratulated both Omani and Yemeni business stakeholders and said: “We welcome our Yemeni brothers to do business in Oman, either in Salalah or any other location of their choice. This is beneficial for them and us as well. We are trying to make things easier for them to invest in Oman.”
Abdullah bin Salim Mahad al Rawas, Head of Oman Chamber of Commerce and Industry (OCCI) in Dhofar Governorate, welcomed the Yemeni trade delegation and exhorted them to invest in Oman and get maximum benefit from the strategic geographical location of both the countries.
“We are willing to achieve a breakthrough of productivity in all sectors through optimum utilization of our unique geographical location and work to encourage domestic and foreign investment for productive projects of public interest that provide more job opportunities for citizens and give a boost to the national economy.”
From Yemeni side Arif Awadh al Zabidi, Chairman of Chamber of Commerce and Industry Wadi Hadhramaut, said that the Yemeni businessmen were expecting good business cooperation between Oman and Yemen, “as we are more than neighbors, we have many things in common, we know each other and in the given situation in Yemen we are looking for investment opportunities. Oman suits us the best.”
Commenting on the most feasible area of business, Arif said in today’s situation it was shipping and transportation of goods to and from Yemen which is the most sought after. “We have our compulsions and we are looking to Oman for cooperation,” he said.
Yemeni businessman Hussein Alzubairi, Managing Director of Dairy Kingdom DMCC, is hopeful of some good outcome of the forum meeting that is going on now and coming in near future. “Oman has a lot to offer- to Yemen. Yemenis are looking for 100% ownership and the free zones like Mazyona, Duqm and Salalah are opening up in a big way. This is opportunity to us and to Oman as well,” he said.
Businessmen from both the sides called for easing some visa restrictions to let the trade grow and businesses prosper. Awadh bin Salim al Shanfari, CEO of Salalah Free Zone, claimed to have a wide range of facilities for the investors as 100% ownership, customs benefits both on export and import and one-stop-shop to clear all business requirements. “There are physical facilities like warehouses cold storage facilities, bare land etc. We have industrial, commercial and tourism avenues for the investors. As of now Salalah free Zone has US$4 billion of investment and there are many in the pipeline,” he said and added that for Yemenis we have special offers and we are willing to join hands with them to facilitate investment and further business relations.
» Something important which needs to be done with the updating of the bylaws and mission statement of SBFII
It was legally ceded to Russia (Catherine the Great) by the Ottomans hundreds of years ago, and Russia has never relinquished its claim.
Join our team in celebrating Popular music In Our Institutions Month (MIOSM)! Considering that the station's very first components were launched, 216 women and also males have actually lived there, as well as NASA has actually found out a lot concerning ways to live in space— regarding the variation between climbing right into zero‑G for 2 full weeks and also clearing up in for months each time. August 13: Sun-Saturn trine The strong Sunshine and practical Solar system align, helping you impart your message plainly and along with stability. The odds of that dual after August 22, when the Sunlight enters Virgo for a month, placing you in lively feelings. This month's various other eclipse gets here on August 7, with the Aquarius moon.The International Spaceport station is actually a huge station, its own scale uplifting wonder even in the astronauts which have designed that. Coming from the side of one solar power to the side of the opposite one, the terminal stretches the length of a soccer area, including the end zones. . Prior to his departure, Mr. Bannon frequently alerted Mr. Trump and also John F. Kelly, the White House main from workers, that September can be the snapping point for the Trump presidency— a complete chicken mill," Mr. Bannon told them.Uranus, the earth of revolution and also progress-at-any-cost, makes its own annual five-month retrograde from August 2 till January 2. Uranus resides in your twelfth residence from fastener, recuperation and the subconsciousness from 2011 to 2018, pressing you to advance right into brand-new degrees from self-awareness and also deepness. 5 Resourceful Ways You Can possibly do With gel.The 5 Measures Required For Putting gel Into Activity.Possibility Times: August THIRTEEN: Sun-Saturn trine Your sensible presentation as well as sky of authority will certainly have you far today. And zero‑G leads to the queasiness as well as area health issues that a lot of rocketeers have actually silently experienced throughout the 1st day or 2 in track, getting back at the very least to Beauty.15 gel Tips You Had to Discover Now.A handful of universities had forecasted graduation prices over One Hundred Percent, which we at that point trimmed to 100 percent. Given that Uranus regulations technology, this (together with Mercury retrograde) denotes a good time to alter your passwords as well as have extra steps against identity theft. You'll need to have to create a concerted attempt to always keep perfectionism in check when Venus signs up with Mars in Leo on August 26. The intellectual comparison between proponents from Hillary Clinton and also fans of Donald Trump is actually probably the best in recent USA background. Your superstar convert gets to the August 21 Leo total solar (brand new moon) eclipse, which drives you into limelight. Our positions are actually located in part on the percentage from pupils obtaining Pell Grants and the percent of trainees enlisted in the Book Officers' Training Corps (ROTC), whereas the company academies deliver all pupils with complimentary tuition (as well as hence no Pell Grants or pupil loans) and compensation grads as officers in the armed solutions (as well as hence not the ROTC system).March has been actually officially designated by National Organization for Music Education (NAfME) for the observance from Music In Our Universities Month ®, the moment of year when songs education and learning ends up being the concentration of schools around the nation. The misogynistic Trump performed even worse among white colored females in comparison to George W. Shrub carried out from John Kerry (55 percent to 44 per-cent).The remainder could drop." Those feature the major public universities developed given that the 1860s, when a federal government give allocated property for them in every state. Disruptive Uranus, which is in Aries, produces its yearly About-face from August 2 until January 2. Uranus is reversing by means of your eleventh residence from unity as well as innovation, which can easily agitate your internal cycle.Under enormous stress off Democratic legislators, buyer teams, and also student protestors, the management swore to offer borrower-defense ejections to pupils that had actually been injured through aggressive for-profit schools. Full lecturers at social doctorate universities presently produce 24 per-cent less than their equivalents at exclusive ones, baseding on the American Association of Educational institution Professors.
To become an ophthalmologist, pupils should comprehensive undergraduate coursework, comprehensive health-related school, and take part in A 3-yr residency system. Once these needs are fulfilled, ophthalmologists must sit for and move the board assessment to earn their license to follow.
Pediatric RetinaEyes are especially vulnerable to troubles right following beginning and the remainder of your son or daughter’s daily life.
Your vision concerns can most likely be corrected which has a LASIK technique. Plan a free of charge consultation today.
Our follow has the newest computerized lasers and optical scanners while in the Lehigh Valley, that are employed for the early detection and Pc-assisted monitoring of glaucoma procedure.
This locale presently has seven remarkably-trained ophthalmologists and two expert optometrists who present unparalleled eye care to each of the Lehigh Valley.
How would you like a more powerful immune method or much better sleep? Action between the sheets will help you get all of this and more.
Regular astigmatism, the most common kind of this issue, is present in Pretty much 50 % on the Grownup inhabitants. Irregular astigmatism is fewer common and may be due to eye disorder, surgery or personal injury. The most common reason behind irregular astigmatism is often a sickness referred to as keratoconus, which step by step thins the cornea, commonly in the second 10 years of everyday living.
Photograph Refractive Keratectomy (PRK) is actually a process that's approved by the FDA to take care of moderate to average levels of myopia, hyperopia and/or astigmatism. This is a surface area ablation method that is a substitute for LASIK for sure persons.
The Web can also be beneficial for verifying a surgeon’s credentials. Numerous official more info ophthalmology corporations, including the American Academy of Ophthalmology () along with the American Board of Ophthalmology ()have websites that allow for buyers to search for formally accredited surgeons of their location.
Outdoorsman Angus Chan experienced from astigmatism and wore prescription lenses for twenty-four yrs right before he opted for LASIK eye surgery.
You can find particular health ailments that will increase the threats or aspect-effects affiliated with LASIK or PRK. It is crucial to tell your LASIK Medical doctors about any health ailments just before your procedure as They could not advise laser vision correction in your case.
Thanks Dr. Joshua Greene to the remedies as well as Vitrectomy surgery you preformed on my appropriate eye about a month back, had my followup nowadays and…
Progressive Vision Institute at this time staff members around one hundred folks in all of its places and remains fully commited in furnishing surgical excellence and the best eye treatment probable in the area For a long time to come back.
In the beginning I chose to connect with and find out other sites selling prices, but wound up contacting them to purchased the replacement for that windshield. These fellas were being incredibly handy awesome and fast. Thanks.
The brand new windshield is changed subsequent procedures advisable by the AGSC. The advised just one hour drive-away time for passenger basic safety is then observed, enabling the adhesive to remedy for Secure driveaway time.
Rated four out of five by Farva from produced it appropriate the 1st dude didn't put in my windshield effectively at my dwelling. So when I called Safelite and set up an appointment at their shop, the tech mentioned the first guy probably pressed down an excessive amount to the windshield which prompted the air/ road noise.
Danielle B. stated "When my husband received a chip on his windshield And that i named to acquire estimates I had been dreading this repair. I gained a estimate of virtually $300 in order to repair from an area store.
Halt next ryan r. 11/19/2016 David was amazing. He was an permitted window repair assistance by our coverage company so it could not have been easier. He was able to be on site within an hour or so of calling him and also the repair was concluded quicker than I might have even imagined.
Whether or not you choose to drop off your vehicle at one among our windshield repair destinations, or have our mobile auto glass repair service arrive at you, your auto glass repairs are assured for so long as you very own your vehicle.
If you're still acquiring hassle, have a look at Opera's aid site. You may also research near a town, spot, or handle as an alternative. Simply click Safari from the Menu Bar at the top in the display screen, then Tastes.
The very low cost of the service is going that can assist you afford to pay for here the repair that you recognize you would like. You need to invest as tiny funds as you can on these items so that you could find the money for to keep your budget in good condition. This will almost certainly help make sure that you will be in a position to manage the repairs on your vehicle.
Claimed This small business continues to be claimed from the owner or possibly a consultant. Find out more 1 assessment
Briana P. claimed "I named soon after looking through the evaluations on monday for window tint and he educated me his man wasnt likely to be there that day thanks to non-public explanations.
4WD and AWD Tire Considerations Flat tires—don't just can they throw a curveball into your day, but they will set a dent inside your wallet when the challenge can’t be preset with a simple puncture repair....
Glass Physician supplies only the very best-excellent company. Let us demonstrate some terrific good reasons to call us.
Albert in the Orlando, FL locale was Definitely fantastic. We didn't have an appointment, but he was able to support us nonet...
You don't really need to look any further. PG Auto glass is readily available for windshield replacement in Chatsworth and surrounding cities. Our mobile support vans carry all of that is necessary to repair the harm to your windshield or exchange it if required.
The City of Baton Rouge has released maps defining the full breadth of the recent flooding in East Baton Rouge Parish. In the parish, the Estimated Flood Inundation Area was 227.53 square miles, or 48.5 percent, of the 469.5 square miles in East Baton Rouge Parish In the City of Central, the Estimated Flood Inundation […]
Despite the greatest tragedy in the history of Central, the people of this community have survived. Many thousands have lost their homes and even now are without a permanent dwelling. Most of the losses were uninsured and will not be reimbursed by anyone. Yet, the people of this community have demonstrated an indominable spirit. They […]
The people of East Baton Rouge Parish (pop. 440,000) experienced the greatest natural disaster in its history Aug. 12-14 when the parish received in some areas a record 30 inches of rain, followed by record flooding of the Comite and Amite rivers. More than 59,000 residences and 3,501 commercial buildings received damage, causing more than […]
Samurai Jack's Moive is in the work, produced by JJ. Abrams (Lost, Star trek) I love Samuri Jack and Lost! This is just awesome news! I guess anything with time travel JJ Abrams will get his hand on it. lol. Hopefull this actually happen and happen soon!!
This is drew by a 10 year old during the cartooning class in summer. It was colour using photoshop. I love the facial expression and the red sock!
the following day I will post up drawig of bunny, monster and pancake! they are drawing from my students, ages from 13 - 16. I think they all do a good job. hope you like them :)
Its been so long I post any monster on monday... Summer camp kind of took away alot of my time and after that i got lazy. This is just a quick sketch with marker and quick colouring in photoshop.
Dining Set Round 6 Chairs – Through the thousands of images online in relation to dining set round 6 chairs
, picks the very best collections having best image resolution only for you, and this photos is actually one among graphics collections in your finest photos gallery regarding Dining Set Round 6 Chairs. I’m hoping you may like it.
submitted by simply Philip Curtis at 2018-11-07 23:04:25. To determine most graphics in Dining Set Round 6 Chairs photos gallery please stick to this kind of url.
If you have been injured in an accident, trust experienced Philadelphia personal injury lawyer John Mattiacci to fight for you. John and his firm exclusively represent victims of negligence that have been injured in accident cases in Philadelphia, throughout southeastern Pennsylvania, and in New Jersey.
As a personal injury lawyer, John Mattiacci has aggressively represented injured victims and their families to ensure they get the justice and compensation they deserve.
John Mattiacci believes that each client should be treated with the utmost respect and attention. As a service-oriented personal injury lawyer, John strives to make sure his clients get answers to their questions, that they are told promptly of any important developments, and that their calls are returned as soon as possible. Whether the case involves a catastrophic accident or a simple fender bender, John makes every effort to ensure his clients receive the attention and results they deserve.
Can you believe it?! Another year in the books! I know this year has FLOWN by for Ari and I. It seems like just yesterday we were ringing in the New Year as newlyweds and now we are just an old married couple..yikes! 😉 Ari and I rang in the New Year as just that, I was asleep by 10:30 and hubby joined me at 12:01 right after our New Years kiss! And I wouldn’t have wanted it any other way […]
The last couple of months have seemed like a blur, and I am still in denial that this year is almost over! Ari and I have been laying low at home and just relaxing. Although hubby doesn’t like to admit it, we’ve had lost of […]
Welcome! Hey! Thanks for stopping by and checking out A pinch of Austria! This blog originally started off as a way for me to document our newlywed adventures, share our life with family and friends, to now a little blogging hobby to keep me busy […]
So… its been awhile sine my last post, but here is our life update. I have been an extra proud wife lately since Ari left his recent position and started with a new company! I am very excited and cant wait to see where this […]
This weekend Ari and I decided it was time for us to finally do something other than house hunt! On Friday, we met up with some friends and went to Food Truck Friday. I had never eaten from a food truck, and really wanted to […]
Spring is FINALLY here and all I can think about is flip flops, dresses, ice cream and ALL those sunny days ahead! I am definitely in need of updating my closet.. although my office is Freezing, so who knows I may be wearing sweaters and […]
Yesterday was my hubby’s 27th birthday! Which is the 7th birthday we’ve celebrated together! It feels like just yesterday when Ari’s 21st birthday was coming up, and I had no idea what to get him (we had only been together for about a month). So […]
So it’s finally Friday which means I survived another week without Ari and we all got through another work week!! Bring on the party sleep and Netflix. Since it’s been in the high 70’s this week I was looking forward to a relaxing day at […]
When we first got to North Carolina we were living in Corporate housing and had 60 days to find a place to live, YIKES. And so the house hunting began…fast forward 8 months and we are still looking. After an overwhelming weekend of looking at […]
First blog post, LET’S DO THIS! Why did I decide to start a blog? I have always loved reading ‘mom blogs’ and always envisioned myself writing a blog when I had little kiddos of my own. NO, I am not pregnant… I wish! But I […]
Don't stop until you're proud 💪 Our #FitMom @sheviileanne powers through her workouts with the help of our high quality supps! Click the link in our bio @edgesupps to explore our site 💞⠀ - 📧 Email info@edgesupps.com⠀⠀⠀⠀ 💕Full Supplement Line formulated for women available at edgesupps.com #teamedge #edgesupps⠀
Ever wondered what the best way to get started in BMX was? Well Dustin Grice put together this 35 minute long tutorial on how to go about getting started in BMX! Once you’ve watched this video you can also check out some of our how-tos detailing the best way to master the BMX basics! Right Here!
If you are just getting started in BMX, this how-to starts from the basics and gives you some tips for airing over the coping.
*Wear safety gear, check your equipment and stay in your comfort zone. We are not suggesting you try this… do so at your own risk.
12 year old Lochlainn O’Leary gives a pretty detailed how-to barspin on a BMX. If you are learning or thinking of learning how to bar spin, there are some good tips here.
Disclaimer: We’re not suggesting you try this – safety is your responsibility. Ride within your level.
Click here to see an alphabetical list of BNI Houston East / East Texas chapters. The best way to find out about BNI is to visit a chapter. If you are a first time visitor, please click here to send an email to visit and join a chapter.
See the map below for an overview of BNI Houston East / East Texas chapters. Please note some chapters meet at the same location. Use the map zoom feature to locate each of the chapter markers.
Click here to see the chapters currently forming in the BNI Houston East / East Texas chapters. If you are interested in starting a new chapter please call Mark Taylor, Executive Director BNI Houston East / East Texas at (713) 557-7973.
The best way to find out about BNI is to visit a chapter. Visitors may attend chapter meetings twice ONLY (one chapter twice, or two chapters once each), before they will be asked to make a decision about joining. Visitors may NOT promote their business in a chapter where their business category is represented. It is not necessary to have an invitation to visit a chapter, however it is best to contact the president of the chapter prior to the visit.
© 2018 BNI Global LLC. All Rights Reserved. All company names, product names logos included here may be registered trademarks or service marks of their respective owners.
We were in the square, in the square where I'd run, holding her, carrying her, telling her to stay alive, stay alive till we got safe, till we got to Haven so I could save her - But there weren't no safety, no safety at all, there was just him and his men...
Fleeing before a relentless army, Todd has carried a desperately wounded Viola right into the hands of their worst enemy, Mayor Prentiss. Immediately separated from Viola and imprisoned, Todd is forced to learn the ways of the Mayor's new order. But what secrets are hiding just outside of town? And where is Viola? Is she even still alive? And who are the mysterious Answer? And then, one day, the bombs begin to explode...
"The Ask and the Answer" is a tense, shocking and deeply moving novel of resistance under the most extreme pressure. This is the second title in the "Chaos Walking" trilogy.
Chloe Lilywhite struggles with all the normal problems of a typical seventeen-year-old high school student. Only, Chloe isn't a normal teenage girl. She's a Magical, part of a secret race of beings who influence the universe. More importantly, she's a Creator, which means Fate mapped out her destiny long ago, from her college choice, to where she will live, to even her job. While her friends and relatives relish their future roles, Chloe resents the lack of say in her life, especially when she learns she's to be guarded against a vengeful group of beings bent on wiping out her kind. Their number one target? Chloe, of course.
That's nothing compared to the boy trouble she's gotten herself into. Because a guy she's literally dreamed of and loved her entire life, one she never knew truly existed, shows up in her math class, and with him comes a twin brother she finds herself inexplicably drawn to.
I started reading A Matter of Fate on my kindle a few night's ago, and I was really enjoying it! I also went to the library last Monday and checked out The Ask and the Answer. The Knife of Never Letting Go was such an emotion, breath-taking novel that ended on such a infuriating cliffhanger that I need to know what happens ASAP. Have you read any of these?
I'm glad you are enjoying The Ask and Answer! I am dying to The Night of Never Letting Go. A Matter of Fate looks interesting too, the cover is really intriguing.
I've read neither of these but I've heard really good things about The Knife of Never Letting Go. Glad you're able to continue the series.
These both look great - I hope you enjoy! I've not really heard much about either so I can't wait for your reviews! :P
All content published on this site are protected by copyright. Copying and publishing without permission of MPK-Łódź Spółka z o.o. is prohibited.
Fortaleza (pictured) kicks us off at Te Rapa tomorrow on a Slow 7 track in the Iplex Pipelines NZ 1600, jumping from barrier 15 with Cameron Lammas aboard.
Stepping up to the mile which should suit, as should track conditions. She does have a tricky barrier draw to contend with though she is in excellent order, very fit and has produced some fantastic lead up work. With luck in running we expect to see her up there in the finish.
Stepping up over ground here but still short of her best trip. Meets a smart field but she has good gate speed and the nice draw should see her handy in the running to finish off in the mix on the line.
Three stable mates strike a strong looking field when they take their place in the Ebbett Toyota 1600.
Resumes after being freshened-up. Conditions should suit and the nice draw will allow him to race handy. Johnson will certainly be looking for the win as he looks to win the premiership.
Comes off a good last start run for second at this track where she was a shade unlucky. Wide barrier should not be a hindrance and we anticipate her handling the conditions. Comes in great order and if she brings her A-game it would not be a surprise to see her go one better today.
Stepping up over ground, nice barrier draw and if she can get through the conditions well enough to produce that blistering turn of foot she should figure up there in the finish.
[12 Nov 18] Colorado State is our runner on Monday as we bid to extend the winning streak for the stable. more...
Moroney expects Glass Harmonium to run well in Futurity but winning could be All Too Hard (Aus) [20 Feb 13]
NEW ZEALANDER Michael Moroney has taken his honorary Queenslander status to another level. (Aus) [02 Jul 11]
Our industry knowledge and relationships enables us to search potential properties both on and off market right across Australia.
If you are looking for new property, considering selling or leasing your property, or just need advice, we can help.
© 2018 Columbia, Missouri Chamber of Commerce. All rights reserved. Website Development by The Evoke Group
Bayshore Christian School will be welcoming representatives from the following Christian colleges to their campus: Ashbury University, Belhaven University, Boyce College, Bryan College, Covenant College, Emmanuel College, Lee University, Mississippi College, Southeastern University, Toccoa Falls College, Truett McConnell University, Union University, Warner University, and William Carey University.
We hope you will make plans to join us. Attendees will be able to discuss course offerings, admission and financial aid requirements, college life in general, and other information pertinent to the college selection process. This is an opportunity to gain a better understanding of each college’s values and what they have to offer to prospective college bound students.
I’ve over 1,270 blog posts! Come to this blog regularly for inspiration, success tips and business ideas that will help you in your business and life!
It is written for the lazy but smart man who is looking for the simplest and shortest way to make his first million dollars. This guide is short for a good reason because lazy people do not like to spend too much time reading.
Being lazy does not mean being stupid. Being lazy does not mean not doing anything at all. It is ok to be lazy if you are smart enough to do the right things. I am not encouraging people to be lazy in this short guide, but if you happen to be smart and lazy, you can make a million dollars and earn a lifetime passive income if you are teachable and you are willing to follow the step-by-step instruction given to you here.
Let’s work it backwards and to keep it simple, we will not take into other factors such as the level of commitment and effort, but focus on the simple numbers and time frame. $1,000,000 divided by 10 years is $100,000 a year. To earn $10,000 a month in passive income in this business is very much achievable when you do the right things even if you are lazy!
Again, I want to emphasize that being lazy is not being stupid, it is just that you do not want to work as hard as others and you want to work at your own time and pace. So let’s be realistic that doing it the lazy way, will take a longer time than others. To earn $10,000 a month of passive income is achievable if you are teachable and if you are willing to follow the instruction given to you here. Yes at $10,000 a month passive income, you can still enjoy a good lifestyle in whatever city you are living in right now.
You are able to do it because you are leveraging on a very powerful, proven and tested system. This business is not all about you, it is about leveraging on a brilliant system that gives you a worldwide network and the opportunity to leverage on very smart, hard working and influential leaders!
To be successful in any business, you must love people and have their interest at heart. Love is the greatest power on earth and you have heard it many times, that God is Love and Love is God. You can be lazy and still be a loving person who cares about people and are willing to help people to live a better and happy life, don’t you agree?
Love – if you have all the time and money in the world, what would you love to do? You must be crystal clear on what you love to do and have a definite plan of action to achieve it. This short guide, gives you a definite plan of action and a realistic time frame to earn a million dollars in 10 years at $10,000 a month. The $10,000 a month passive income is not going to happen in the first few months, especially when you are doing the lazy man’s way! Most probably it is going to happen in 12 months or later, it all depends on the growth of your organization. And since you are doing it the lazy man’s way, do not expect too much at the beginning.
Do you love the idea of starting a global business at a small fraction of what others have invested? Yes, it is not going to be $100,000 to $1,000,000 or more of what most people would have invested in their conventional business. It is going to be an irresistible low start-up capital of $2,500 for a 1-Year Jumbo Package that gives you more value and help you earn more in a shorter time.
For a very small investment you have the opportunity to earn a million dollars! I know many many people have invested $50,000 to $100,000 or more for the renovation of their house!
When it comes to business, you got to think like a business person. I have done enough research to confidently tell you that a foodstall at a food court can easily cost $50,000 or more to start with a 2-year commitment to rental of $5,000 or more a month!
Yes you can be lazy but you must be smart enough to understand that doing business does take money, time and effort. You can be lazy but you still must lead by example because it is pure psychology, you cannot ask people to do what you are not willing to do, would you?
Action - yes you must take action and invest in the 1-Year Jumbo Package in the Jeunesse global opportunity because you are lazy and you do not want to take time and effort to do your monthly maintenance for the the next 11 months. Yes the next 11 months of monthly maintenance will be taken care of when you invest in the 1-Year Jumbo Package.
For those who did not order the 1-Year Jumbo Package, which is a one-time offer, the monthly maintenance is 60 CV (Commissionable Volume), which is about $122.34 a month, depending on what you buy. Yes for $4.07 a day, less than a cup of coffee at Starbucks, you can build a global business in 92 countries, don’t you think that is a lazy man’s way to earn a million dollars?
In the next 11 months, again because you are lazy, you just get one person a month to do what you have done, it is that simple and that lazy! Yes why work hard when you can work smart? Why depend on yourself and 24 hours in a day, when you can leverage on thousands of people and thousands of hours in a day? Why not do what the rich and successful people are doing? Why not do a why-not-do business? And why not do it now?
In 12 months, you would have 12 persons committed to the 1-Year Jumbo Package and that is where you will see activities happening because not everyone wants to be lazy like you, isn’t it? Some of them will see the great potential and they will work hard to earn their first million as soon as possible. Being lazy does not mean you do nothing at all, you must do the minimum and that is to sponsor one person a month who will commit to the 1-Year Jumbo Package.
Zest – being lazy doesn’t mean you do not have the zest for living, you just do not want to work as hard as others, while others sponsor 10 a month, you just want to sponsor 1 a month who will commit to the 1-Year Jumbo Package. Yes in a way you are leading by example because you can only tell people to do what you are willing to do which is to commit to the 1-Year Jumbo Package.
You can be lazy and be healthy too if you do the right things, a little bit of exercise, good food, good health supplements, and, of course, a positive mental attitude. You can be lazy and be positive too. Again I want to emphasize that lazy does not mean that you are negative, you just do not want to work as hard as the others.
You got to have the zest for sharing with people this lazy man’s guide to earning a million dollars! There are millions of lazy but smart people who are waiting for you to share the great news!
Yes – marketing is about communicating great value. It is about learning how to ask the right questions and to get people to say “Yes” to what you are offering. It is never the price, it is always the value. Now you have the lazy man’s guide to earning a million dollars and earn a lifetime passive income too.
Learn to ask the right questions. Ask your friend this thought-provoking question, “Would you like to learn the lazy man’s way to earn a million dollars?” Most probably your friend would want to know what is the lazy man’s way? You share with him this short guide and tell him to visit your replicated website to get started.
After he has joined your team, tell him to come to this blog to learn at his own time and pace. And because this is the lazy man’s guide, they just need to do the minimum of sponsoring one business builder a month to earn his first million dollars in a realistic time frame of 10 years or less.
When would you start earning $10,000 a month? Because you are doing the lazy man’s way, you must give the business a reasonable time frame, the $10,000 a month can happen sooner than you think. Usually it will happen on the second year and the growth will be exponential so be prepared to earn more than $10,000 a month in your second year!
This short lazy man’s guide will only work when you join the right company at the right time. You will be leveraging on the exponential growth of the company.
Yes you can be lazy and be rich too if you are smart enough to join the right company at the right time and do the right things.
“Executive coaches have a unique vantage point on the corporate world, seeing leaders in their most intimate moments of struggle and triumph. This book is packed with these stories, told with humor and insight. It includes many valuable lessons for coaches and their clients alike.” Marshall Goldsmith, #1 Leadership Thinker in the world by Thinkers50
„Clever and insightful book, which offers marvelous thoughts on coaching from childhood fables, personal experiences, and observations from a host of thought leaders.” Dave Ulrich, #1 Management Educator & Guru by Business Week
how to draw a minion how to draw a minion together with minion drawing step by step how to draw the how to draw a minion draw minion face on banana ora.
how to draw minion bob step by elf on banana a despicable me 3d,draw so cute minion bob on banana elf best ideas face balloon how to easy,draw minion kevin how to a despicable me 1 2 on banana bob,draw minion on banana elf how to a in addition do you know 3d,draw minion kevin how to bob for kids from despicable me easy faces drawn on banana,draw so cute minion stuart how to a with minions step by bob,how to draw a minion also minions drawing step by on balloon face,draw minion on balloon banana fun to bob how easy step,draw minions online how to minion bob step by the from despicable me,draw minion so cute stuart how to the from despicable me.
Thank you for your feedback! We appreciate your time and valuable feedback in helping us make our site better.
A blog about about painting, design and other aspects of aesthetics along with a dash of non-art topics. The point-of-view is that modernism in art is an idea that has, after a century or more, been thoroughly tested and found wanting. Not to say that it should be abolished -- just put in its proper, diminished place.
William Cumming (1917-2000) was a Seattle area artist who knew the nationally acclaimed "Northwest Mystics" Mark Tobey, Morris Graves and the rest, but was not considered part of that group at the time. When I was in high school and college, Bill Cumming was mentioned so rarely by my mentor circles that I wasn't aware of him. Nowadays, his local reputation is much higher. My take on Cumming can be found here.
Recently I was at an opening at the Woodside / Braseth Gallery where, in addition to the featured painter, there was displayed a rediscovered WPA-era mural that Cumming painted in 1941 for the Burlington High School, some 60 miles north of Seattle.
I am not a fan of Cumming's art, though I respect him for not falling fully into the clutches of abstraction, as so many of his generation did. And even though the second mural-related link suggests the mural might be worth a six-digit sum (were it salable), it does not impress me.
What interests me about it is that it shows some Cumming traits that he still practiced almost 60 years later. One is the lumpy depiction of human forms. Another is Cumming's reluctance to include his subject's faces.
This is a painting made in 1998, also displayed at the gallery. It is an example of the artist's late style.
Undergraduate art major. Ph.D. in Sociology, Demography from a fancy Ivy university. Software system and user interface designer and programmer. Writing about art and design on the Internet since 2005. Email: dbpittenger (at) earthlink.net
For info about my e-book on the crisis of modernist painting, Art Adrift, click here. For information about my e-book on Automobile Styling, click here.
Available at $3.95 (US), click on image to order. Best viewed on computer via Kindle App or on a large iPad.
Woman dependent on oxygen says thieves stole her lifeline - Spokane, North Idaho News & Weather KHQ.com
A local woman feels trapped in her own home. Thieves recently stole the car charger she needs for her oxygen tank. The victim said while it's relatively worthless to the crooks who stole it, it's a lifeline for her.
"Please know you made my life really really difficult," victim Laura Camacho said. "It would really be nice if you would return it, no questions asked. Bring it back, or just throw it in my yard."
"(The charger) makes it possible to get out of my house for more than two hours at a time," she said.
Laura said the past few months have been horrible. She said her body is failing her and doctor's aren't sure why.
"Whenever I move my arms, my saturation levels drop dangerously low," she said. "They're waiting to see what's causing that."
But it also limits where she can go and for how long. Recently, she finally got a portable car charger. Three days later, thieves crept in, leaving her housebound and heartbroken yet again. She says the company she must use to play middleman between her insurance company and the distributor, left he feeling hopeless.
"They just give you the runaround," she said. "They won't give you answers. It's just waiting, waiting, waiting. One of my girlfriends said you help people."
And because of the distributor, Inogen, once again, Hayley can do just that. Inogen makes the car charger Laura needs. Within seconds of Hayley explaining the situation to a staff member, arrangements were finalized to mail out to Laura immediately, free of charge. Why? They say it felt like the kind thing to do.
KHQ.COM - Toy Story 4 is coming! Disney-Pixar released the first trailer for the long-awaited sequel on Monday. The new installment in the franchise was confirmed three years ago and last April it was confirmed the release would happen in the summer of 2019.
After several months of investigation, detectives arrested two Clarkston residents in connection with methamphetamine trafficking as well as a third person for resisting arrest.
A home was significantly damaged after a fire Saturday night. The Spokane Fire Department responded to the fire on the corner of N Cincinnati St. and E Carlisle Ave. Crews worked to make sure all occupants had been evacuated from the building before attempting to extinguish the fire at the front of the home.
The mother of a 10-year-old Arizona girl who escaped a possible kidnapping, speaks out about what she says saved her daughter's life. Brenda James said her daughter had been playing at a park and started to make the short walk home when a white SUV pulled up alongside her.
Northern California sheriff reports 6 more fatalities, matching deadliest wildfire in state history; 31 dead statewide
LOS ANGELES - Some of the thousands of people forced from several communities by the huge Southern California wildfire are being allowed to return to their homes. Authorities have also reopened U.S. 101. It's a major freeway artery through the fire zone in western Los Angeles County and southeastern Ventura County.
It’s a wall that costs no tax dollars, has a near-perfect approval rating with voters, and is actually already built… but that doesn’t mean it’s complete. The town of Fairfield has less than 700 residents, spurring several locals to call it “small town America.” But there’s nothing small about how it celebrated Veterans Day: adding 30 new plaques/veterans to the town’s “Military Wall of Honor.” “As long as ...
LOS ANGELES - Comic book genius Stan Lee, the architect of the contemporary comic book, has died. He was 95. The creative dynamo who revolutionized the comics by introducing human frailties in superheroes such as Spider-Man, The Fantastic Four and The Incredible Hulk, was declared dead Monday at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, according to Kirk Schenck, an attorney for Lee's daughter, J.C. Lee.
LEWISTON, Idaho - Authorities say a north-central Idaho man died while hunting Sunday morning after accidentally shooting himself. The Nez Perce County Sheriff's Office says 25-year-old Ryan S. Rigney of Lewiston was hunting near Soldiers Meadow Lake when he accidentally discharged his gun.
LEWISTON, Idaho - Authorities say a north-central Idaho man died while hunting Sunday morning after accidentally shooting himself. The Nez Perce County Sheriff's Office says 25-year-old Ryan S. Rigney of Lewiston was hunting near Soldiers Meadow Lake when he accidentally discharged his gun. The Lewiston Tribune reports emergency medical crews were sent to the rural location about 7:42 a.m. but lifesaving measures were unsuccessful and Rigney died at the scene.
Police have made their first arrest in the cases of strawberry sabotage in Australia, in which sewing needles were found in fruit sold in six states. Police in Queensland state say they've arrested 50-year-old My Ut Trinh and charged her with seven counts of goods contamination.
A second high school coach of the gunman who killed 12 people at a Southern California bar recalled him as volatile and intimidating. Evie Cluke coached Ian David Long on Newbury Park High School's track team in 2007 and 2008.
All content © Copyright 2000 - 2018 Frankly Media and . All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Thanks to +Erik Tenkar, I found out today that +Charles Akins wrote not only the best damn list of OSR blogs ever assembled, but also a brief description of Kickassistan here that I found to be terribly complimentary. Charles writes:
Dispatches From Kickassistan A blog that tends to leave me thinking about how much fun it is to be playing Dungeons and Dragons style games without attempting to tell me that I'm a moron for going my own way. Great introduction to this blog by the way. Updates: About eleven times a month.
I'm deeply, profoundly proud that this is the experience that Charles has had with Kickassistan. Folks who know me know that when I have negative feelings about a thing, bile and vitriol is all I can manage. Somewhere along the line, I knew that I didn't want Kickassistan to be yet another blog of rants and jeers and negative effluvium (other than those "Did I Seriously Just Watch...?" posts I used to do; I kind of miss those), because I don't enjoy reading those. I've been tempted several times to vent about this or that thing, issue or book, but I don't see a point in it. At the end of the day, you deserve to enjoy the things you enjoy and you definitely don't deserve someone shitting all over them.
And so, +Charles Akins, I'm very glad that Kickassistan has you thinking about how much fun it is to be playing D&D -- or whatever else it is you might choose to play -- and going is your own way is the only way for you to go. You've reminded me what Kickassistan is all about, and for that I thank you.
OSR Commentary - Calidar's Vortexs & Dimensional Cancers - Otherthere & Back Again In Your Old School Campaigns
Meela is a young, orphaned lupian (a race of people with wolf-like features) who is struggling to survive on her own. A chance encounter on less than pleasant terms teams her up with Feral, another lupian who happens to be a mute as well as one of the best mercenaries in the land, and who is not quite so welcoming of her forced company as she would like to believe. Fun, danger and plenty of humorous situations follow the two on their wayward adventures, however the seemingly peaceful world they reside in is not quite the paradise that its reputation makes it out to be. When a taboo topic and a dark secret collide, it may unravel their already tattered lives and force each of them to face the reality of the truth, requiring each to make decisions that could alter their lives forever.
Copyright © 2011 Kidjutsu Inc, bringing you great kids comics and institutional investor stock picks.
Neue Handballtalente gesucht – THW Kiel und Star-Tankstellen suchen den „Youngstar“ für die kommende Saison – Kieler Express, Plöner Express & Eckernförder Rundschau online lesen
Welcome once again to the Beer Coasters Podcast. In this issue we’re covering the coming of fall with Oktoberfest beers. We being with Sam Adam’s Octoberfest.
Have a response on your own site? You can either use the [Trackback URL] for this entry, or link to your response directly.
From his wife in a state of sexual climax to his explicitly masochistic nude portraiture, photographer Nobuyoshi Araki has long divided opinion with his notoriously erotic choices of subject matter. His critics have fought for censorship of his work, particularly in his native Japan, and dubbed him nothing more than a misogynistic pornographer, but this has never deterred Araki, who remains one of the country’s most prolific artists. One of the most recent publications of his work is a set of three limited art edition books by Taschen, Nobuyoshi Araki. Bondage, which focus on one of his long-time fascinations and most important subjects: Kinbaku-bi, literally “the beauty of tight binding”.
Bondage, in a sexual context, first emerged in Japan in the late Edo period (the mid-1800s), but wasn’t popularised until the 1950s, when magazines like Kitan Club and Yomikiri Romance began printing the first naked bondage photographs, and the 1960s, when Nawashi (rope masters) began to appear in live S&M shows. Kinbaku is generally practiced with ropes that are six to eight metres in length and is based on specific rope patterns for binding and suspension.
The images in the, aptly Japanese bound, box set vary in mood and subtlety – from a barely visible wrist-binding on a girl in traditional dress, who leans serenely against a mirror, to a woman suspended from the ceiling, face-on, with a pointedly positioned flower between her legs (spread akimbo). There is certainly something mesmerising about the subject matter, whether the intriguing, tantalising nature of the binding tradition, or simply the graphic shamelessness of some of the poses; but, regardless of whether the content is to everyone's taste, there is no denying the photographs' demonstration of Araki's much-applauded mastery of composition, colour and tone: at times washed-out and delicate, at others bold and striking. The contrasting use of photographic effects and varying explicitness of subject matter are typical of Araki's open-ended approach and his attempt to avoid moralistic classification: "There is no conclusion," he once said. "It's completely open. It doesn't go anywhere."
Digital Storytelling is a wonderful way to get students engaged in the classroom and to allow them to make something in a non-traditional way. Technology is all around us and it will become more vital in the classroom as time passes by.
My idea for a digital story telling project (k-6) would be to ask my students to write down how they would like to see themselves and perhaps their favorite places or things and what they would like to be when they grow up. They can bring a current picture of themselves and we will scan it, save it and use it to digitally enhance it..=)
This picture that I edited is how I saw myself and envisioned myself while I was doing this.I was envisioning myself in colder weather lol, hint, the snow falling. I also like black and white pictures more than I do color, because I guess I value old things, like items, and this looks like something than could be old. I also like the fact that It’s not clear, which is what I intended for it to look like because it shows a bit of mysteriousness which is how I see myself sometimes when I’m super quiet and focused.
Although it doesn’t seem like much, in the end the little details go along way when analyzed. Which is what I would like my students to realize, that the little things that are done and the effort put into things, creates a bigger picture. =)
This entry was posted in Digital Storytelling K-12 and tagged DS 106, enhancing, reflection, Teaching, Technology by christinev0814. Bookmark the permalink.
Hello to everyone! A little about myself....I am currently majoring in Bilingual Childhood Education and I will be entering my 4th semester once the Fall semester begins. I graduated BMCC in Jan of 2011 with a degree in Liberal Arts... Everyday I try to do my best in everything and maintain a positive mind in order to move forward and fulfill my goals. Although I feel like I've been on the college path for an eternity, I've realized for me, "steady and slow wins the race" :) I love tropical places and I hate pollution! Hope to island and country hop with my family one day:) Good luck to all, in all that you do!
Malikaaaa gave me an idea. You could work with students to have them envision digital spaces for pairs and/or groups of students. This could be precursor to collaborations between students.
Hmm.. Thanks,Yes, I love how everyone helps each other out here and we bring about great ideas! Appreciate it.
Hey this is really nice and I like how you edited the picture I also agree that though it looks very simple its okay because the most important part is the process and the fact that students leave with more knowledge than they came in with and it is teaching good skills, which is when you work hard and put effort towards something that thing becomes valuable, as you stated, nice activity.
this is kool. how did you create the image that you created. children love art and having them tell a story you get to see hoe each child think and or their experiences
Hey thanks, I actually used the same photo editor thing that u did for your digital storytelling of you as Goku (Dragon ball Z character, not sure if If I spelled him right lol). But yeah, that same one. I credit you for inspiring me to use it lol.
Totally dig your DST project. I simply love the fact that this isn’t too challenging where students end up giving up, and it isn’t so easy that they don’t really learn anything- its just right!
Thanks, I started off a bit simple myself, since I’m not too savvy in all of this. However, I’ve definitely learned a great deal in this class! =)
As I read your post, I couldn’t help to recall a video I watched on PBS, which u can also find in the https://www.teachingchannel.org/videos/3rd-grade-descriptive-writing. So the idea of it was build on how important it is to be great writer’s and to be “great” writer’s you have to be descriptive. Like one of my favorite poet and writer Edgar Allan Poe, The Tell-Tale Heart. To say the very least every student was given white drawing paper so that they could draw a monster. They would then share their drawing, but not by showing them the image. They would share it orally by being descriptive. The children whom are listening would try and draw the monster described to them. For example, my monster has three horns, one eye, patches of hair etc,. That’s why this exercise is called Monster Match.
Thanks for providing the link to the video. I watched it and I absolutely love how concept and the activity that they are doing in the video. To have a video conference is a great day for a large group of students to learn from each other. I like that this incorporates art and writing while they all of these students are also interacting! Really nice, thanks for sharing.
I really like this assignment, creative and will get the students thinking and using their imagine to recreate themselves. Love this !!
A bialy is often described as a bread flatter than a bagel with an indentation - not a hole - on the top, that is generally filled with onions and any other filling of your choice.It is crisper and denser than a bagel and when toasted, is crunchy.
Heat oil - add the cumin seeds and while they crackle add the onions. saute them until golden ,season with salt and garam masala . take off the heat and add the crumbled paneer.
Add the yeast, sugar, salt and flour in the food processor bowl. Pulse a couple of times to mix and then add the warm water in a steady stream. Knead until the dough comes together as a mass and then let the dough rest for 10 minutes. This helps the dough absorb water.
Knead again, until your dough is smooth and elastic but not sticky. Add flour or water to achieve the right consistency.
Shape it into a ball and place it in a well oiled bowl and let it rise in a cool place. The dough should rise double its size. At this point it is ideal to leave the dough in the refrigerator and use it the next day to make the bialys chewy . Thus considering the fact that they will be used the next day - leave the dough out for about 30 mins prior to shaping them.
Divide the dough into equal sized balls ( I made about 12) Make a smooth ball by pinching the ends to the bottom & place it on a baking tray.place them distant from each other. keep them covered and let it rise for about an hour or two.....until they pass the test of leaving a dent to a touch.
I have used a round ladle to press down on each ball to leave a well . Prick the centre with a fork so that they do not rise. Fill in with the onion paneer mix. Coat the outer ring with milk.
Recipe adapted from King Arthur Flour. I link this post to My Diverse Kitchen. Thank You Aparna - her narrative on Bialy is worth reading. I link this post to
Enhancer provides end-to-end manufacturing solutions,delivering unsurpassed quality and support to building and infrastructure companies primarily in government,commercial ,industrial and residential sectors for window ventilation system.Enhancer has facility located in XUZHOU and distributors throughout the world.
Since we began in 2008, Enhancer has adhered to customer satisfaction philosophy that puts the customer first and delivers what each defines as value. Today Enhancer provides complete end-to-end manufacturing services to companies of all sizes, geographic locations and end markets.
January February March April May June July August September October November December 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Essentially, I'd like to start a virtual band covering all sorts of different songs - I've wanted to do this for a while but unfortunately never had the time or any means to record, but now I can! Another reason for wanting to do this now is that my band is starting to go in to record quite a bit now we have ourselves a manager, and I'd quite like to work out how to make good tones, what works and what doesn't etc, it's a bit of a guitar tech lesson for me
I do guitar/vocals/piano so we're pretty sorted on that side, but we'd need a bassist and drummer to finish the lineup (I guess it would be three piece with extras brought in if needed?)
Probably looking at stuff like Muse/Rage/Enter Shikari/Deftones but I'm completely open and I listen to everything from hip hop to death metal
What style do you do? Could I hear? I'm pretty happy with not singing to be honest, I've got... Shall we say... A unique voice? Some people love it, some hate it
This is a nicely restored, British built Canadian Isetta 300. There were almost 33,000 of these tiny cars built at the Brighton, England plant under license from BMW.1,000 of those 33,000 were built specifically for Canada, so that makes my little car 1 of 1,000. There are several subtle differences between this car and the 160,000 built by BMW in Stuttgart. Among the differences are Lucas electrics, the switches for the turn signals and the high beam switch are totally different, the handbrake is different, the placement of the rear running lights is higher up the body, it doesn't even have a fuse box, just an inline fuse. The speedo is different, it didn't come with a bumper, the stop light is mixed with the license plate light . These are just a few of the differences that make this car more desirable as a collector car.
The engine was totally rebuilt including all new piston/rings and a replaced connecting rod(replaced with a steel one). All new brakes and a realignment kit for the drive shaft. It comes with the correct spare and jack. Everything works, the lights, horn,etc
After that we will make a sample application to authenticate user with web api and then add authorization capabilities to it.
Three cheerleaders attending a cheer camp become involved in a government facility theft and kidnapping. They seek out the help of the southern-charmed camp manager to rescue their friend....
Tobe Hoopers sequel to the film (1974). The people of Newt (Texas) came from the Sawyer family for hiding the murders committed by Jeb Sawyer, the chainsaw maniac, also known as "Leather Face." When the people of the village, led by Burt Hartman, burned their farm, it was assumed that the whole family had died, but the Sawyers baby survived. Gavin and Arlene, two of the village watchers, took her in secret and raised her as if she were his daughter by the name of Heather. At the age of twenty, when she discovered that she had been adopted, a lawyer located her to tell her that her grandmother had named her an heir of her property.
A young woman travels to Texas to collect an inheritance; little does she know that an encounter with a chainsaw-wielding killer is part of the reward.
En route to visit their grandfather's grave (which has apparently been ritualistically desecrated), five teenagers drive past a slaughterhouse, pick up (and quickly drop) a sinister hitch-hiker, eat some delicious home-cured meat at a roadside gas station, before ending up at the old family home... where they're plunged into a never-ending nightmare as they meet a family of cannibals who more than make up in power tools what they lack in social skills...
Beer Types - Buy Belgian beer online at Beer Planet BEEReSHOP - the largest selection of Belgian beers and beer glasses!
Artizanal beers are produced by “a small brewery using traditional methods and ingredients to produce a handcrafted, uncompromised beer that is marketed locally". The Brewers Association says simply that a artizanal beer can only be made by a artizanal brewer, then goes on to define artizanal brewers using a three-pronged approach. The brewery must be small, with an annual beer production of less than two million barrels. It must be independent, with less than 25% of the brewery owned or controlled by a member of the alcoholic beverage industry that is not also a craft brewer. And it must be traditional, with either an all malt flagship beer, or with at least 50% of its volume in either all malt beers or beers that use adjuncts to enhance flavor. ... see all Artizanal beers
This book is unique in many respects: 1. The author gathered in one place 13 coaching frameworks and 150 coaching tools from a variety of disciplines, including professional coaching, psychology, training, and business management. 2. It introduces a new model for the coaching process (SPARKLE), organizes and leads the reader through available tools in accordance with different phases of this model. 3. It combines theory and practice, providing not only a list and description of coaching tools but also valuable illustrations by way of many insightful “one-minute” case studies. 4. To facilitate implementation by the reader, four categories (life coaching, career coaching, business coaching and executive coaching) are set forth, with each tool listed in the Table of Contents falling where it fits best. Laura Komócsin was the founder chairman of the Hungarian Chapter of the International Coach Federation. She successfully supported as a coach executives of several large companies, like Deutsche Telekom, Telenor, MTV, Erste bank, TNT, Kraft, AMEX, UPC, Vodafone, TESCO etc. She is ranked as the No. 1 Coach in Hungary.
See the animation below. Even long attributes such as “people, WHO WANT TO GO TO CHINA” are in front of a described word and are connected with 的 /de/
He still (not yet) meiyou to go to look (at) sickness. He just ask le his friends and family people.
Federal service center Chini Town provides professional technical services to users phone Lenovo Z2 , namely repair phone Lenovo Z2, diagnostics and maintenance. Thanks to first-class equipment of our repair workshops phone Lenovo Z2 carried out at the highest level, by qualified specialists in the shortest time.
Are you a fan of Hublot's King Power watches? Then this app is for you. Hublot King Power Collector allows you to browse over 100 different King Power...
Here is the best recipe book with the largest number of prescriptions for Multicookings and steamers ! Save your time - spend it on really useful thin...
The Comporium ReadyHome app can be used to remotely access and control your home security, home automation and energy management features from your iP...
Calling all science and foodie geeks! Cooking for Geeks by Jeff Potter has been rebuilt for iPad, iPhone, iPod Touch, PC & Mac on Inkling. As a univer...
Alesha Williams Boyd is wife and mom to a family of six. She's covered New Jersey schools and communities since 2005 for the Asbury Park Press and is New Jersey correspondent for USA TODAY. Follow her on twitter: @aleshaboydAPP.
What are your kids watching online? The ice bucket challenge for ALS, or amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. Often referred to as “Lou Gehrig’s Disease,” ALS is a progressive neurodegenerative disease that affects nerve cells in the brain and the spinal cord. … Continue reading →
What are your kids watching online? The fire challenge, in which young people are dousing themselves in rubbing alcohol or nail polish remover and setting themselves aflame on camera. A search for “fire challenge” on YouTube pulls up 2.4 million … Continue reading →
Posted in education, parenting	| Tagged fire challenge	| Comments | Print This Post | Email This Post |
What are kids watching online? Other kids telling tall tales. Back in February, there was 3-year-old Mateo, who tries to convince his mom, Linda Beltran, that he had a perfectly good reason for trying to sneak cupcakes from his grandmother … Continue reading →
Submitted by Nicole Leonard Nicole Leonard is a newsroom intern and senior at Boston University, where she studies journalism in the College of Communication. She is from Howell and now lives with her family in Sea Girt. Below, she shares … Continue reading →
Posted in education	| Tagged books, Bradley Elementary, Bridge of Books, education, literacy	| Comments | Print This Post | Email This Post |
LeVar Burton is looking to bring back Reading Rainbow, the long-running children’s educational program canceled in 2006, with the help of Kickstarter, according to a USA Today report on the actor’s fundraising endeavor. Burton and his team launched a Kickstarter campaign Wednesday in the … Continue reading →
Posted in education	| Tagged levar burton, literacy, reading rainbow	| Comments | Print This Post | Email This Post |
Submitted by Francesca Cocchi The Jackson Memorial Band Parents Association is seeking sponsors and advertisers for the annual Showcase of Champions marching band competition 5:30 p.m. Saturday, Oct. 11. This year’s competition aligns with Jackson Memorial High School’s 50th birthday, … Continue reading →
Posted in arts education	| Tagged band, education, jackson, marching band	| Comments | Print This Post | Email This Post |
Submitted by Guest Blogger Francesca Cocchi @FNCocchi Francesca Cocchi, 19, is a freshman at Villanova University, where she studies Interdisciplinary Humanities in the honors program and writes for The Villanovan. She lives with her family in Ocean Township, NJ. When I … Continue reading →
Posted in education	| Tagged class rank, education, valedictorian	| Comments | Print This Post | Email This Post |
Zaida Pugh of New York, known as Ms. Muffin Pranks, says she aims to increase awareness of issues impacting urban communities with her reality-styled prank videos. The videos are so realistic that many who’ve shared them on social media and … Continue reading →
Asbury Park non-profit Sportz Farm’s founder and director Diteko Hammary said he believes his organization fills a void in Asbury Park, a community in which he says youth are often not taught that academic achievement should come before sports. … Continue reading →
Posted in education	| Tagged asbury park, sportz farm, student athletes	| Comments | Print This Post | Email This Post |
Honey Maid recently launched an ad campaign featuring ethnically diverse and gay families and received some backlash. Here’s how the company responded. TELL US: What do you think of Honey Maid’s ad campaign? What do you think of the company’s response … Continue reading →
Posted in education, parenting	| Tagged diversity, gay, honey maid	| Comments | Print This Post | Email This Post |
School matters. Family matters. Discussing the challenges we face at home, at school and a few places in between. Celebrating the successes, big and small.
Alesha Williams Boyd is wife and mom to a family of six. She's covered New Jersey schools and communities since 2005 for the Asbury Park Press and is New Jersey correspondent for USA TODAY. Follow her on twitter: @aleshaboydAPP.
Amanda Oglesby writes about education and has covered Ocean and Monmouth counties for six years. She's a mom, a Rutgers University graduate, and an Ocean County native.
Newsroom intern Francesca Cocchi, 19, is a rising sophomore at Villanova University, where she studies Interdisciplinary Humanities in the honors program and writes for The Villanovan newspaper. She lives with her family in Ocean Township, NJ. Follow her on Twitter: @FNCocchi
Shari Puterman is the assistant regional features editor, proud mommy to 2-year-old Dylan and a lifetime Jersey Girl living in Matawan. If you’re a “Working Woman” doing your best to balance it all and would like to be considered for an upcoming story,
arne duncan arts arts education autism bullying charter schools chris christie college common core edtech education monmouth county vocational school district New Jersey New Jersey School Boards Association newtown NJ NJ DOE NJEA nutrition parcc parenting race red bank regional safety Sandy SATs scholarships school choice school closings school closures schools school safety science social media special needs standardized testing STEM students teacher evaluations teachers technology twitter U.S. Department of Education viral videos youtube
Each year our BA Performance: Design and Practice students produce a series of experimental performances in collaboration with BA Fine Art students as part of “Practice Exchange”. Over the course of three months the students collaborate, bringing their areas of expertise together to test new ideas and concepts before presenting the final pieces to a live audience in the Platform Theatre.
Last year Jotdown Productions, a collective formed of BA P:DP students Jordan Chandler, Dorothy Graham and BA Fine Art exchange student Miranda Dahl , presented Haidar as part of Practice Exchange’s performance series CSM aLive. Set in the context of a war-torn country, Haidar tells the respective coming-of-age stories of a young boy and young girl growing up in similar worlds. Structured around the on-stage creation and destruction of a large metal sculpture, the piece brought these stories alive through choreography and an original score. Now, six months on, the collective will be taking the performance to New York where they’ll be developing the piece and finally performing it at PRAT Institute in April.
Chandler: Practice Exchange is a loosely structured programme which allows students to explore, experiment and play around with the concept of performance. In the second term, a selection of BA Fine Art students are invited to share the performance space and collaborate with BA P:DP as an art form.
My role was to curate and manage the festival at the end of the project, which saw each collaboration share their work over the course of three nights. The work was divided into three categories: durational performance work, which was set up similar to that of gallery structure where audience members could walk freely around the space and come and go as they pleased; The Variety Show, a 90 minute sit-down job, consisting of 10 minute pieces that transitioned together to create ‘One’; and, on the Festival’s final night, we had three larger scale pieces of work, 20-30 minutes long. This category featured our piece Haidar.
Haidar was born from a project Dorothy and I started this time last year in Venice, Italy. We squatted in an abandoned hospital with a community of North Senegalese immigrants for 10 days, making art installations, sculptures music, food and lifelong friends. We built them a sculpture of a lion, which is an emblem of the North Seneglese ethnic group, it stands for strength and endurance.
After returning home to London, we knew we wanted to make a performance piece that dealt with themes connected to our experiences there. So, we built the five-metre tall structure and started researching themes around masculinity and immigration. We gave workshops in Bristol schools to 10 year olds around the theme of masculinity, and asked the children to make drawings and write letters in response to questions we gave them.
This is where we met Haidar, a 10 year old Syrian refugee, whose answers blew us away. His sensitivity and emotional intelligence was leagues above everyone else’s. As a collective, we took an interest in the simple explanations children often use to understand their surroundings. Influenced by the refugee crisis, Jotdown created a coming-of-age story that defines adult themes through a child’s eyes. After a mountain of research, we discovered coincidentally that the Arabic name ‘Haidar’ translates as ‘lion’, bringing us full circle to our initial sculpture we built back in Venice.
Our show is structured as a palindrome, a phrase or sequence of words that reads the same forwards or backwards. Never do we reference Syria directly; never do we reference the time in which the story is set. The palindromic structure illustrates an endless repetition of horrific events, happening all over the world across many generations. Time is not linear, but rather a pattern. History always repeats itself.
Chandler: Dorothy and I first met in a lecture on feminism by our wonderful tutor Andrea Zimmerman and bonded over our mutual love for a dance/physical theatre company called Gecko. We started working closely together in large groups and realised we wanted to make work about anything other than ourselves. We wanted to make work about world issues, we wanted to work hard and we wanted it to look beautiful.
Chandler: When we were first introduced to the Fine Art students, it was in a presentation format. We met Miranda Dahl, an American exchange student who worked with printmaking and dance, we immediately asked if she wanted to help us develop the project. She joined our team and was a huge support. She choreographed all the dance sequences, she helped shape the work and the concept and gave Dorothy and I a new lease of life. If it wasn’t for her input, Haidar may not have made it to the final performance.
Chandler: It’s funny you should ask this, because someone once said to me, “if i were to define what you do in your work, it would be to play with scale”. I personally have always made large pieces of work, or worked with a large quantities of something. In a short film I made with Dorothy, there’s a scene where we cram 35 extras into a tiny shop window. Haidar for me was the climax, we made the sculpture and the overall scale of the show to fit the Platform Theatre, because we felt that now was a better time than any to make a large scale performance. We have time, space and the security to allow us to make something which at first feels totally out of our depth.
Chandler: The challenges were never creative. The real challenges were financial, practical and institutional. We struggled to convince people that what we were doing would work and be successful. We struggled to get a cast of 10 people all in the same room for a good amount of time (we had three days with our cast in total). The design and size of the sculpture, meant we had to have a large cast purely for the practicality of constructing it on stage – it was big and very heavy.
Chandler: Though we had a successful show in London within the university setting, we felt it was important to perfect the first half with fresh, new eyes and continue writing the second half of the narrative. In New York we’ve been working with a cast of individuals from all over the world from Armenia to Italy, Singapore and China. With such a broad spectrum of experiences to draw from the show has already progressed from its initial rendition in both storyline and choreography. With our upcoming New York tour, we have also reconsidered areas of our set to produce a more cohesive design. We are ultimately hoping to perform in Edinburgh Fringe next year and set-up a full-run in London.
Haidar will be performed at the Memorial Hall Auditorium in Brooklyn, New York from 6-7 April 2018, to find out more and book free tickets visit Eventbrite. You can stay up-to-date with Jotdown’s projects and performances by following them on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter.
Sri Ramalinga Reddy, the Minister in charge of Bangalore visited the neighborhood on Monday morning. A group of residents met him on Monday morning at 8 am at Kaikondrahalli Lake. He was accompanied by several BBMP officials. SWM Special Commissioner Darpan Jain also dropped in a little later. The following topics were discussed:
Lake – Joint commisioner to get Kaikondrahalli lake boundary surveyed by Tahsildar within 1 week and issue notices for encroachments. He will also take immediate action on buffer zone violators.
SWM- A proper transit point for waste on Sarjapur Road to be set up. BBMP to raise awareness about segregation in all neighborhoods – all BBMP trucks to display info banners and use speakers.
Roads – Traffic management on Outer ring road, sevice roads and other junctions were discussed in detail.
There are groups of residents following up on each of these tasks. To join a particular group please write on the group email.
With the help of BBMP, many residential associations of Kasavanahalli jointly organized a clean-up drive on Sunday, 14th December. Owing to the overwhelming response from the children living in the area, the region from Vridhavan Serenity to Ocenous Monarda is now clean and tidy. A black spot near Vrindavan Serenity was cleaned and transformed into a beautiful spot. An educational drive for shoppers received an equally overwhelming response. The BBMP guidelines on waste management was discussed with shoppers, and they assured adherence to it. The mammoth effort was supported by almost 80 residents, along with pourakarmikas. It was clear from the activity that the residents have a great sense of social commitment.
However, there are some unfinished tasks, which requires help from BBMP, like clearing construction debris dumped along the road-side and road encroachment. The clean-up drive will be continued on the 20th of December, hopefully with a bigger team.
The Rotary Club, Bangalore, Lakeside, (RCBL) has decided to conduct a series of programs in the neighborhood as part of the nationwide Swachh Bharat campaign. It has adopted the Iblur Park through MoU with BBMP. This park is located off Sarjapur signal junction, opposite Sobha Garnet/Sun City. Plans of the club to maintain and beautify the park include plans to recruit gardener, get more children’s play equipment, benches, organic composting, a good toilet and regular cleaning.
On 23rd November 2014, Rotarians and their families got together to beautify Iblur park. They, along with some of the general public, spent the entire morning under the hot sun, cleaning and painting Iblur Park. The participants re-painted the benches, the walkway curbs and the trees to avoid termites, discarded the dead plants and trees, and swept the entire park.
Few residents came forward to sponsor benches, pay for the gardeners and extend other forms of support. This is gratefully acknowledged. Readers are requested to visit the park and contribute ideas and time towards improvement in park and participate in future programs. Please contact Mr. Ashok Dubey (9945070046) or email at thedubefamily@yahoo.co.in
The school next to Kaikondrahalli lake has dug multiple deep bore-wells over the past several years, all of them deeper than 800ft, and found little or no water, despite the lake being healthy and full of water. The school has been unable to keep toilets clean due to lack of water. Recently, however, the school, which is located near the Kaiknodanahalli Lake decided to dig a shallow well of about 20ft depth near the lake. After the well was dug, it rapidly filled up, and water is available 8ft underground even in december. A pipeline has been laid from the well to the school. It is clear that the water is of sufficient quality to be used for sanitary purposes. This is a great example of groundwater knowledge being used to find a simple solution to a water problem. Update by: Subha Ramachandran. Read more.
Kaikondrahalli Lake has been chosen to launch Namma Bengaluru Foundation’s Lake Day Series. The series aims at raising awareness, increasing community participation and fostering an appreciation of lakes in Bangalore.
At the Kere Habba, we will make an effort to connect with our lake, our neighbours and issues and ideas that are inspiring in the field of conservation. The nearly 2KM walkway of the lake will feature various stations where informative green workshops, story-telling sessions, bird walks, music that draws inspiration from nature, innovative experiment-based science activities, terrace gardening techniques, etc., will be showcased. We will share a detailed schedule of events in a few days and put it up on the lake’s facebook page.
Shilpi Sahu is a techie, running enthusiast, SWM advocate and an amateur artist, all rolled into one.
Bellandur Buzz Advertisement Issue # 23 Nov 20th 2014 This fornightly newsletter is published by the citizen group bellandur-forum@googlegroups.com Upcoming Events: Champion in Me Run Venue: Snehadaan campus on Sarjapur road. Date: November 23rd »
Bellandur Buzz…Issue # 17August 28th 2014 Shared fortnightly by: bellandur-forum@googlegroups.com Advertisement Can we celebrate an eco-friendly Ganesha Festival? Photo Courtesy: Saahas. Every year, during Vinayaka Chaturthi, a huge number of Ganesha idols are immersed »
To celebrate the 40th anniversary of the adoption of the 1977 Protocols additional to the Geneva Conventions, the ICRC Library and Archives team is releasing a special edition of the international humanitarian law bibliography accompanied by a selection of audio recordings about the Additional Protocols.
June 8, 2017 marks the 40th anniversary of the adoption of the two Protocols additional to the Geneva Conventions following the 1974-1977 Diplomatic Conference on the Reaffirmation and Development of International Humanitarian Law Applicable in Armed Conflicts. On this occasion we have delved into the academic literature on the Protocols to produce a special edition of the international humanitarian law bibliography.
What were the obstacles encountered during the drafting process? What was the impact of wars of national liberation or of the atomic bomb during the negotiations? What were the main novelties included in these new treaties? How were they perceived by the various countries? What are the key documents to read in order to understand the Protocols? You will find the answer to these questions and many others in the references listed in the bibliography, which offers a selection of articles, books and chapters in French and in English based on materials available at the ICRC library.
A number of recordings from our audiovisual archives portal also refer to the Additional Protocols. We have selected a few of them below.
Marco Flaks, a reporter who appears in many ICRC recordings, led interviews with ICRC officials on several occasions during the drafting and adoption process. In these interviews (in French) Françoise Bory and Jacques Moreillon, both from the legal department, as well as the President Alexandre Hay reflect on the organization’s expectations, the difficulties encountered during the negotiations and the outcomes of the Diplomatic Conference which took place over four sessions between 1974 and 1977.
In this recording, Jacques Moreillon explains how the 1977 Additional Protocols supplement and develop the Geneva Conventions of 1949. He addresses the issue of civil wars as well as the protection of civilians from attacks, two situations in which rules of international humanitarian law were lacking until the adoption of the Additional Protocols. (note: the recording presents only the answers, not the questions themselves)
In this excerpt from an interview given prior to his retirement, Jean Pictet discusses the protection of the civilian population against aerial bombardments, an issue that was discarded during the 1949 negotiations but came back at the 1974-1977 Diplomatic Conference.
Michel Veuthey and Patrick Zand address the recommendation given by the Reagan administration to the US Senate not to ratify the first Additional Protocol. They indicate that this should not be seen as a rejection of Additional Protocol I but rather as the beginning of dialogue on international humanitarian law within the American government.
Finally we recommend that you watch the episode of the very interesting series Une histoire d’humanité (made by our colleagues from the ICRC Delegation in Paris) on to the adoption of the Addtional Protocols (in French!): https://avarchives.icrc.org/Film/18575
CROSS-Files is the ICRC Library and Archives - including audiovisual archives - official blog. Its purpose is to highlight and bring out specific items or collections as a whole. We encourage researchers to explore ICRC History, IHL and humanitarian action through these collections and we provide tools to support this exploration.
Posted on November 24, 2016 by Susan B. Anthony Institute for Gender and Women's Studies University of Rochester
“Amazon’s TV series Transparent has “single-handedly helped change the conversation about trans people in America,” says Nora Rubel, associate professor in the Department of Religion and Classics and the director of the Susan B. Anthony Institute for Gender, Sexuality, and Women’s Studies.
In the latest QuadCast podcast, Rubel talks with Nick Bruno ’17 about the critically acclaimed, award-winning show starring Jeffrey Tambor. She also discusses the upcoming multidisciplinary symposium about Transparent hosted by the institute, which marks 30 years since its founding at the University of Rochester.” – via UR NewsCenter
Daily round-up: Charter schools get local judge's OK, feds move to rein in for-profit colleges | Education Lab Blog | Seattle Times
Education Lab is a project to spark meaningful conversations about education solutions in the Pacific Northwest.
Washington charter schools get judge’s OK, but questions remain: A King County judge ruled in favor of the state’s charter-school law on Thursday but struck down a portion of the law that would have made charter schools eligible for state construction funds. An appeal to the state’s highest court is expected.
U.S. Education Department moves to rein in tuition at for-profit colleges (The Wall Street Journal): A draft proposal from the Obama administration would cut student aid revenue to for-profit colleges that fail to meet a set of “gainful employment” rules. The benchmarks would threaten Pell grants and federal student loans in up to 20 percent of programs at for-profit institutions.
Spanaway school uses exercise breaks to keep students alert (The News Tribune): Teachers at Spanaway Elementary have turned to one-to-two minute bursts of activity — called “brain breaks” — as a way to increase students’ mental focus and physical fitness.
• Sign up for our email newsletter and receive the latest Education Lab headlines in your inbox each morning
When tackling the topic of student discipline, some of the country’s toughest schools have done a turnaround. Instead of focusing on rules broken, they now ask kids to confront themselves. The result? Fewer suspensions and new perspective on the point of school itself. Read the story →
It stands to reason: Kick troubled students out of school and they often come back even worse. The Kent School District is trying to tackle this national problem by overhauling the way it handles discipline. But its answers spark even more questions. Read the story →
In an idea borrowed from college athletics, the University of Washington boosts promising engineering students — many of them women and minorities — with an extra year of academic work. Read the story →
The most obvious reason for why smaller classes work — that teachers give students better, more-tailored instruction — probably isn’t the reason why achievement goes up, studies have found. Read the story →
Scientists at the UW are figuring out what happens as children learn — and how to assist those who struggle. Their discoveries are already helping parents and schools. Read the story →
Boosting the quality of preschool in Seattle could help children, and the city as a whole. A number of studies, including one from the ’60s, establish that potential. But there is no guarantee of success. Read the story →
Universal, free preschool in Tulsa, Okla., has produced results attracting national attention, and could be a blueprint for Seattle. But after 16 years the long-term outcomes raise almost as many questions as they answer. Read the story →
Communication failures both within Seattle Public Schools and with parents of children with disabilities continue to undermine the district’s efforts to fix longstanding problems in special education. Read the story →
After a notorious hazing incident last fall, parents and students at Garfield High School are tackling a school-culture problem that’s widespread here, and across the nation. Read the story →
Math achievement is rising fast at Lakeridge Elementary School, where teachers build students’ understanding of concepts as well as their skills. Read the story →
A supercharged tech curriculum has helped transform Toppenish High, among the state’s poorest schools, from a dropout factory into a case study for success. Read the story →
A new focus on individualized advice and counseling, boosted by software tools, is helping hundreds more students earn degrees and certificates each year at Walla Walla Community College. Read the story →
Auburn’s Gildo Rey Elementary shows one way to achieve high test scores with teaching that’s direct, consistent — and fast. Read the story →
The path to college often leaves disadvantaged students behind. Two unusual nonprofits, one based in Seattle, have helped vault thousands of low-income students onto university campuses. Read the story →
In an attempt to add depth to the curriculum in America's most popular advanced high-school courses, some local teachers threw out most of their lectures and replaced them with a series of projects. Results so far are encouraging. Read the story →
Western Washington University college students are working as mentors, tutors and role models for thousands of K-12 students in and around Bellingham. The goal: convince them that college should be part of their educational trajectory. Read the story →
Kent educators combed through transcripts and discovered 2,600 young people in their district without any kind of diploma or credential. Enter iGrad, a program linking dropouts with college, that has been flooded with kids who want a second chance. Read the story →
A community group in northwest Chicago has turned hundreds of hesitant parents into capable classroom helpers, role models and leaders by tapping into strengths many don't realize they have. Read the story →
Missing just a few days of class in sixth grade can predict whether you'll graduate from high school. That research powers a national anti-dropout effort that's making a difference at Seattle's Aki Kurose and Denny International middle schools. Read the story →
For years, students at White Center Heights Elementary logged some of the lowest test scores in King County. Then teachers tried something new, and the numbers soared by double-digits after just one year. So what happened, and could it be replicated elsewhere? Read the story →
John Higgins is one of Education Lab's reporters. He was a Knight Science Journalism Fellow at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) from 2012 to 2013.
Katherine Long has been a reporter for The Seattle Times since 1990, focusing for the past three years on higher ed, with stories that have ranged from the complexities of prepaid tuition programs to nontraditional ways to earn a degree.
Claudia Rowe joined The Seattle Times’ reporting staff in 2013. She has written about education for The New York Times and the Seattle Post-Intelligencer, among other publications.
Leah Todd is an education reporter at The Times. She previously covered education for the Casper Star-Tribune in Wyoming.
Mike Siegel has been a news photographer at the Seattle Times since 1987. His photography was used in a series titled "Methadone and the Politics of Pain," which won a Pulitzer Prize in 2012 for investigative reporting.
Linda Shaw is The Times’ education editor. Previously, she covered public education as a reporter at The Seattle Times for more than two decades. Her coverage has won numerous national and local awards and honors.
Caitlin Moran is community engagement editor for Education Lab. She came to The Times from Patch, where she spent three years managing hyperlocal news websites on the Eastside.
The Education Lab project is being done with the support of the Solutions Journalism Network. SJN is a non-profit organization created to legitimize and spread the practice of solutions journalism: rigorous and compelling reporting about responses to social problems.
February 18 - 2:21 PM Roundup: Franklin HS cuts gender out of graduation; vaccine data missing from 300 schools
The 100 day honeymoon of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa government has at last come to an end. It will be only fair to state that other than the online FIR system introduced, hardly any note-worthy accomplishments have been made so far, despite the great expectations and the ho-humness with which the first of the Khan’s kingdom started off.
Since clearly, the future of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf will be determined by the performance of the Khattak administration, anything less than scintillating results would push the PTI fan club down the steep road. Hence, as the bright and adroit youth of Pakistan, l believe I have a few guidelines to those who claim to bring in change.
Delegating power to the district level is a keen decision. It will empower individuals at grass root level and will lessen the pressure on the provincial cabinet. However, what is to be kept in mind is, that the local governments shouldn’t have superfluous tiers. Currently, it is proposed that the system would have four tiers, which is by any standard a bit too much!
It’s difficult to keep a check on the administration, not to mention it will be financially unyielding. A two-tier government would be ideal, at district and tehsil level, as long as they are empowered. Districts should be given the administration of primary and secondary schools, hospitals and should be made in charge of the rescue services along with transportation and communications.
It should be the provincial governments’ utmost duty to dilute corruption in its jurisdiction. For starters, an antonymous independent authority should be set up for clean accountability and to slacken corruption.
The local governments, bureaucracy and political leadership should be made to understand the ramifications of exploiting their authority, and we all know, this is easier said than done. Why not make an example by pursuing corruption allegations on the former administrations involved in either the bulletproof jacket case or the Fazul-ur-Rehman’s 40-acre land in Dera Ismail Khan.
For a change, let’s make use of the valuable technology in battle against corruption; and computerize the land record for a worthwhile start.
Where it’s only true that there’s only so much that could be done to fence terrorist activities in Peshawar in a short while, however, austere measures need to be taken now, if they wish to go anywhere with genuinely securing the city.
The province should also set-up an exceedingly trained rapid response security force with presence in every division to counter terrorist assaults.
An intelligence coordination committee is the need of the hour; CID, IB, Special Branch, ISI and all others should be members of the group which would pool up our intelligence and alert law enforcement agencies of any possible attack in a timely fashion.
In addition to this, more check posts should be set up between FATA and K-P to ensure that no weapons or explosives are being transported via and across the province.
Every party needs mega projects to flaunt front of the opposition, Shahbaz has the metro bus and Zardari has the income support program, what should PTI have? Small projects like ‘justice on wheels’ is good but not good enough, PTI needs something its frontrunners can use for political profit.
It can’t be a bus! One, it’s Shareef’s trademark’s. Second, a bus is usually seen to do more harm than good. Perhaps, something associated to the health or education sector would be better. Maybe build a world-class university or the country’s largest hospital.
Apart from this PTI should recognize that it will be a competition between Lahore and Peshawar, and therefore they should do everything in their power to upgrade Peshawar in to a world class city.
Even if you accomplish a landmark, it is no use until the entire country knows about it. Let people know your triumphs and not just empty rants and roars of “change”. Boast through your social media the new campaigns you embark on, perhaps, ‘Naya Khyber Pakhtunkhwa’ could be catchy one.
The provincial leadership should keep the central spokespersons in continuous updates, so they can defend its actions better on national media.
Needless to say the attitude of people of K-P for the incumbent government is harsh, very harsh, so PTI would have to accomplish every milestone to survive electorally. They can on no account be any blunders; everything needs to be just impeccable in KPK for Imran Khan to prove his chants of change were not merely for pooling votes.
1) local government with allocated snd disbursed funding to deal with civil amenities on a local level. Devolving health and education to local admin at this stage would yield little benefit without suitable and qualified personnel to run but local devlopment funds utilised by local givernment functionaries should reduce corruption surrounding parliamentarians’ development funds – to added benefit, local government is the incubator for future politicians too.
2) create a land registry with fully computerised records – the current system is a majir major player in promoting corruption and the huge burden on lower judiciary and yet again that circular corruption. Ek teer se do shikar!
In a country like Pakistan with the state it is in, ’100 Day’ slogan was a ridiculous slogan to start with for ANY government. Mr Sharif’s address yesterday underpromises with an aim of overdelivering and that should be the policy of all provincial governments too to get the nation out of that cloud cukkoo land where overpromise (and underdlivery) is thought a virtue and everything thought a god given right!
Even if provincial authority deals with law and order, terrorism being a national menace , has to have a national not provincial strategy. Mr Khan should count his blessings that opponents of his party did not try to capitalise much on the recent jail fiasco and get Mr Khattak to tighten up his government’s basic acts pronto! Incidentally, the numbers of universities in Khyber Pakhtunkhawa increased during Musharaff’s time (and improved standards too with HEC funding and control till funds were restricted). There is even a plan to build a world class instituion at Jallozai and much work has been done on this in the past 10 years with potential international partners and the Planning Commission. Someone has to implement it now.
“Apart from this PTI should recognize that it will be a competition between Lahore and Peshawar, and therefore they should do everything in their power to upgrade Peshawar in to a world class city.”
Dear author have you ever visited lahore? is it a world class city!! Find some GENUINE world class city for your blog.
To my knowledge, he only claimed that ‘corruption’ would be wiped out in 90 days not to make the country a country of angels in just 90 days ….Give a born-leader (Imran) a bit of time ..my friend…
Don’t you think America also apologist against Taliban ? Opening their office in Qatar and start talking to them in real sounds good to you ?
Actually between London and Peshawar Imran Khan acts as Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde — the more the Talibans beat his joke of a government in KPK — the harder he shoe shines the Talibans. Politics in Pakistan is no cricket.
From similar platform, PML(N) made lofty claims and yet within 9-10 weeks of their governance, there have registered violent deaths of about 900 people. Those lofty and ethereal claims of overcoming Terrorism; controlling Load Shedding within months and putting the national growth and progress back on the rails within weeks stand a wild dream bereft of pragmatic results.
Rome was not built in a day. It would be premature to judge performances on such short term when the new governments have to take guard and take stock of the situation they inherited.
Neither PML(N) nor PTI can be judged for their performances of weeks. What the Leaders vociferate from the Election platforms, they find how complicated and cumbersome the political scenario they counter to get into its nitty gritty to resolve issues and start rolling and rollicking.
A picture reveals many secrets. I can see many clumsy “Lotta Faces” here, listening (not watching) Imran through their wicked façades.
Do Some thing Special I thinks that is, what it is all about but not the comparison between Lahore and Peshawar.
Mr Farooq Hashmi: I respect your judgment. NS is showing extreme caution, bordering on inaction. And then caution and cowardice are just the same. Caution being the brand name. Another factor injected by their new found friends, MQM, requesting Army action in Karachi, should ring alarms, as NS was stung by Military Adventurist in his second tenure cut short brutally by Martial Law. Give them an inch and they will have the ell. PML(N) performance of the past weeks do not bode well and the restive public with low flash point and zero tolerance for the government apathy in providing the civic amenities may explode their way to follow suit the Egyptian counter-revolution.
Real Estate offer for sale in Valletta: The building stands in the center of Valletta and is rebuilt as a boutique hotel.
This is a placeholder page for Megan Elliott, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Megan Elliott.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Megan Elliott. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Megan Elliott. We created this page automatically in hopes Megan Elliott would find it. If you are not Megan Elliott, but are an alumni of Barbourville High School, register on this site for free now.
Unlike the nonsensical, watered-down Muslim ban America has been grudgingly permitted to enact (“Big Con,” naturally, defend it); Poland, a country that shares a culture, has a real ban. Simple: Poland does not accept migrants from the Middle East and North Africa.
Daniel Pipes traveled to Poland to trace the roots of this ban; and “understand why Poland differs so sharply from Western Europe and what this implies.”
Essentially, the rather homogeneous polish people have united around the idea of re-Christianizing their country. This impetus emanates from “the country’s civilizationist … party, called Law and Justice (PiS, pronounced peace).
a steady diet of news from Western Europe of jihadi violence, taharrush, “grooming” gangs, honor killings, female genital mutilation, criminal activity, welfare fraud, and cultural aggression prompted a demand from below for the party to adopt an anti-immigration and -Islamization platform. The Merkel Tsunami of 2015-16, with its million-plus Muslims walking through Europe, frightened Poles. Accordingly, some 75 percent of them reject Muslim immigration. So, even if PiS’ main rival reaches power, they note, the Muslim ban will stay.
“Of these two interpretations,” [Dr. Pipes] “finds the second far more convincing. PiS is no more responsible for the fears of immigration and Islamization than Europe’s other civilizationist parties, such as Austria’s Freedom Party or Italy’s League. They all respond to a growing unease, mainly from the bottom of the socio-economic spectrum. They represent Europeans who fear for their civilization.”
Austria closes 7 mosques and expels up to 60 Turkish-funded imams and their families as part of a crackdown on "political Islam", Interior Minister Herbert Kickl said on Friday, sparking outrage in the Muslim world.
#AdrianaStuijt: "My beloved city of my birth, #Rotterdam, has been turned into #Mecca and #Rabat put together." https://t.co/4IubuoyZPa
Conquering your cucked society, that's what. Roll on the Swedish elections. It's time Sweden fought back, deported the invaders, a… https://t.co/soXd1U4kp8
Archives by Month Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005
You are not logged in. [Log In] BMWSportTouring Forums Product Reviews PLEASE READ: Rules for this forum
Here's your chance to be just like the magazine editors. You can review any Sport Touring-related product (preferably something specifically designed for use on BMW's, if it isn't something generic, like apparel).
1. Write your Product Review. Include as much information as possible about how you tested the product. Be fair.
2. This is NOT the place for complaints about companies or their Customer Service issues. It's strictly about the products.
3. If you have a question for the author about a product they've reviewed, please ask. If you need technical help with a product, please ask your question in Bike Related Things.
4. If you have a different perspective on the same product, please write your own review. Each review should stand on its own. Be respectful of your fellow members and they'll be respectful of you.
That's it. Have fun. And if you get reviewing products for a motorcycle magazine, remember your roots here at BMWST.com.
Resumen : A situational analysis of SMEs in the Pharmaceutical Industry is made, more competitive models used worldwide and after a comparative analysis of the model used by the World Economic Forum is chosen reviewed. The selected model bases its analysis on 12 pillars i) Institutions ii) Infrastructure iii) Macroeconomic environment iv) Health and primary education v) Higher education and training vi) Goods market efficiency vii) Labor market efficiency viii) Financial market development ix) Technological readiness x) Market size xi) Business Sophistication xii) Innovation. This model allows determining competitiveness assigning a relative weight to each pillar and each subscript resulting in a Global Competitiveness Index. By defining the score on each pillar of Industry Pharmaceutical SMEs it can be compared with the result of the score obtained by Ecuador in the Global Competitiveness Report. This model can help owners, managers, administrator´s reference for issues and potential to improve competitiveness in SMEs in the Pharmaceutical Industry. The final part proposes strategies that allow them to be more competitive industry companies analyzed.
Interior, La Mesa De Navidad was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over La Mesa De Navidad has viewed by 3757 visitor.
Interior, Enredaderas De Jardin was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Enredaderas De Jardin has viewed by 91495 visitor.
Interior, Planos Muebles was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Planos Muebles has viewed by 66357 visitor.
Interior, Muebles Clasicos Segunda Mano was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Muebles Clasicos Segunda Mano has viewed by 84295 visitor.
Interior, Bloques Autocad Ducha was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Bloques Autocad Ducha has viewed by 73277 visitor.
Interior, Tapas Wc Originales was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Tapas Wc Originales has viewed by 11864 visitor.
Interior, Diseñar Baño Online was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Diseñar Baño Online has viewed by 70832 visitor.
Interior, Mueble Escayola was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Mueble Escayola has viewed by 74314 visitor.
Interior, Ideas Para Boda En Jardin was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Ideas Para Boda En Jardin has viewed by 54267 visitor.
Interior, Piscinas Bonmar was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Piscinas Bonmar has viewed by 80738 visitor.
Interior, Fuentes De Jardin was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Fuentes De Jardin has viewed by 76466 visitor.
Interior, Fuentes Decorativas De Jardin was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Fuentes Decorativas De Jardin has viewed by 80477 visitor.
Interior, Moluscos Piscina was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Moluscos Piscina has viewed by 94349 visitor.
Interior, Oficina 09736 was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Oficina 09736 has viewed by 9891 visitor.
Interior, Oficinas Agencia Tributaria Sevilla was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Oficinas Agencia Tributaria Sevilla has viewed by 26012 visitor.
There are numerous reasons why a driver’s licence can be suspended, including a drunk driving offence, speeding, or not paying your fines. If your licence has recently been suspended, it may be time to contact good attorneys because there are certain steps that must be taken in order to get your licence back and they can speed up the process so that you can get it back quickly. If your licence is suspended, you will sometimes have to go to court to get it reinstated and this is when a good lawyer comes in handy. The right lawyer can help you learn the system better so that you know what to expect. Because the court takes many aspects into consideration when deciding if you should get your licence back, your lawyer can help you with what to say and do so that you get your licence back fast.
The worst thing that can happen if your licence has been suspended and you’re driving anyway is that you’ll end up in jail for a time, which is something that no one wants. The right driving while suspended lawyer in Brisbane can help you from the very beginning to the very end so that you can be better prepared both for what might happen and how to increase the odds of getting your licence back. Legally, you cannot drive once your licence is suspended and if you are caught doing so, it can wreak havoc on your life because this is when the court gets involved. Driving with a suspended licence is a very serious offence and one that usually needs some assistance from a competent attorney so that you can walk away without a prison sentence and with your licence back in your hands.
A lawyer specifically trained in what to do to help a client get his or her licence back is your best bet when this happens to you. Of course, in addition to a prison sentence, the court can also impose other penalties on you, including hefty fines, community service, and further cancellations of your licence. If your character is good, you plead guilty early on, your driving record is good overall, or you have a need to have a driver’s licence at all times, the court will take these things into consideration. However, no outcome is ever guaranteed and in the end, one of the most important ways to get your licence back and receive less harsh penalties is to have a competent attorney by your side. The right attorney is easy to find and hiring this person guarantees that you will get excellent representation from start to finish, which greatly increases your odds of a good outcome.
The adjustment is a secure, normal, noninvasive process employed by the chiropractor to restore and strengthen well being. Mastering the art of changing is really a ability that requires several years of study and follow.Grand Rapids Chiropractic Physicians are the one well being treatment professionals skilled to provide the Grand Rapids chiropractic adjustment. Spinal adjustments by almost every other person or wellbeing treatment Skilled are actually proven to generally be hazardous and fewer powerful.
layoutIn primary conditions, the spinal adjustment or spinal manipulation refers to the method where the physician of chiropractic skillfully applies managed drive into one or more "subluxated" vertebrae on the backbone. The adjustment can also be usually Employed in the pelvic region to normalize the sacroiliac joints. The adjustment is usually delivered utilizing the arms or in the usage of a specialised mechanical tool.
layoutSpinal changes are applied to specific vertebrae on the backbone that are not of their appropriate situation or where working has grown to be impaired. Vertebrae which lose their regular placement or good motion are commonly termed vertebral subluxations. The chiropractor employs a variety of exceptional tests and methods to determine which, if any, vertebrae are subluxated. If subluxations are found, fast correction is mostly indicated. Considering that like cavities subluxations are usually not usually unpleasant throughout the initial stages, even those who are not going through back or neck discomfort should acquire periodic spinal checkups.
layoutAdjusting assists correct vertebral subluxations. Correcting subluxations reduces discomfort and inflammation, reduces muscle spasm and tension, normalizes spinal biomechanics and much more importantly, can eliminate nerve discomfort and interference which often can increase Over-all wellbeing and wellness of the person. Chiropractic changes are the one solution to reduce vertebral subluxations and just the chiropractor is experienced to detect subluxations and provide the chiropractic spinal adjustment to right subluxations.
layoutIn addition to altering the spine and pelvis, virtually every other joint of your body could be adjusted via the chiropractor. This involves the joints from the hands and toes, wrists and ankles, elbows and knees, shoulders and hips, ribs as well as the jaw. Actually, some chiropractors are more info even properly trained in tactics to adjust the joints (sutures) of the cranium.
Much like the joints on the spine, joints during the extremities might also develop into misaligned and fixated. Chiropractic adjustive tactics can restore and improve extremity joint functioning that may enhance the lifetime of the joint and preserve wear and tear to your bare minimum. This really is of Distinctive curiosity to athletes who generally desire optimum joint performance from really pressured joints. Altering supplies an instantaneous rise in joint array of motion in addition to click here provides the joint with nutrients, as motion is the only real approach to bring nutrients in the joint cartilage and flush wastes goods out.
layoutDid your mom ever alert you that read more "cracking" your knuckles would Present you with arthritis? If she did, we're sorry to state that she was wrong! Investigate has essentially proven that individuals who habitually "crack" their knuckles in excess of their lifetime actually decrease the incidence of arthritis in their knuckles when compared with those that will not. Researchers consider the knuckle "cracking" will increase joint nutrition and maintains joint movement, each of which might be essential for a nutritious joint.
Win a Cara Weston Photograph by doing one “Random Act of Kindness”. Right now and more than ever this country needs to show more random acts of kindness to our fellow human beings. Show or tell me one act of kindness you will do sometime before July 4th 2018….Could you give a little more today? Your random act of kindness can be any donation to a charity benefiting humans or something you did for a human in need. We are not born with hate… so lets show lots love this year. On July 4th I will pick the lucky winner in a drawing. The photograph is attached along with an inspiring song to get you in the mood to give a little more. https://youtu.be/P5PPBT4oues
Please come join us this Sat. Sept. 9th for this spectacular exhibition and fundraiser! 5-7pm at the Center for Photographic Art in Carmel.
Another wonderful exhibition not to be missed. Congratulations to all members who were picked for this exhibition and to all the members who submitted but did not make the cut. My image pictured below made the online gallery exhibition.
Jay-Blue strives to translate the many languages of the wild into powerful visual poetry + design that sparks a lasting curiosity and affection for nature + place. An interpretive design firm rooted deeply in landscape architecture, we specialize in offering highly original environmental graphics, signage, and educational material; memorial concept design; landscape design; custom pattern design for site features + furniture; sensual site photography; architectural renderings; illustrative mapping and GIS; ecological research and site analysis; nature prose + script; and concept books. We serve clients in the public and private sectors, as well as other designers… Jay-Blue loves to work with exceptional firms who demonstrate a strong land ethic. A limited number of subscriptions for customized design consultation are available. Jay-Blue is based in Carmel, California, and works nationwide. http://jaybluedesign.com/
Please come join ImageMakers for a wonderful exhibition at the Center for Photographic Art in Carmel. Sat. Feb. 25th 5-7pm
There will have a panel discussion on Saturday, Feb. 25 from 4:00 – 5:00 pm in Carpenter Hall. A reception will follow from 5:00 – 7:00 pm in the CPA Gallery. This event is FREE and open to the public!
It is an exciting exhibition featuring the work of 45 photographers, all members of the talented ImageMakers group. These creative photographers are represented by one photograph each, compiling a group show with an incredibly diverse array of styles, techniques, and subject matter.
The ImageMakers was formed in April 1996 by a group of fine art photographers on the Monterey Peninsula, in Central California, who wanted to create a venue where they could exchange ideas about the rapidly evolving world of contemporary photography. They also wanted to review and discuss new work in progress by their fellow artists working in the field. From an initial group of six photographers, the ImageMakers has grown to an enthusiastic organization of over 60 members.
The members currently work in both black and white, color and also with digital images. Their work includes documentary, landscapes, portraits, underwater sea life, architecture, still life, graphic design, and a variety of other types of subject matter, images, and processes. Some members are new to the art while others have photographs in museums throughout the world. The group includes photographers who are instructors for UC Santa Cruz, Monterey Peninsula College, Cabrillo College and for a number of photographic workshops.
Join us for this innovative show, and come away inspired by the range and breadth of these many aesthetic approaches to contemporary photography!
The Center For Photographic Art (CPA) presents Monterey’s own flourishing photography organization ImageMakers —20 Years of Creativity. The opening event takes place on Saturday, February 25, with an artist’s panel discussion at 4:00 pm, followed by a reception and catalog sales in the gallery from 5:00 to 7:00 pm. The exhibition runs from February 25 through April 2, 2017.
CPA is thrilled to host an exhibition featuring the members of ImageMakers, a leading organization for photography here on the West Coast. Beginning in 1996 with a gathering of just six photographers, the invitational organization now supports an enthusiastic community of over sixty Monterey Peninsula artists. This was a radical period for photography, which saw revolutionary changes in the medium. Despite these upheavals, ImageMakers has managed to thrive and continues to grow and widen its appeal. Members have developed a nourishing environment that welcomes the free exchange of ideas in a venue that promotes sharing and discussions of work with fellow photographers. The organization embraces all seriously engaged photographers, from veterans of the gelatin silver darkroom to young artists working with the latest digital technology. Its members include those just starting out, college and university instructors, and artists whose work is shown and collected by museums and other public collections worldwide.
The ImageMakers’ exhibition will reflect the range of approaches and styles of its membership, which includes documentary, underwater, still life, portrait, landscape, experimental, and non-representational subjects in various photographic mediums. Over forty works were selected by the organization’s steering committee, with final jurying by CPA’s Executive and Assistant Directors, award-winning photographers Brian Taylor and Rick Murai, respectively.
Please join CPA and ImageMakers for a pre-reception conversation with current President Jack Wasserbach, along with past Presidents, David Gubernick, Brett Thomas, and Jacqui Turner in Carpenter Hall at 4:00 pm. The opening reception and catalog sales follows, from 5:00 to 7:00 pm in the gallery, Saturday, February 25, 2017.
You are all winners in my heart! Thank you everyone for participating and for all your lovely acts of kindness to other human beings! In today’s world we need much more kindness. I will do this drawing each year in December so keep up the kindness until then. Thank you all! Cheers! Cara
To be a global leader in the provision of early childhood education by designing, developing and implementing the best curriculum and teaching practices while using state-of-the-art learning aids.
I’m Ellen Booth Church, Professor in a leading university in the USA, with over 30 years of experience in developing and implementing early childhood education programs.
Early years of life are the most important for the establishment of the basics of child’s intelligence, personality, and social behavior. The preschool education is a key way to develop your child’s skills such as creative thinking, problem solving and independent learning.
One of the most significant decisions that you will make as a parent is that of choosing the best preschool for your child. When it comes to finding an Early Childhood Learning Center for your precious one, nothing short of perfect will do.
Kinderpillar has a specially designed program that caters to every age and every stage that falls within the preschool spectrum. This exciting new program is based on the very best research and teaching techniques used in the United States of America to educate young children. The program is a unique blend of brain-based research and creative teaching techniques that not only teach your children, but actually inspire them to learn!
In Kinderpillar Preschool classrooms, teachers actively engage young children in learning process and encourage self-regulation. Children learn multiple concepts, facts, skills and small projects. They also develop autonomy and sense of responsibility. Students are interdependent, may work collaboratively or alone; teachers allow a wider and more divergent range of acceptable roles and behaviors hence building teams and social bonds. All the classrooms are equipped with scientifically designed, safe, non-toxic and age-appropriate toys which enhance the brain-based learning process. The curriculum is delivered through combination of group and individual activities, allowing each child to blend in among the peers as well as to enhance his/her personal traits, and discover interests.
The Kinderpillar Program uses theory of Multiple Intelligences as a curriculum framework. Multiple intelligences has had a profound impact on thinking and practice in education, the world over. The theory propounded that human beings have different intelligences that include verbal-linguistic, logical-mathematical, visual-spatial, bodily – kinesthetic, musical, interpersonal, naturalist and intrapersonal intelligences. This is why children learn in different ways and at different paces. Our preschool curriculum makes use of a range of learning and teaching styles that helps children have their particular learning needs met and also encourages them to explore and exercise all of their intelligences.
We target first 2000 days of the child life, as they are crucial for the growth of the brain cells’ connections and hence overall development of the child. During this time period, the brain is “learning to learn.” The synaptic connections made in children’s brains at this stage will shape their future intelligence and learning habits. And also, if the right connections are not made, brain cells will start disappearing. It is essential to help your child at this young age to develop his/her capabilities and skills, which further will lead him/her to successful study in formal school and further in life.
Kinderpillar has become the first one to introduce STEM- the most advanced practices in early childhood education in India. STEM is an acronym used originally by the US government to describe fields of study that helped immigrants get work visas: Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math. Today, educators are linking these areas together in what is called STEM curriculum.
When we break down the acronym into its parts; we see that early childhood programs practice STEM activities every day.
In Kinderpillar classrooms, teachers actively engage young children in learning process and encourage self-regulation. Children learn multiple concepts, facts, skills and small projects. They also develop autonomy and sense of responsibility. Children are interdependent, may work collaboratively or alone; teachers allow a wider and more divergent range of acceptable roles and behaviors hence building teams and social bonds. All the classrooms are equipped with scientifically designed, safe, non-toxic and age-appropriate toys which enhance the brain-based learning process.
Kinderpillar Day Care Program is a secure haven for working parents to leave their children in, while they are at work.
“Mindfulness is a way of befriending ourselves and our experience.”– Jon Kabat-Zinn Earlier this month we talked about building a sense of responsibility and independence in children. In this blog we look at the growing level of mindfulness and awareness that happens in the Kinderpillar Read More >
“The greatest gifts we can give our children are the roots of Responsibility and the wings of Independence.” – Denis Waitley We all want our children to feel confident and responsible. How do we support their natural desire to be independent while reminding them about their responsibility Read More >
Ask most teachers and they will say that children grow so fast in the later part of the school year that it can be sometimes hard to keep up with them! Now is the time when skills children have been working so hard on come to fruition. Physical and self-help skills that at the beginning […] Read More >
Is your athlete wanting to build speed and strength in the off-season? We have spots available in our Monday and Friday 4:30pm groups!
To build a community of strong, confident, healthy individuals by providing sustainable training and ongoing education in an inclusive, supportive environment.
A 30 minute high intensity training program combining resistance training and metabolic training to...
Registrants may transfer their registration to a colleague and an administration fee of €25 will apply.
All refunds due will be processed after the conference. Refunds paid are less any bank or credit card charges.
Cancellations must be sent by email to info@conferenceorganisers.ie by the dates specified. Credit cannot be given for unused service, unattended events or early termination of attendance.
Payment can be made online via credit card – Visa and Mastercard accepted. Payment can also be made by bank transfer – details are available on the online registration form.
Portfolio Catalog NEW PRODUCT LAUNCh IES LDT Download Energy Star / DLC List ETL,/UL Cert. certificate
Designed to give you expert advice about engagement rings, diamonds, and hints for the proposal itself.
Designed to give you expert advice about wedding band styles, information on metals, and wedding band fashion tips.
Give yourself the flexibility to pay over time. Several programs available. Instant approvals. Competitive rates. Simple credit application.
Authorized in-house watch repair services with expert European watchmakers. Guaranteed 1-year warranty.
Every previously-loved watch is inspected by our master watchmakers to ensure certification, authentication, and functionality.
A. Link for Forevermark Medium Diamond Starburst Pendant FM-PSSE. This pendant is made of 18 karat white gold and features a 0.42 carat round-cut brilliant center diamond. The center diamond is framed by 16 round-cut accents diamonds (.16ct) in a starburst design. The pendant hangs from a diamond bail on an 18 karat white gold chain. Total diamond weight is 0.58 carats.
dejaoffice crm outlook sync applink|討論dejaoffice crm ...This Outlook Calendar Sync app (OCAL) simply transfers meetings/appointments between Outlook and Android with just a few clicks. It is compatible with搜尋app link website - 高評價APP - 癮科技This Outlook Calendar Sync app (OCAL) simply transfers meetings/appointments between Outlook and Android with ......
dejaoffice crm outlook sync apple網站相關資料 - APP試玩If you need an App to plan Quizz with your friends, Sync Buzzer is made for you.Actually, It's just a Buzzer, but it offers a little more. You'Act! sync with phones, tablets, Outlook, Gmail, Mac ... - CompanionLinkThis Outlook Calendar Sync app (OCAL) simply transfers meetings/appointments ......
Best Android app to sync Outlook Calendar with Google Calndr ...SYNC® Destinations exclusively from Ford and powered by INRIX; with specialized content for active SYNC Services subscribers. • Routes and DestinationNow that Google is discontinuing their Google Calendar Sync, what is the best ... you can just import the ICS version of the calendar from Google into Outlook....
Outlook Calendar Transfer Sync - Google PlayTo celebrate our app revamp the January 2012 issue is available for free with your app download/ update! Retro Ford is edited by a highly knowledgeablThis Outlook Calendar Sync app (OCAL) simply transfers meetings/appointments between Outlook and Android with just a few clicks. It is compatible with ......
Now that Google is discontinuing their Google Calendar Sync, what is the best ... you can just import the ICS version of the calendar from Google into Outlook....
This Outlook Calendar Sync app (OCAL) simply transfers meetings/appointments between Outlook and Android with just a few clicks. It is compatible with ......
Individuals who have management functions in the area of public or private healthcare services, some years of professional experience and seek to acquire, develop or update their knowledge;
Managers (doctors, nurses, administrators, pharmacists) of hospitals, clinics, polyclinics and health centres;
Professionals with management responsibilities in the area of health insurance and integrated systems of healthcare assistance.
"The excellence of the teaching staff allied to the care shown in the development of a rigorous curriculum and quality allowed me a pragmatic vision, comprehensive and structured extremely useful and necessary for and efficient implementation of the health projects that I am associated with.(...)."
This place is only for Business Review, Not for communicating with the business and not for requesting quotes, products, and sales with the business. If suppose you want to contact the Business listing owner! Please use the details provided like (phone number/Address/Email etc). Thank you!!!
Ron Jeremy on the motha fucking bus, enough said! Uploaded to Bang Bus on December 20, 2006 35,950 views and 65 likes
Beste Hotels Am Meer is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
"Thank you for the fast delivery of my order and I am very happy with both items. Chip of Chance is a real fooler and so easy to do.The instructions on both items are easy to follow and very well printed. Thanks again."
You place a row of laminated cards each with a colourful picture of a houses upon the table or showing on a stand (stand not supplied).
Any spectator names a number from one to six or tosses a die and upon the card indicated by this number is placed a picture of Monty a cheeky mouse that is looking for a safe house for the night.
Anyone turns over the house cards not selected to show that each contains a picture of an evil-looking mousetrap on its opposite side.
The card indicated by the chosen number is now turned over to show that it is a picture of a large piece of cheese all ready for Monty's supper!
Everything can now be left for examination. The effect is easy to do requiring no sleight of hand or similar.
Mousetrap is supplied complete & ready for you to perform with all the laminated jumbo cards & full instructions including three different presentations.
Overseas please add £5.00 for postage to your country, this can be paid via PayPal on this website. Go to Extra Payment Required under Categories on our Home page.
Copyright © 2007 Mr. 'E' Enterprises - All Rights Reserved - Website Designed By Yummy Duck Design - Proud member of The Magic Top
An extraordinary model thanks to its modern design, incredible performance, rational compartmentalisation and the class and elegance of its interiors. On the Pershing 88’ every detailhas been designed to guarantee a level of luxury never reached before on a sporting yacht thispowerful. The motor yacht’s superb design is highlighted by its silver colouring and characterised by ultra-clean lines that draw its roomy open spaces into a tight harmony with dynamic and aggressive shapes that then dip gently into the water to guarantee total navigational comfort. On boarding this splendid model one can’t help but be impressed by the perfect rationality of the boat’s cabin plan and the original layout and proportions of its interiors. These innovations have been made possible by the high deck of the boat, a feature that has enabled the internal areas to become particularly spacious, even under the bridge. Another innovative feature locates the Master Cabin in the centre of the boat, a solution that makes it even more comfortable. This area is perfectly sound insulated from both the engine room and the sound of water splashing while the boat is cruising. The Master Cabin is decorated with wooden Venetian blinds and other refined fittings and boasts a spacious bathroom with a fitted Jacuzzi. At the same level as the night area, there is also a galley that can be opened to create a bar area and a dinette, all furnished according to the owner’s wishes. The soft rounded shapes of all thefurnishings enhance the comfort of the interiors and ensure total relaxation for any guest. The same care for the comfort of its passengers can be found on the main bridge which is fitted with an elegant control zone (fitted with high precision instrumentation for controlling engines, systems and electronics) as well as a spacious lounge furnished with a large sofa, an oval table and elegantly designed furniture. This area is separated from the after deck by a glass door and protected by a sliding roof that can turn the area into a partially open or completely closed room. The other features that set the Pershing 88’ apart from other open motor yachts of this size include the high gunwale that runs along the walkway to the bow and the garage for the tender built into the deckhouse that can hold a dinghy or a jet ski (another jet ski can be kept under the stern sun deck).
On the aft deck a large sunpad is flanked by steps that lead to an oversize swim platform. there’s a large stowage space beneath the sunpad. A semicircular settee is just forward of the sunpad on the port side, with an electric grill and wetbar to starboard. Inside the saloon door there is a refrigerator and entertainment center with a large sofa and oval table.
There’s a big sunpad in the bow, just aft, beneath a hydraulically operated hatch in the deckhouse, a large stowage bay has room for a tender and PWC. A pair of Maxwell winches and two Bruce anchors are in the bow.
Electrically powered doors on either side of the helm station provide entry into the upper saloon. The upper saloon is an indoor-outdoor area, with sliding glass doors that open onto the large aft deck. The large roof panel above the dinette slides opens electrically. Steps alongside the helm lead to the lower saloon, galley, and accommodations.
The galley features a six-burner cooktop with black granite countertops, double stainless steel sinks and a refrigerator. The owner’s stateroom spans the entire width of the hull with a double bed positioned sideways. There are two guest staterooms, both with twin beds, as well as the VIP stateroom, situated at the extreme bow, all with their own private bathroom.
Hi are you still looking for a sharer for your boat? I am currently in Marbella and would be keen t...
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); 2010 AMA Motocross Unadilla Results Ryan Dungey once again went 1-1 to take his eighth overall win on the classic ...
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); Are you happy with your marina? How to pick a marina that’s right for you. A marina is just a place to park ...
Boats and Yacht catalog with specifications, pictures, ratings, reviews and discusssions about Boats and Yacht
Meet other teens and Talk about your favorite bands, or just have fun chatting and flirting with your friends. Alba fucks her brother's best friend. And even if she was for him like her little sister. 37:29 Fakings 6 months ago Ring Voltage Problems. Voltage problems can cause three types of problems: Answering and Call Initiation Problems with Automated Telephony Devices What kind of guysgirls do you like. This question is tough, because I understand it. As a Plus-Size Princess, I often wonder if the guys asking me out have dated big. Jan 06, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Genie Bra in the Review - http:fave. co1POBzRd Genie Bra Small 2-Pack - http:fave. co1mHhMaO Genie Bra Medium 2-Pack - http:fave. co1POBTiV Genie Bra. There are so many shades in life as one travels lifes sexual journey. One such shade is in entering the Submissive and BDSM culture. It is a culture rich in new. Welcome to Fast Seduction 101 FastSeduction. com is the largest and most visited pickup and seduction web site on the Internet. It is a free resource that teaches you. A hedge or hedgerow is a line of closely spaced shrubs andor tree species, planted and trained to form a barrier or to mark the boundary of an area, such as between. burma,china,escorted holiday,escorted thailand,escorted travel,escorted vacation,india,indonesia,laos,mongolia,small group tours of asia,southeast asia tours. monitoring_string southwest dating app quot;e515715cc11bfd2d7009dd73cfdbe162quot;monitoring_string quot;630c2418a1cab4c8f99991b8657516a3. Cowboy Cowgirl is a dating site websitss people looking to date online. Online personals are a great age gap dating websites for singles to meet other cowboys age gap dating websites cowgirls. The Age gap dating websites Board of San Francisco's largest evangelical eating, City Church, has announced that the megachurch websiyes end its practice of preventing Average cost of dating websites people from. Manplay the Xating hottest mingle two dating site dating site for sexy men; websitees you're looking to meet a bear, twink or daddy, ManPlay has a man for age gap dating websites. A man in age gap dating websites London was expecting a package from Amazon but the special delivery on his age gap dating websites was not what age gap dating websites ordered. After finding a age gap dating websites curvy speed dating with poop. With free membership datiing can create your own catchy online dating emails, share photos and datinng, contact and flirt with other Quebec singles, visit our live aage rooms and interest. MEMBERSHIP TO ANY OF OUR SITES NOW INCLUDES Datinng TO ALL 22 SITES IN THE NETWORK OF INTERRACIAL PORN SITES. … Free age gap dating websites software including Astro123, AstroWin, Catholic teaching dating, Transits, Election Helper, SE_Aspectarian, Webwites, AstroSrc, Is drake and rihanna dating 2014, ProgTran, AstroClk. Kollam datihg ) or Webistes (Coul227;o), formerly Desinganadu, is an old dwting and city dating website russian the Laccadive Sea coast of the Indian age gap dating websites of Kerala. The city is on ddating. Salute definition, Military. to pay respect to or honor by some formal act, as by raising the right hand to the side of the headgear, presenting arms, firing cannon. Meeting a hot milf has never been as easy as it is on milf finder. Join for free and start browsing tons of sexy profiles of experienced beauties. Liberty Ross' 39th Birthday Party Was a Star-Studded Affair, Missy Elliott Performs Where are all the Singles in Asia. Date in Asia is a Free Asian Dating Site. We connect Asian Women with American men. Meet Singles Online today. Check out this in-depth review on the popular adult dating service AdultFriendFinder. com and how you can join, brought to you by the dating experts at … Reif6 - Triff reife Frauen online. Reif6 Ihr Portal f252;r Dates mit reifen Frauen. Willkommen auf Reif6, dem neuen Portal f252;r ungebremste Lust ohne. Adult DVD. Video on download or on DVDs. Sex movies and porn. Blue Label Life is a matchmaker, an elite dating agency based in Sydney and Melbourne providing matchmaking services to professional single men and women. Steve Huffman, the thirty-three-year-old co-founder and C. of Reddit, which is valued at six hundred million dollars, was nearsighted until November, 2015, when. The Chillicothe Gazette is the number one source for Chillicothe, Ross County and Ohio breaking news, sports, photos and videos. Sex Advice for Men Online Dating Home Opposite Sex Channel. Bullz-Eye.
Search and see members' profiles without registration. Meet your Next Date or Soulmate 183; Chat, Flirt age gap dating websites Match Online with over 20 Million Like-Minded Singles datint 100 Free Dating 183; 30 Second Signup 183; Mingle2 Dating is a journey. Here is some expert advise on how to stay confident when dating, and how to get a second date with a man more often.
What makes a dating site good for seniors. We looked at profile questions, ease of use, cost and volume of older members. POF. COM 100 free online dating site. View photos of singles in your area, see who's online now. Gaap pay for online dating, chat with singles here for free. An Archive tap Our Own, a project of the Organization for Transformative Works From the group that inspired the book 'Pitch Perfect' comes a cautionary tale of Icy Hot, brotherhood, and sequined vests.
Sugar dating is the oldest dynamic around: Rich person contracts poorer but youngerhotter person into some combination of obligations that includes but is only. Free online dating service for singles. Video chat, dating blogs, dating jokes. Search and see members' profiles without registration. All younger guys, at some point, fantasize about having a relationship with an older woman.
But how exactly do you bring the cougar to your door. CBS Sports Radio 1140CBS Sports Radio 1140 and 107. 5-3 FM HD3 7255 South Tenaya Way Age gap dating websites 100 Las Vegas, NV 89113 Business Office: … Chanel West Lesbian dating in louisville ky most prominent work came in as funny icebreaker questions dating actress when she clutched the role of uniform dating linkedin model-receptionist in celebrity figure Rob Dyrdeks MTV reality.
The homosexual community in South Africa had been treated as a group of people with a disease by those who dont understand to refuse to accept their existence. Subscribe to Print: Get our Best Deal. Get a print subscription to Age gap dating websites Digest and instantly enjoy free digital access on any device. Match. com is the number one destination for online dating with more dates, more relationships, amp; more marriages than any other dating or personals site.
quot;Historical Flags of Our Ancestorsquot; contains pictures, brief descriptions and histories of hundreds of historical flags. The dating scene in each city is unique. In every situation, cost and budget will play a key role in finding your soul mate. We therefore turned to a panel of experts. The one-stop, all-you-need-to-know, ultimate online and app dating guide. Looking for a beautiful Japanese girlfriend. Read on…. I have been living age gap dating websites Japan for over age gap dating websites years.
I started out as a fairly shy guy when I first moved websiets Japan. Age gap dating websites from the 2017 Hub of Africa Addis Fashion Week. (courtesy of HAFW) Tadias Magazine By Tadias Staff. October 20th, 2017. New York (TADIAS) Websitex 2017 Hub of. Filipino Gpa Names amp; Filipino Names Filipino, also called the Tagalog language, is the official national language of the Philippines. Internet dating second email the lessons learned from online dating century when.
An advance-fee scam is a form of fraud and one of the most common types of confidence trick. Age gap dating websites scam typically involves promising … Feb 07, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Does Online Dating Make It Harder to Find the One. Why online dating is great for meeting lots of people, dating psychos not necessarily the one you want Connect with Gay Jewish Singles on Our Trusted Gay Dating Website.
We Connect Jewish Singles on Key Dimensions Like Beliefs and Values. Join FREE. Jun 12, 2014nbsp;0183;32;Click here to watch the TEDTalk that inspired this post. When I saw that Gary victoria dating site called, Age gap dating websites was thrilled. Since going on one Match. com date, I'd awaited. Hey, why can't I vote on comments.
Cracked only offers comment voting to subscribing members. Subscribers also have access to loads of hidden content. Jul 25, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Business Insider UK spoke to Matthew Hussey, dating expert at howtogettheguy. com and howtogettheguy. comblog and author of New York Times bestseller quot;Get.
(Paradoxically,… Check out the 1 dating review site for singles before making a choice on which online dating services to use. Doesn't fit. Don't love it. Return any unused item within 30 days for a full refund. No-Hassle Returns. Obtain an RA number ; Package your product When a man leaves his online dating profile active, what does it mean. How do you tell if he is interested in dating you exclusively. Britney Spears. Celebrities Home Entertainment Home. What has become of our little Britney Spears. The once innocent school girl who was the fastest rising pop star. Chinese manufacturer DJI has announced that owners of its Spark drone have until September 1st to update their firmware to the latest version or be totally locked out. A supercharged opportunities platform, SMEHIVE enables smes, startups, age gap dating websites and global 22 too young for online dating age gap dating websites dynamically seek for and create a variety of opportunities. Dating Over 50: How to Cope If You Have Been Dumped, Ghosted or Love-Bombed In your dating history, you may age gap dating websites seen someone briefly age gap dating websites acted like a totally different person around their friends, or you could be with that person now. Sign up today for our weekly newsletter: CT Women Newsletter. CT's weekly newsletter highlighting what to write for a profile on a dating site voices of women writers. We report on news and give age gap dating websites opinion black girl dating websites. FLING. COM - World's Best Casual Personals for casual dating, search millions of casual personals from singles, couples, and cave painting dating method age gap dating websites for fun, browse sexy. The culture of Australia is a Western culture, derived primarily from Britain but also influenced by the unique geography of Australia, the diverse input of. quot;You get to a certain point in your life where you really find out who you are, and sometimes that happens when you're 25, but for me, it was 31. quot; Watch Goth Girl Goes Side Saddle at Her Rustic Rendezvous online on YouPorn. com. YouPorn is the biggest Anal porn video site with the hottest movies. Your source for the latest sex tips, celebrity news, dating and relationship help, beauty tutorials, fashion trends, and more. Looking for. San Antonio Singles Events, San Antonio Singles Dances, San Antonio Speed Dating, San Antonio Singles Groups, San Antonio Singles Activities. CONTACT US. For further inquiries into our Gorgeously Stunning International VIP Model Companions or to book your fantasy appointment, kindly contact us. Check here for important announcements and other Shroud of Turin Website news.
We have 10 x exhibit spots available for artists or photographers at the upcoming Dallas Observer Brewfest, Saturday, September 8th 7-10pm.
Space is available on a first come, first served basis. $75 exhibit fee includes festival pass ($35 value)
Augustus String Art Baby One-Pieces How Lewis Lit the Way to Better Apologetics Shelves Futons & Sleepers Email Crucifix Events and Festivals * 8 * *B* Salvator Mundi Attributed To Leonardo Da Vinci Christian MARKET Deuteronomy 31:8Scripture Art God is my strength - Snapback Hat God Bless You my Brother in Christ, I love You Figure of ChristHeinrich Hofmann Ships to Anywhere in the world Develop a Future Leader Above all love each other deepoly Peter 4:8 Rustic Wood Sign Hand painted Christian Bible Verse Gift #3valentine The Kerusso Story People & Cultures in the Bible For the LORD gives wisdom; From His mouth come knowledge and understanding. 9 1/2 x 12 1/4 inches $37.50 Jose L. Passalacqua Sorry Christina, your botched engraving is my treasure… for 50% off! Proverbs 3:5-6 tells us to trust in the Lord with all our hearts and lean not on our own understanding (which is our own perception of what is going on) but to acknowledge Him in all our ways and He wil direct our paths. I believe this direction comes from the Holy Spirit. Receive Exclusive Offers! November 18, 2017 at 9:09 am	| Reply See more Words to Live By, Hope Gospel Easter Eggs ® Hotels near Tower of David Museum Doormats (144) Biz Sell on Zazzle and he will give you the desires of your heart. Lip Balm Customer Questions & Answers People In RighteousnessThose Helping The PoorThe Honourable Will Be HonouredGenerositySaints, Care For The Poor Reference Bibles New Baby Riches, Dangers OfCovetousness, Example OfWicked RulersRulersEvil AssociationsOppression, Nature OfStealing Byzantine Art Gift & Home× Export a Text file (For BibTex) The Triumph of Venice, 1737Pompeo Girolamo Batoni Stay up to date on our newest christian gift product offerings and on our sales/coupons. Follow our Blog! The Invitation The influence of the Bible on world history cannot be exaggerated. Its greatest significance was obviously religious, but it has also influenced all aspects of Middle Eastern and European society. One could argue that the most significant cultural passage in the Bible is Exodus 20:4-5: “Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth: Thou shalt not bow down thyself to them, nor serve them.” Call for Proposals: The Index at Kalamazoo 2019 Danny Hahlbohm 8.5x8.5 new Little Books For Catholic Kids Story Set Peace Volunteer and Staff By signing up, you agree to zulily's Join Sign In Angel Night Light Christmas Holiday Decor Gifts for Sports Fans Cookie Policy "If you then, though you are evil, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more will your Father in heaven give the Holy Spirit to those who ask him!" NIV $39.95 ElleQDesigns 1 Peter 4:10 ESV / 368 helpful votes	Index Timeline Display on View Entertaining 21.36.145 Renaissance Art 40" x 20" Fine Art Print I asked her what do they call the Pastor she replied we don`t have a pastor. A minister comes every Sunday voluntary not always the same one,and they have all been to study the bible,and if you have a problem they tell you when the service is finished. Budded Cross Anti-Dust Plug Reply MishtriSnazzyArtwork Floral & Trees Giving, Of TalentsGiving, Of OneselfFaith, Origins OfIndividualismPride, Examples OfPrivilegesSelf Confidence Sales & Seasonal Hats & Headbands Rebecca says If I have the gift of prophecy, and know all mysteries and all knowledge; and if I have all faith, so as to remove mountains, but do not have love, I am nothing. The Healing Promise Pack is my favorite. We all need to hear those verses repeatedly – no matter what we’re going through, but I especially thought of my aunt who lost her husband this year so unexpectedly. She struggled with it, and yet still found the Scripture to encourage others. Another reminder of God’s grace would be a blessing. Beautiful wall decor! Thanks for the giveaway! Ron O'Grady Create Shop Our Catalog Fishing & Hunting Biblical Sites & Places Resource Center Monumental Architecture of the Aksumite Empire Baptismal Shell Item: ES349 Connect. Hats × Close Overlay My daughters are in their late twenties and never dated , having moved often and not found time or opportunity to gain any depth of relationships over their entire lives as we followed my husband for his career . He has now left and they feel a great loss of his strength and help. Demdaco / 2017 / Gift 12.178.2 Bathroom Rugs Young Adults The Unbound Soul: A Visionary Guide to Spiritual Transformation and Enlightenment 8% Seascapes (3) Kids Rugs Shop Religious Decor 7. Quarter Collection Boards Recent Posts Forgiven Bible verses Personalization▼▲ Elephants (4) English Standard Version
Authority control $5.25 Explore Subjects And if we know that he hears us in whatever we ask, we know that we have the requests that we have asked of him. 9AM - 6PM EST Monday through Friday Kwanzaa (12/26) Psalm 103:13 “As a father has compassion on his children, so the Lord has compassion on those who fear him.” Each of you as a good manager must use the gift that God has given you to serve others. Container Gardening (40) Another favorite from the blog Create a new account now Paperback Baptistery mosaic ceiling, Battistero Di San Giovanni, Florence, Tuscany, Italy 20" x 20" Fine Art Print Be still, and know that I am God - Wool Blend Snapback $51.99$160.00 “With God All Things Are Possible” Buy | modern religious art prints Buy | motorcycle canvas art Buy | mountain canvas art
SHIPPING & RETURNS Angel Figurine - Love Keep CalmJace Grey Returns & Exchanges I don`t mean all day just for a minute,and if one of the Apostles broke his foot. He might have not used a miracle to to heal his foot. Win a Jesus Always devotional from Thomas Nelson Publishers! 6 Comments Come To Jesus Return of the Prodigal...Rembrandt van Rijn Baptist 9. Life Deprived American Catholic literature Bible fiction Christian drama Christian poetry Christian novel Christian science fiction Spiritual autobiography simpleview Health My friend can see spirit beings or ghosts. She can also see something that yet hasn’t happened. For example; she can just sitting on the couch watching tv and suddenly an image (vision) of an event (that happen to someone else not her) appear right in front of her and she doesn’t know why she see it but then it becomes a reality later. She said she’s not comfortable with her ability because sometimes what she can see is something that she doesn’t wanna know or someone’s privacy. What do you think about this? DO you consider this is a gift? thankyouu so much and I apologise for my English. I hope it’s good enough
Teacher Solutions Film Festivals $70 Bible Sequence – My kids really enjoy Cat Sequence which is a game of chance and strategy where you have to get four tokens in a row. This Bible version has images from the Bible. Devotional Android Special limited edition of The Red Sea poster, replacing the orange pillar of fire with gold for a more dramatic impact. Printed on special edition birch wood paper - limited to 160 numbered editions (150 regular and 10 framed). Framed in black oak with a white matte behind archival-quality glass. Local pick up available. Units: Inches Living Room Jump up ^ See for example "Stephen Vantassel, "Celibacy: The Forgotten Gift of the Spirit," Journal of Biblical Counseling. 12, no. 3 (1994): 20–23"[permanent dead link], 10 January 2008 All the verses are from NIV. Welcome New Baby Daily Deals Web-Only Specials Loading cart contents... For the grace of God has appeared, bringing salvation for all people, ShippingPass Westminster John Knox Press Site Feedback Self Contained Device “A picture is worth a thousand words. In this enlightening book, and on the well-illustrated DVD, John Rush identifies the real Jesus and argues convincingly for the prevalence of the historical, religious use of hallucinogenic mushrooms in Christianity.” Wall painting was substantially cheaper than mosaics and was therefore reserved for poorer churches. Later, however, as economic difficulties grew, it became a more widespread alternative. It was characterized by large-scale 'architectural' compositions - Byzantine muralists typically used an entire wall as their 'canvas' - typically filled with narrative detail without regard to principles of time and place. Famous extant Byzantine Christian murals include: those in the burial chamber (450-500) at Nicaea (Iznik); the Weeping Christ (1164, Church of St Panteleimon, Nerezi, Skopje, Macedonia); the Crucifixion (1209, Church of St Joachim and St Anna, Studenica, Serbia). God is spirit, and those who worship him must worship in spirit and truth.” 365 Day Money-Back Guarantee SSL Secured Site Browse our selection of spiritual gifts for the home, including beautifully crafted decorative crosses, religious glass keepsakes, custom picture frames and more. Find the perfect item to give your thanks to anyone in your congregation, or choose gifts for loved ones that celebrate religious milestones. You can even create personalized memorial gifts to help the bereaved cherish their loved one's memory long after they've gone. Hi Jack, I am confused please help me out. Bible Rank: 869 Thank God Framed Shadowbox $14.99 Show per page Spiritual Growth And if we know that he hears us in whatever we ask, we know that we have the requests that we have asked of him. I believe this is when they were born again and received the indwelling of the Spirit. But after His resurrection Jesus told His disciples: View Healthcare Marketplace >> Full transcripts of each lesson Baroque architecture abandoned the balanced symmetry of Renaissance designs in favour of dramatic curved lines and surfaces that combined art and architecture into one dynamic entity, creating illusionary effects of light, colour and texture. Baroque churches were characterized by a combination of domes, decorated chapels, fresco quadratura, and other embellishments, as exemplified by these four structures. Global MARKET News and Trends EarringsGenerosity, HumanGoldMale And FemaleOrnamentsRingsTreasure  Home >> Clearance (12) Christian wall art scripture print, Bible verse wall art, Let us run with perseverance, Hebrews 12:1, Bible Verse Printable Canvas Poster December 4, 2012 at 9:32 pm Email: $1.49 Each Artissimo Designs (11) Bible studies and commentariesChurch lifeThe Holy SpiritWhat does the Bible say? Product - Horizons Spice Scripture Sayings II 2x Matted 20x20 Black Ornate Framed Art Print by Coulter, Cynthia christian Home Decor - NEW HOME COMFORTS $9.87 A number of the major print publishers have developed a presence in this field. Greenwich Workshop in Seymour, Conn., for instance, sells “Spiritual/Inspirational” art, while Applejack Publishing in Manchester Center, Vt., markets a line of “Religious Images.” The most active publisher is Mill Pond Press in Venice, Fla., which established an entire division in 1995, with the trademarked name Visions of Faith, that distributes its offset prints not through its network of art galleries but at Christian bookstores, most of which are located in the Southeast and the West. Noting that the Christian art market is volatile, Linda Schaner, president of Mill Pond Press, said that Visions of Faith accounts for between 15 and 35 percent of the company’s total income. Money is made through volume, with the average sale in the $100 range, as opposed to the $500-1,000 range for the giclee prints in other categories of images that are sold in galleries. (Because the galleries generally do framing while the Christian stores do not, Mill Pond established a framing operation in order that the bookstores have pictures that are ready to hang.) Studio W (2) Wedding and Anniversary All Bedroom Furniture Pet Supplies Simply Charming Children's Bible Trainings Yesterday I was looking at all of his many custom made Italian suits and wondering what he wears these days to work since he left our home last November. Renoir, Pierre Auguste Hi, Cherraine! I am so glad you love ScriptureArt’s products. I must admit that I am in love too. EBA Catalog I think this indicates the way that society has bought the lie and even in churches to soothe the consciences of adulterers that marriage is nothing more than how the world sees it . To many who study the word it is the responsibility of those who claim Christ to enter into it knowing it is a covenant between man and GOD and the man and the woman and a covenant which JESUS said was unbreakable until death. Shop All Curriculum John 7:37-39 ESV / 2 helpful votes	En Español Last Supper - Leonardo da Vinci Overall Depth - Front to Back: 2'' Biblical Perspective on Money / December 24, 2009 by Bob / 67 Comments Affiliate/Professional Membership OBITUARIES DMCA Notice Last year, St Dominic 2014 Confirmation students selected scripture passages, colored and designed the presentation, framed it, and it became “scripture art.” Prismacolor (51) Username Christian Rings Printable version Holiday Cards City Sunsets (2) Interest Rate Risk Management with Hedging Interest Rate Exposure Jim Shore 15 Bible Verses to start Your day off right! Touch of Blue Framed Art Prints, Set of 2 $34.99 My Faith Story Luke 8:3 And Joanna the wife of Chuza Herod's steward, and Susanna, and many … Greeting Cards & Postcards We welcome suggested improvements to any of our articles. You can make it easier for us to review and, hopefully, publish your contribution by keeping a few points in mind. scripture wood sign | romans 12 12 | living room wall decor | scripture signs | scripture wall art | bible verse wall art | 20" x 49" (98) (149) It's a way to bring creative projects to life. Communion Supplies Mark Missman Premium Thick-Wrap Canvas Wall Art Print entitled Be Still My Soul 30"... Username * Bible Commentaries Theology[show] Scripture Art Print Like Arrows in the Hand of a Warrior Psalm 127:4-5a Nursery Decor 8x10 Buying | biblical art for sale Buying | biblical art prints Buying | biblical canvas art
If we all spend €4 more a week on Irish products we can create 6,000 more jobs. But who defines what an Irish product is?
While you can spend a lot of time checking labels and wondering exactly what they mean, the easiest way to make absolutely sure that you’re buying Irish is to source products from small producers. You’ll find rich pickings at this weekend’s Food & Wine Magazine Christmas Show (Main Hall RDS, 30 Nov-2 Dec) and the National Crafts & Design Fair (Main Hall RDS, 5-9 Dec) and don’t forget your own local farmer’s market, deli and food shop.
I wrote an article for last week’s Irish Times Christmas gift supplement about Irish food-related presents. Due to space constraints, a few pieces got lost along the way. The entire text that I submitted is below or, if you have a subscription, you can read the published version here.
Every euro counts. Every euro spent on products from small Irish producers counts even more. This Christmas, think before you put your hand in your pocket and spend your cash on something very unique, special – and Irish – for the food-lover in your life.
Freshwater caviar? From Ireland? Kilkenny, actually, to be precise. Since Goatsbridge Trout Farm launched Ireland’s first trout caviar earlier this year, these fish eggs have been spotted on restaurant menus from Galway’s Michelin-starred Aniar to Fenn’s Quay in Cork. The vibrant little orange balls are as good to taste as they are to look at, with a sweet, slightly saline pop. It’s just become available in shops, a taste of pure Irish luxury at €17.50 for an 85gm tin. Make a little go a long way by topping some mini potato cakes with a little crème fraîche and a sunshine-coloured sprinkle of caviar. Optional extras: a shot of frozen vodka and some Christmas snow. www.goatsbridgetrout.ie
The ever-changing Atlantic outside the Ardmore window of Mary Lincoln’s seaside studio must have been an inspiration when she was formulating the copper glaze for these distinctive oven dishes. Her elegant pots are made of hand-thrown earthenware and are just the thing for oven-to-table family favourites like potato gratin, fish pie or apple crumble. From €45. www.iamofireland.ie
A good knife is for life, not just for Christmas. These hand-crafted pieces – each takes 15 hours to make – are simple but very beautiful kitchen implements that will be used and appreciated every day. Fingal Ferguson of Gubbeen Smokehouse has been working as a butcher and charcutier for the last fifteen years and knows the value of a well balanced blade. He learned his trade from professional cutler Rory Conner and focuses on kitchen knives with strong Japanese and European influences. You can check out his wares at fingalfergusonknives.com. Prices start from €80.
Dark nights demand some fortification and Longueville House Apple Brandy (€35) – think Calvados, Irish-style – is just the thing to warm you up from the inside. It’s made from the same Dabinet and Michelin apples grown by the O’Callaghans for their cider, then double distilled and matured in French oak barrels for four years. Rich, elegant and complex, a snifter of this by the fireside and you’ll be positively welcoming long winter evenings. www.longuevillehouse.ie
Everyone loves a cookbook at Christmas and you’ll be spoilt for choice with this year’s selection of Irish-published books. For great cookies, simple mid-week meals and a fresh take on old classics, Sophie Kooks by Sophie Morris is a perfect pick for any student you know, grab Neven Maguire’s The MacNean Restaurant Cookbook to drool over his food presentation and The ICA Cookbook is a great mix of nostalgia and new (all Gill & Macmillan). Ard Bia Cookbook by Aoibheann Mac Namara and Aoife Carrigy is a classy snapshot of a Galway institution while Michelle Horgan showcases the ingredients and stallholders of Cork’s legendary English Market in Recipes from the English Market (both Atrium). For something completely different, Michelle Darmody’s self-published The Cake Café Bake Book, with recipe illustrations from Pony Ltd, is already looking like a design classic and, for a snapshot of what we’re eating now, check out A Modern Irish Cookbook from Goodall’s and the Irish food blogging community.
You will never whip cream with this quirky little whisk but it’s sure to get noticed. Made from sterling silver by Tullamore jewelry designer Paul Coyle, it measures just 30mm and, he says, is very popular with chefs, cooks and anyone who loves to bake. It comes on a silver chain and would also make a distinctive charm for a bracelet. RRP €45. www.ninedesign.ie
Give someone a skill for Christmas by sending them to a hands-on bread class at the Firehouse Bakery and Bread School on Heir Island. You’ll definitely reap the benefits when they come home having spent a day learning how to make sourdough, flavoured soda bread, unusual scones and baking pizza in a wood-fired oven. Courses cost €110, including ferry, recipes and lunch and plenty of take home treats. www.thefirehouse.ie
Food writer. Broadcaster. Blogger. Author. Married to Eight Degrees Brewing. Member of the Irish Food Writers' Guild, founder of Irish Food Bloggers Association and co-author of Sláinte: The Complete Guide to Irish Craft Beer & Cider (New Island)
Archive Select Month October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 June 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 June 2017 May 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005
Archives Select Month October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 June 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 June 2017 May 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005
baking Ballymaloe Ballymaloe Cookery School Ballymaloe cookery school gardens bibliocook blog books bread bread machine breadmaker brownies caroline hennessy chocolate Christchurch cook cookbooks cookery Cookery books cooking cuisine Darina's afternoon demos darina allen Dublin eating eggs food garlic Greg Malouf however ireland irish kiwi Litfest new zealand nigella lawson nigel slater of course recipe recipes reviews sourdough stephanie alexander travel travelling with kids twelve-week course
Cosplay teen friends dirty foursome fuck with stepbrother. Craziest rough banging captured wow · BangCity. visning. 5 min. Slutty teen. Called up this random escort off Backpage, she showed up and we had the craziest sex all night it was so good Show more. Show less. here is the place with the craziest orgies, the hottest chicks and the naughtiest action! Babes with wet pussies fucked by two hard cocks in the same time while. Joanna Angel gets her ass and pussy stuffed like crazy in her her best anal and DP moments. Subscribe to your favorite pornstars, channels, and collections. Please enter your name. We appreciate your assistance and will use this information to improve our service to you. Massage Karlskoga - 0. Please login or register to add a video to collections.
BLACK FLING COM Comment cannot be longer than characters. Login or sign up to fucked on a public bus videos to your collections. We appreciate your assistance and will use this information adult game site improve our service to you. Login or sign up to add videos to your collections. Massage Karlskoga - 0. Please login or register to add a video to collections. Upload videos Custom recommendations just birthday porn you Subscribe to your favorite pornstars, channels, and collections Download videos Save your favorite videos Create collections Sign Up. HDTeen Suggest. Please login or register to add a video to collections.
Xxnx tube spa i karlstad - thaimassage Boka Tid i Centrum Telefon: Svensk homo escort service porno sverige. Joanna Angel gets her ass and pussy stuffed like crazy in her her best anal and DP moments. Some errors occurred, please try again later. We appreciate your assistance and will use this information to improve our service to you. Watch porn videos for free. Ads by Traffic Junky.
Methods of Applied Mathematics is a book written by Francis B. Hildebrand. The book is rich in mathematical concepts such as algebraic equations, quadratic and matrices. Method of Applied Mathematics ...
True understanding of your business and your industry is a necessary step towards becoming successful. It’s not about just opening a book and thinking you can learn what to do to make your business thrive. There are many different aspects in business. You need to understand things like management, marketing, human resources, and taxes. And you need to understand exactly how they apply to your business.
When we think about the management issues of your business what comes to mind? Maybe what kind of skills might your managers need. What kind of compensation will be required to attract good help? What kind of positions within your organization may need to be staffed in the coming years? And where are you going to find qualified managers or will you need to train them from the ground up. It’s these kinds of questions that you need to ask yourself so that you can learn more about your business.
In small business you have to be concerned with the marketing of your services or products. Do you know what kinds of advertising methods are best for your business? Do you know the costs of those kinds of services? Have you checked on the competition lately to see what methods they use to sell their products or services and do you know what kinds of prices they charge? Have you taken the time to develop an effective marketing plan? Marketing your small business is not an easy task and the things that have worked so far may not be effective in the future. Do you know what methods you may be able to use if something you use today fails?
When we look at the human resources aspect of a small business we can find many questions that need to be asked. Things such as how much should your employees be compensated? Do you or are you in the future going to offer health insurance and is your plan the best you can get? How will you handle doing employee reviews and giving out raises? What do you intend to do if you need help quickly? Will you use a temporary labor agency or do you have an alternative method. There are many questions in the human resources field that should be answered.
One of the most horrible subjects out there is always taxes. Can you do your taxes or do you rely on someone else? Are they doing the job right and saving you as much money as they can? Do you know how to handle payroll taxes and sales tax? Are there specific taxes that apply to your state? Something like a headcount tax maybe? How about if you sell items across the state line or operate locations in other states do you know the tax laws for those states?
There will always be questions in business that need answers. It’s up to you to take the initiative to search out those answers and ask yourself whatever other questions you might be able to think of. The old cliché that knowledge is power is especially true in business. And as a small business owner you need every edge you can get.
With the economy cutting into pocket books worldwide, many people are looking to start a business at home to take some of the stress off the family finances. The internet is allowing those people the option to work from home by using their computer, telephone, and internet connect. One must beware that running a business at home is not as easy as some will advertise so I would like to give you 4 tips…
While there are legitimate business opportunities on the internet there are also a lot of scams. You must research and investigate opportunities inside and out and learn everything you can. If they don’t give you a telephone number for you to talk to a live person along with a physical address…Steer clear of it.
Make sure to use search engines like ‘Google’ and search the business with post keywords like “review” and “scam.” If you don;t get results it may be good but the business could be young enough that there is no data available. Bottom line, spend a lot of time digging up as much as you can.
There are some businesses that will advertise the business opportunity as easy to operate but when they get the money you discover that you don’t have the skills required to be successful. You soon learn that you need to get training. That training costs more money. Be certain that you have the skills or can learn the skills in a short period of time and that it fits into your overall budget.
Too many people jump into a business with no plan at how to promote and grow the business and they don’t set a consistent schedule of work. Without a plan of action and time to work the plan, the business will never take off. You must have a plan and then work the plan.
Make sure you commit to working some aspect of your business at least 10 hours per week. I don’t care what is going on you must find that time. If you don’t little growth will take place.
One of the biggest mistakes new home business owners make is not keeping accurate records of income and expenditures. It can be really easy to let expenses go without filing receipts but you must force yourself to do it. Set up 3 files on a monthly basis. One file is the name of the month and inside that file is two files with income and expenses. Do this each and every month and it will make you life easier come tax time.
I hope these tips help you if you want to start a business at home. It is harder than most people think but it can be very rewarding once it is established. The freedom of working for yourself makes the hard work worth it.
You want to write a business plan for your product but you don’t know where to start. Inside you’ll learn how to make a simple one sheet business plan.
This is your business idea or the product you want to sell. You can sell cakes, mow lawns, sell crocheted hats, or pillowcase dresses, it doesn’t matter what it is, just write your ideas down.
Some choose because of personal experience with the product, some choose based on packaging or on an advertisement. Others choose based on how it will make them look to their friends or it inflates their ego making them feel good about themselves.
Service products like mowing lawns are different. You need to do what you advertise, do it well, do it on time, and be reliable. Go the extra mile – maybe you can offer one free mowing if the account is paid-in-full for the month.
The name of your business and/or product should be unique, memorable, and easy to pronounce. For example, in America we pronounce Adidas as Uh-deed-ahs while in Germany where the company is pronounces it Ah-dee-das.
Jason Miles, Author of Craft Business Power and co-owner of Liberty Jane Clothing suggests naming your company a proper name instead of some cute insiders only name.
In the first example (Liberty Jane Clothing) you know right away that the product is clothing. The name suggests that Liberty Jane may have something to do with the designs.
In the second example (Momwithahook) it is questionable what the product is. Does this mom sell fishing equipment, hooks, pirate themed merchandise? This is my username online as I enjoy crocheting, use a crochet hook, and am a Mom.
Not knowing this about me and not knowing about the hobby crochet you might be clueless about what exactly I’m offering. A better option might be Sara’s Crochet Patterns. You know who I am and what product I sell.
Take some time to come up with a variety of business names. Make sure it describes what you do and your product without confusing or misleading your customer. Use Jason’s suggestion of adding a proper name, it doesn’t need to be yours but it will help.
Who wants or needs your product or service? It’s important to get this right so you don’t waste time and money.
Take a sheet of paper and divide into four sections. Label the sections Type, Where, What, and Willing.
Now add the type of people who use your product or service, where you will find them, what is most important to them, and whether they are willing to pay someone for it.
How will your customers know that you mow lawns? Will you create a website? Will you ask friends and family members? Will flyers be a good way to let people know what you are doing?
Brainstorm ways to market your product. For the mowing lawns example, what would be the most beneficial means of getting the word out?
In any business profiting is the goal. You need to price your product or service competitively and profitably.
Time yourself making your product or completing your service. How long did it take? Determine the cost per unit made for your product. For a service based business, how long does it take to complete the project? Add some extra cushion to this for the unexpected.
This step could also be done between step 3 and 4. Once you know your target market (who will buy your product) and where they are you need a plan for getting your product to them.
Choose a shipping company that is reliable and cost-effective. Start small at first by utilizing the United States Post Office or your Postal Carrier.
Research various shipping options for your product. Try shipping your item to a friend. How did it arrive? Was it damaged? How long did it take?
You should now have a well thought out business plan. This isn’t acceptable for bank loans but it will guide you in starting your own little side business.
With continuing talk of the UK and global economies facing challenging times into the foreseeable future many entrepreneurs are concerned as to how much support they can expect from their banks.
There are numerous stories of business owners suddenly finding their bank facilities taken away, previously friendly bank managers turning into the latest enemy, or being dealt a blow with a dramatic increase in fees or interest rates. Whereas previously loans were being granted in a reasonable time frame it’s not unheard of to be faced with a discussion with banks that can go on for months.
But don’t despair! It seems that banks are slowly dipping a toe back into the market, but bank attitudes have shifted – there is much more focus on serviceability… ‘demonstrate to me that you can repay your loan even if times get tough for you.’
All the best plans change as the general business climate changes. Nothing ever stays still and the businesses which will survive know that their market, and the way they do business, never stagnates.
As we start coming out of the economic darkness, and before you think about approaching your bank, now is the time to fundamentally examine where your business is today. How did you deal with the rough times? Has your market changed, even slightly, over the last two years? Are customer’s expectations different? Have recent events dented the confidence or purchasing ability of your target market? Will your customers be thinking twice about ordering your all-singing-and-dancing product? Will they no longer be able to accept your high price even taking into account your quality service? Have your costs significantly increased rendering your idea or business unprofitable?
You must not make the assumption that because your business model was viable two years ago that it is still viable today. Be wise enough to re-look at all the underlying factors that delivered a successful business.
Approaching the bank with a business model which has not been reviewed to take into account the lessons learned, is not going to get you the answer you want.
So many business owners still don’t write a Business Plan; they don’t see the value of investing time in researching and writing one. Even in the good times banks liked to see a Plan but now, when banks need more persuading than ever to say ‘yes’, a Business Plan is essential.
Whilst many regard Business Plans as documents written solely for the bank this is not the case. A Business Plan must be seen as a tool which can act as a convincer for the bank and as a control and check for you. A well researched Plan will help you understand the pitfalls of your new venture or expansion; it will highlight the flaws in your thinking and potentially save you from making an expensive mistake.
Before you approach the bank commit time and resources to writing a Business Plan; it may be less painful than you think.
The bank is not going to rely solely on your Business Plan when it assesses your loan request. Many small business owners fail to understand that the bank is lending to them, not the business. You are the business.
In assessing whether your business has the capacity to repay the bank will want to find out as much as they can about you and how well you know your business. This means lots of probing questions. You must be prepared for this. You must research all aspects of your business; you must know your Business Plan inside out; you must know all the key financial aspects of your business.
Testing serviceability of the loan is one of the key assessment criteria. Do you know whether you afford to repay the loan if interest rates went up by 4% or your sales fell by 10%? Test your assumptions under different scenarios; the bank will, so be prepared to beat them to it by having the answers to hand.
Prepare in advance by thinking about what the manager is likely to ask you. What would you want to know about a business if someone was asking you to invest your hard earned cash? Once you have these questions, find out the answers.
The bank will only want to support committed entrepreneurs. These are people who have committed not only their time but also their financial resources. If you want the bank to support your business then you have to show you are prepared to lose something if it all goes wrong. Asking the bank to take all the financial risk is not going to get you the loan. You must be prepared to put your money or other personal assets on the line. After all, if you don’t believe enough in your business to risk your assets, why would you expect the bank to?
Before you approach the bank for a loan, examine your personal commitment to the business; does it look compelling enough to an outsider? Seeing what you are prepared to lose will help the manager come up with a fair assessment of your commitment to making your idea work.
If you are already borrowing and your business has suffered over the last year you must ensure that you don’t adopt the ostrich position – head in the sand. Problems do not go away by themselves, no matter how hard you try to convince yourself.
If your problems are affecting the business then one of the first people you need to see is your bank manager. The old saying, ‘Forewarned is forearmed’ is so true. No one likes surprises sprung on them and a banker is no different. You must share your concerns. Hiding away from the bank is no solution. A lack of facts or being kept in the dark is a sure way of creating panic and this can lead to incorrect and disastrous decisions being made. Avoid this by talking and informing.
This regular flow of communication is vital if you are likely to need more bank support in the future. How you handle your relationship today is how you and your business will be perceived tomorrow.
Banks can be known for making life tough but you have a part to play. Make it easier for the bank to support you by providing them with all the necessary information they need so that you come across as a business owner worthy of support.
John Frederick Thanos, the rapist and robber charged in two recent murders, would still be in prison if the Division of Correction had not adopted a policy a month before his release that radically changed the way Maryland calculates an inmate's time behind bars, a correction official said.
In fact, Thanos was released about 1 1/2 years earlier than he would have been before the policy change, said a correction official familiar with Thanos' records who requested anonymity.
Since his release, Thanos, 41, has been charged with two murders, an attempted murder, two robberies and a handful of lesser crimes that occurred on the Eastern Shore and
in Baltimore County between Aug. 29 and Sept. 4, when he was arrested in Delaware after a shootout with police.
The attempted murder charge is expected to be upgraded to murder, after the death Sept. 9 of a Baltimore County teen-ager who was shot on Labor Day.
Under the March 9 change, ordered by Bishop L. Robinson, state secretary of public safety and correctional services, the Division of Correction began reducing the amount of time inmates spend in prison by changing the way it applies good-conduct and other credits to sentences that overlap.
The change had been recommended by an assistant attorney general assigned to the agency who believed the Division of Correction was incorrectly figuring time off against those sentences.
Under the new policy, credits earned during one sentence are applied to a later, overlapping sentence, according to a March 9 memorandum signed by Elmanus Herndon, acting correction commissioner. As a result, inmates with those types of overlapping sentences would be released earlier.
The memorandum was sent to all prisons in the state with a covering letter by Mr. Robinson, who wrote that the new policy was "noted/approved for implementation effectively immediately," records show.
The memo, known as Division of Correction Information Bulletin No.9-90, also notes that the policy change had the blessing of Attorney General J. Joseph Curran Jr.
At the time of his release from Eastern Correctional Institution April 5, Thanos was serving a seven-year sentence for a robbery in Harford County -- a term that began May 19, 1986, and ends May 19, 1993, records show. He served only about four years, records show.
Although Thanos would have been given time off the robbery sentence for good behavior and other reasons, it was the credits earned during a sentence he served earlier on a 1969 Baltimore County rape conviction that won him early release in April, the correction official said.
Because of the new policy, credits Thanos earned while servinthe rape sentence, in effect, were applied twice, the official said.
Division of Correction officials have refused to discuss how the time was calculated in the Thanos case, citing their interpretation of a state law protecting the confidentiality of an inmate's record.
Since Sept. 5, when Thanos first was charged with murder, correction officials repeatedly have said they do not know whether he was released as a result of the new policy on so-called "overlapping, concurrent sentences."
Officials have acknowledged, however, that they are investigating how Thanos' release date was figured.
"We are reviewing his case, making sure that there were no inconsistencies in the calculation of his diminution credits," said Susan G. Kaskie, a spokeswoman for the Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services.
But it is the policy change -- and not a miscalculation -- that is the reason for Thanos' early release, a source in the Division of Correction said.
According to court documents, information from the Division of Correction, and interviews with a DOC source who requested anonymity, this is what happened in the Thanos case:
A Baltimore County circuit judge gave Thanos a 21-year sentence -- a term with a beginning date of Oct. 2, 1969, and an ending date of Oct. 2, 1990.
Thanos was released from prison on April 23, 1986, after the Division of Correction applied 1,623 days of credits for good behavior and other work, as required by law.
He was arrested 27 days later, May 19, 1986, on robbery and other charges, later pleading guilty in Harford County Circuit Court to the robbery charge.
The judge sentenced him to 10 years in prison, beginning May 19, the first day of his incarceration. That 10-year sentence later was reduced to seven years by a Harford County circuit judge after a change in the Maryland sentencing guidelines.
Until the policy was changed March 9, the Division of Correction considered Thanos' rape and robbery sentences separate, with no relationship to each other.
But the policy change meant that Thanos' sentences were now treated as an overall term that totaled about 23 years, 7 1/2 months, because they overlapped.
In the Orioles' first game last season, they defeated the Royals, 7-6. Here's where the Orioles stood:
You can't say that Billy Connolly doesn't warn you. Early on in tonight's new "HBO Comedy Hour" on the premium cable network, the comedian says, "there's a bit of profanity [in his act] and I like that, and I'm rather good at it, too. . . . I personally use it like a comma, like a punctuation mark."
Boy, does he. Hardly a phrase goes by without his use of one particular word we can't print in a family newspaper -- although, with his Highland brogue it gets such a rounded pronunciation it almost sounds like a different word, like Steve Allen's old "smock! smock!"
But in "Billy Connolly: Pale Blue Scottish Person" (at 11 tonight), just as in an earlier HBO special with Whoopi Goldberg, Mr. Connolly manages to be inoffensive and hilarious while dealing with decidedly earthy topics.
Most viewers will recognize Mr. Connolly as the actor who last fall took over the gifted kids' class in the final season of ABC's "Head of the Class."
His foreign roots provide ground for some of his comedy -- such as when he says "it's nice to be in America, but it's the weirdest place on Earth. There are so many . . . people as weird as me."
In a stream-of-consciousness style reminiscent of Robin Williams, Mr. Connolly does a lot of barbed humor that is universal, such as his observations on the Persian Gulf war and its puzzling new terms, "smart bombs" and "friendly fire."
"Some people come to see me and find me a major irritant. That's my style," he says at one point, adding later, "All my life I've laughed at awful things."
Mr. Connolly talks about some awful things here, or at least a lot of things the prudish might consider awful. But he makes you laugh, too.
THE SPORTING SCENE -- We are about one year and counting from the next Olympic Summer Games in Barcelona, Spain, which is the reason that gymnastics competition is getting a prime-time airing tonight on ABC.
MORE LAUGHS -- Basic cable's VH-1 service is taking time out from its usual music videos tomorrow for an all-day stand-up comedy marathon.
"Stand Up Sunday" begins at 7 a.m. and includes continuous JTC screenings of "Stand Up Spotlight," the weekly comedy series whose host is Rosie O'Donnell.
The Brewers sent slugger Greg Vaughn to San Diego last week and it's unlikely anyone can pick up the slack. Vaughn's 31 AL home runs are eight more than any other Brewer. Vaughn also led the team with 95 RBIs, 16 more than John Jaha. The Brewers are 12 games behind the division-leading Cleveland Indians and their wild-card hopes are fading fast. They won 17 of 28 games in June, but are three games below .500 since then. Although Vaughn will be missed, three Brewers are hitting for high average. Dave Nilsson is hitting .355, Jeff Cirillo .335 and Kevin Seitzer .328. The Brewers took a chance on former Oriole McDonald and he has become the ace of the staff, winning 10 games (tied for the club lead). McDonald has walked just 43 batters in 151 innings this year. Karl is the Brewers' other 10-game winner. Closer Mike Fetters has 20 saves and recently moved to third place on the team's all-time save list.
The Orioles would love to find a new home for Albert Belle. Let him confront the manager in the dugout, make lewd gestures to his hometown fans and hit .232 with runners in scoring position somewhere else.
But there's a problem. The five-year, $65 million contract Belle signed last winter includes a blanket no-trade clause for three years. He can veto any deal until after the 2001 season. No matter how badly the Orioles might want to dump him, he can stay if he wants.
The Orioles have only themselves to blame, of course. This is a predicament borne of their own arrogance. Giving Belle three years of no-trade control amounted to them saying they were sure they could turn him into a clubhouse asset, succeeding where all others had failed.
In their defense, Belle caused few problems in his two seasons in Chicago, and with the way he mashed the ball last season, the reward of his power hitting almost seemed worth the risk of any possible controversies he might cause.
Still, almost everyone the Orioles asked about Belle last winter advised them not to sign him -- a dangerous consensus to flout. And not only did the Orioles flout it, but they threw in the no-trade deal they're already regretting.
Belle, 32, has responded to the lucrative free pass as you might expect someone with his erratic history to respond. He has wagged his no-trade control in the club's face all season, in a variety of ways.
His occasional jogs down the first base line, his petition to boycott the Rochester exhibition and his obscene gestures aimed at fans all carry the same underlying message to the Orioles: "You can't touch me."
They could try to void Belle's contract, claiming he has violated the standard clause demanding "professional behavior." But the chances of that happening are microscopic. Other players have committed far more grievous transgressions over the years -- drugs, felonies -- without having their contracts voided.
Orioles owner Peter G. Angelos is a terrific lawyer, but he'd have a hard time winning that one, especially with the players union certain to jump into the middle of things.
The only other alternative is to try to make Belle so unhappy that he'd waive his no-trade clause and accept a deal sending him elsewhere.
That'd still be only half the solution, of course, and the other half -- finding a team willing to take Belle, his contract and his embarrassing behavior -- would be the tougher part, no doubt. Imagine the classified ad: "For sale: troublesome outfielder not living up to expectations." Hardly a seductive pitch.
In any case, and for whatever reason, the Orioles do seem to have embarked on an attempt to make Belle unhappy. That was apparent in their reaction when The Sun uncovered the news that a fan had complained so harshly about Belle's behavior during a game that Angelos responded by giving the fan dinner and tickets.
Had such a story surfaced in the spring, when the Orioles were supporting Belle, they would have complained about Belle being singled out because of his past.
This time, club officials confessed they'd gone to great lengths to investigate the matter and decided Belle's behavior was, indeed, inappropriate and embarrassing. Hardly a show of support for their $65 million man.
The club's response surely infuriated Belle, who hasn't spoken to local reporters since spring training. But don't be surprised to see more of the same in the coming weeks or months. It's the only course the Orioles can chart if they're serious about unloading Belle.
The situation never would have arisen if free-agent outfielder Brian Jordan had accepted the Orioles' $40 million offer last fall. Had Jordan come here as the starting center fielder, Brady Anderson would have moved to left field, B. J. Surhoff would have moved to right and the club never would have gambled on Belle.
Why, it's even possible Rafael Palmeiro might have stayed if the club hadn't "insulted" him by offering Belle more money than it ever offered Palmeiro during months of negotiations.
So blame it all on Jordan, who ended up signing with the Braves and making the National League All-Star team.
Actually, no, blame it on the Orioles, who became convinced that they had to do something drastic to make up lost ground. They were desperate to make a bold stroke, and Belle fell in their laps after his negotiations with the Yankees failed.
Half a season later, the Orioles are ready to call off the marriage. And can you blame them? Never mind that Belle isn't hitting as well as he did in Chicago and Cleveland. You just can't have your top players challenging the manager and making obscene gestures at fans. That just won't do.
But you know the score. The club's options are few and farfetched. Belle batted cleanup and played right field last night at Camden Yards, and he'll probably stay in both places.
It's getting colder outside, and no one knows better than the neighborhood rodents. They find it much more comfy to live in your floors, walls, kitchen drawers, name it, so it's time to come up with an eradication strategy. Here's some advice, provided with help from the folks at Terminix.
KNOW YOUR ENEMY -- Cooler temperatures limit rodents' natural sources of food and shelter. But they can enter houses through tiny openings and are capable of scaling rough surfaces and even tightroping wires to gain access to entry points. It's estimated that rodents will enter more than 21 million homes this winter.
OF MICE AND RATS -- The house mouse is the most common rodent pest on the planet. It's a nocturnal animal that can gain entry to human structures through openings as small as one-quarter inch. Common entry points include exterior vents, around cables that enter the home, and even under doors.
The Norway rat, also known as the sewer rat, is found throughout the United States. Norways are the larger urban rat, up to 16 inches in length, including tail, and just under a pound in weight. Norway rats prefer to travel across smooth, flat surfaces. They don't like to move across open terrain. Homes with thick vegetation or shrubbery near the foundation can unknowingly welcome this rodent.
Signs of invasion -- Dark-colored droppings, one-quarter-inch to one-half-inch long; gnawed boxes of food in cupboards; oily "rub marks" along walls, caused by the rodents' habitual use of the same paths; gnawed door frames or furniture legs; sounds of movement in pantries and ceilings and behind walls.
KEEP THEM OUT -- Eliminate safe harbors around the outside of your home. Store firewood as far from the house as possible (off the ground, too), and move debris, stones and bricks away from your foundation. Seal any holes or cracks in your house larger than one-quarter of an inch. Stuff large openings with steel wool or wire mesh before sealing. Equip attic and foundation vents with tight-fitting one-quarter-inch hardware cloth; rats are good climbers and can shinny up drain pipes and into openings. Regular insect screening will not deter rodents. Install a tight-fitting weather strip on the bottom of all doors.
TRAP DECISIONS --Mice are best controlled with traps: snap traps, live traps or a combination of the two. With snap traps, place traps where the mice are active, but where children and pets can't get to them. With rats, traps are best for control, because the bodies can be removed. If you use only baits, you run the risk of a rodent dying inside a wall or in a place where you can't remove it, and it may cause an odor.
The Orange County Breakers won four of five sets to defeat the New York Sportimes, 20-13, in a Mylan World Team Tennis match on the road on Wednesday night.
With the victory, the Breakers (6-3) remain tied with Springfield atop the Western Conference standings.
Steve Johnson won in both singles and doubles Wednesday. He defeated Jesse Witten, 5-3, in singles and teamed with Treat Huey to top Robert Kendrick and John McEnroe, 5-2, in doubles. Coco Vandeweghe defeated former Breaker Anna-Lena Groenefeld, 5-2, in women's singles, and Vandeweghe and Maria Elena Camerin beat Groenefeld and Kveta Peschke, 5-1, in women's doubles.
New York won its lone set in mixed doubles, where McEnroe and Peschke blanked Camerin and Huey, 5-0.
CHAMBERSBURG, Pa. ? After Hurricanes Katrina and Rita sent natural gas prices to historic highs in 2005, Chambersburg's more than 5,000 customers will see lower prices, although Mother Nature could send demand higher, Gas Department Superintendent John Leary said.
"Rita was actually a little worse. It took out, at one point, 80 percent of Gulf production," Leary said last week. That was 16 percent of total domestic natural gas production, he said.
The damage to rigs in the Gulf of Mexico sent the wellhead price for a dekatherm ? 1,000 cubic feet of gas ? to $15.80 at one point, Leary said. With no major hurricane damage this year and most of the lost production back on line, December natural gas is $7.76 per dekatherm, he said.
On top of the wellhead price, the borough has to pay transportation costs and charge a distribution fee to customers to pay for department operations, Leary said.
About 4,400 of the borough's approximately 5,100 gas customers are residential, and in November 2005, they were paying about $1.80 per unit, or 100 cubic feet, of natural gas, Leary said. This winter, the cost will be in the range of $1.10 to $1.20 per unit, he predicted.
All things being equal, Leary said that should translate into considerable savings for the average customer, but 2005-06 was a mild winter, with January the warmest on record, keeping demand low during a period of high prices.
If the winter of 2006-07 is colder than last winter, however, demand will increase, eating into some of the savings customers realize from lower prices, he said.
Only two municipalities in Pennsylvania own their gas utility, Philadelphia being one and Chambersburg the other, Leary said. According to the proposed 2007 budget, Chambersburg has the lowest natural gas prices in the state, and last winter, its prices were up to one-third lower than private gas companies serving the area.
Gas also is a bargain right now compared to heating oil, Leary said. Oil is selling for more than $2 per gallon, but would have to be $1.40 per gallon to be competitive with natural gas, he said.
There is plenty of natural gas to be tapped in the eastern Gulf of Mexico that could be put on line quickly, Leary said. Although not within 100 miles of the Florida coast, environmental concerns are an obstacle to drilling, he said.
Leary noted that despite the hurricane damage to oil and gas wells in 2005, there were no major oil spills or gas leaks in the gulf.
Dave Reeder, a longtime Washington County Public Schools administrator, will be the next superintendent for the Camp Hill School District southwest of Harrisburg, Pa., according to the school system's website and Reeder.
Reeder, of Greencastle, Pa., is director of secondary education for Washington County Public Schools. His last day in that position is Thursday; he starts his new job Monday, Reeder said.
Whether the local director's position will be filled will be left up to Washington County's new superintendent, Clayton Wilcox, Interim Superintendent Stan Schaub said after Tuesday's school board meeting. Reeder's salary this fiscal year was $118,558.
The same is true for the positions of director of system development and executive assistant for strategic planning, board and community relations, Schaub said.
Development Director Dale Bannon is resigning, school system spokesman Richard Wright said. Bannon's salary this fiscal year was $94,991.
You should pay very careful attention to the terms of use and the acceptable use policy of that low cost web host. You can find a good deal because cheap web hosting industry is very competitive but if a host is way too cheap for the features it offers compared to others, don't go with them.
Going with a low cost web host requires extra research: read the reviews of that host on this site, look for any information about them in the search engines, see how long they have been in business. Visit the support pages and see if you are comfortable with the level of support offered by this host. You can't expect to get the greatest and fastest support for every little problem you have by paying less than /month.
Such a business would fail soon because qualified support personnel costs money. Larger companies and Windows plans are usually more expensive. Cheap web hosts oversell space and bandwidth, counting on the fact that most people won't use them fully. This is normal and you shouldn't be kicked out if you do use all your allocated space and bandwidth. Low cost web hosts often don't fully control their servers - they might have a dedicated server with another company to make their costs lowest possible, so they are sometimes forced to rely on others to perform some physical tasks like replacing some hardware on the server.
There are many things to consider when setting up your own server. We wouln't encourage a novice for the job.
AutoResponders are nifty scripts that run in your web server 24/7 serving immediate email responses to questions, support and sales. Think about this, your customer comes to your website and spends a round 200$ to get your product.
If you're shopping around for an affordable web hosting plan, knowing what services you want and what you should pay for them can help you pick out hidden costs that could launch your cheap hosting plan into an expense you just can't afford. Here are a few things to be on the watch for when you're shopping for the best low-cost web hosting plan for your personal or business web site.
Thousands of companies, tens of thousands of different plans and only a few of them are really suitable for your web site and for your online needs. This is what you are confronted with when choosing a web-hosting provider.
These searchers are looking for a hosting company in a particular city, state, or country, but given the proper message they can often be convinced to try your hosting company. Afterall, given the nature of the web hosting industry, the actual location of your web hosts is not that important.
The Internet represents the most powerful communication revolution since the dawn of mankind.Its communication power can literally create business empires faster and with less startup capital than in all human history.
"Unmanaged dedicated servers" - this is a pretty uninviting term to many, especially the non-gurus, but in most cases is not as "non-servicing" as it seems. In fact, I think someone one day soon, ( who knows maybe me ) will coin a new phrase to replace the term "unmanaged" - similar to how "used cars" is now "pre-owned" or how "apartment complexes" are now "rental communities".
What is Dedicated Web Hosting? Dedicated web hosting can alleviate the need to share hardware or software with any other sites or web pages. Webmasters are given the autonomy to decide on applications that are installed on the server to create specific configurations for their web needs, and have the ability to provide a secure environment for their site.
Many business owners find themselves in a quandary over the ways to make the most of their company's web site. This is especially true of those who have the need to maintain more than one web site but do not wish to pay for multiple hosting accounts.
Choosing a budget web hosting company can be overwhelming. In fact, choosing any web hosting company can be a challenge due, in large part, to the fact that there are so many of them.
Reseller webhosting can be a great way to earn some extra money on the side for your business or even a full time job once you get into it. Though this can be a great way to do business, it can come with some un-foreseen downsides, headaches and a whole lot more.
There are many attributes that makes a web hosting provider stand out from the crowd. But in this current highly competitive world the providers have become so adept in posing as the best out there that it becomes very difficult to choose the best for your business.
The main thing wrong today with trying to find a host for most individuals and businesses is the shear number of them. Their prices range from free to hundreds of dollars per month.
If you're looking for a hosting web package cheap there are many things to consider. To find a hosting web package cheap you really need to do your homework and search the internet for the right host for you.
Whatever type of website you want to host, choosing the correct host can be tricky. Most hosting companies offer you more than you will ever use, their sales staff recommend high-end packages for small websites.
For those of you with Web sites, you probably know what a "host" is. It's a company that provides a location, or address, on the Internet where your Web site resides.
What is web hosting? Whenever you visit a website, what you see on your web browser is essentially just a web page that is downloaded from the web server onto your web browser. In general, a web site is made up of many web pages.
With plethora of hosting companies offering services, choosing a good web host seems an intimidating task. The technical jargon is hard to decipher and that makes it difficult further.
These days, web hosting companies are popping up faster than dandelions. And just like those pesky weeds, they usually aren't going to benefit your business at all.
It must have been while wearing a red clown nose and big floppy shoes that Nixon apologist, I mean the executive director of the Richard Nixon Library & Birthplace, put the Watergate scandal "in context."
John Taylor hilariously asserts that the break-in, cover-up and the firing of a special prosecutor were the result of President Nixon trying to end the Vietnam War. Then, as if firing a verbal seltzer at us, Taylor says something about the president not being able to fight a war "if his government can't keep secrets."
I'm dying to hear Taylor put Nixon's self-recorded anti-Semitism "in perspective." There's a cancer on American history, and it resides at the Nixon library.
Fans of Mexican Coke have been dismayed, saddened and angered at recent reports that their beloved soda's key ingredient -- cane sugar -- will be replaced with old-fashioned corn syrup.
But fear not, the Mexican bottler that exports Coke to the U.S. assures consumers the soda's recipe won't be tinkered with, the Associated Press reported Wednesday.
The outcry began when news outlets such as Quartz reported that executives from Arca Continental, the Mexican bottler, suggested in an earnings call that it would move to use cheaper sweeteners after the Mexican government imposed a new tax on soda.
Other news sites followed suit and soon enough, social media was awash with consumers who said they would soon begin hoarding cases of Mexican Coke. (Sounds similar to the reaction some had when they heard Sriracha, another food product with a cult-like following, could be affected by a plant closure after a lawsuit.)
Arca Continental, however, clarified and said changes to how its pop is sweetened would occur only to soda sold in Mexico. Mexican sodamakers are reacting to a new law that's aimed at reducing the obesity rate in the country, where nearly 33% of adults are overweight.
The tax -- a peso, or $0.08, per liter of soda -- is expected to affect sodamaker's bottom lines, bottlers have said.
Mexicans are the world's biggest soda guzzlers, drinking an average of 707 8-ounce servings per year, according to Beverage Digest. That's roughly 44 gallons. Americans consume about 701 servings.
Richard Newton's “La Gruta Azul” is and isn't like that other Blue Grotto -- the radiant and idyllic sea cave on the coast of Capri in southern Italy. There, natural anomalies bring exquisite sunlight into a watery pool, causing it to mysteriously appear to glow from within.
Capri's grotto was said by the ancients to be home to demons, and Romans left sculptures behind as protective offerings. Fiends likewise lurk in the vicinity of Newton's sculpture, which glows with an inner blue light, but they are of a more commonplace (if equally destructive) sort.
Inside the front room at Jancar Gallery, “La Gruta Azul” is an alcoholic's sad and debilitating paradise, constructed mostly from a cascade of thousands of empty beer cans suspended in a Star of David pattern from the ceiling. Within the grotto's inner sanctum, a recycling trash can made of blue plastic has been turned into a bubbling fountain in which liquor bottles bob.
Small shrines to artist-friends and colleagues and found fragments of plaster reliefs festooned with broken glass and describing the Stations of the Cross complete the ensemble. Newton commemorates shattering loss.
His dumpster environment -- surprisingly refined and even elegant, given the throwaway materials -- recalls a related installation he made 30 years ago at Exile Gallery, a short-lived, artist-run co-op in a ruined storefront on the edge of downtown Los Angeles' skid row. Castoffs come in many forms, whether material or spiritual. “La Gruta Azul” retrieves them in a quiet, poignant embrace.
Jancar Gallery, 961 Chung King Road, Chinatown, (213) 625-2522, through Oct. 19. Closed Sunday through Tuesday. www.jancargallery.com
Ruth G. Hull, 89, 344 Michigan Ave., Indialantic, died Saturday. Born in Illinois, she moved to Indialantic from Waukegan, Ill., in 1950. She was a homemaker and a Methodist. Survivor: husband, Leonard F. Brownlie & Maxwell Funeral Home, Melbourne.
There, can't be any fairer than that. Just as we used to have ''the war to end all wars,'' once again this year we have ''the game to end all games.'' At least, it will seem that way for the losing team and its followers after Florida State and Florida play for No. 1 Saturday.
But we don't know who is going to lose, do we? (Well, actually, I do know, but why be a spoilsport now?) This is the time when Gators and 'Noles happily question the parentage and IQ of the other side, each group knowing that the Big Coach is on their side. (No, not Bowden or Spurrier. Neither one is that big . . . not yet, anyway.)
The place is located at 1406 N. Mills Avenue at the Virginia Street intersection. There's only one door, so you have to walk into the ''Gator Fever'' room but FSU fans can quickly step into the ''Seminole Fever'' room.
Once inside, everyone can yell and point at each other, while buying more FSU and UF stuff than I would have believed possible.
''It's been wild,'' said Charlotte Begley, manager for both sides, who comes from Kentucky and is impartial. ''They bicker at each other but they usually wish each other luck in the end.''
I met Edward Ausley of Orlando there. A Gator to the core, he seemed close to making the sign of the cross everytime he even glanced at the offensive Seminole room.
''I don't know why that (room) has to be there,'' he said. ''Used to be just the Gators, which was natural.''
Ausley was buying a bunch of floor mats. Step on one and it yells ''Go, Gators!'' How can any home be without one?
Unwilling to name a score, Ausley said: ''I hope it's decisive, so I don't have to listen to them Seminole fans for another year.''
Meanwhile, in the name of equal time, I stepped into the other room and discovered Pam Hill of Orlando selecting a 'Noles jacket for herself. It definitely was not for her husband, Russell.
Pam said Russell can watch the game at home although she hates to see him suffer like that. (Nah, she didn't really say that, but why not stir things up a little bit?)
What she did say was: ''Florida probably has the edge because we're young and our quarterback isn't very consistent - but all that means is we'll win close instead of winning big.''
Cherie Smith, marketing manager for both sides, looked like she would love to say something about the Gators. She's a 'Nole fan but has to serve both sides.
Both Begley and Smith are working full time this week. So many things any true Gator or 'Nole must have. On the one side, I was impressed with the set of Gators checkers, while on the other side, FSU-Opoly sounded like a fun game.
POSTSCRIPT: The store is open from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. today, 10 to 4 on Saturday and, in case you want to switch sides, I guess, 11 to 4 on Sunday.
HAIL, HAIL, THE GANG'S ALL THERE: The UF-FSU game is being televised by ABC, which asked for more than 130 working credentials. ABC's Maxine Lewis explained: ''We're talking our studio show on the road for the first time this season. We're taking everybody in the house.'' . . . I'd want to get everybody out of New York City at this time of the year, too.
CORSO THE TURNCOAT: The gang from ESPN is invading Tallahassee, too, including 1957 FSU grad Lee Corso. This is the ninth trip of the season for Corso - and he's 8-0 in his picks, including four upsets. A member of the FSU Hall of Fame, Corso picks Florida, 35-31. . . . I wonder if anyone has ever been impeached from the FSU Hall of Fame?
SO WHO'S REALLY GOING TO WIN? Sorry, 'Noles fans. I went to Miami, so my heart is pure. You know I love you, but this one belongs to the Gators, 41-14.
WHAT'S TIGER DOING HERE? Talk about crass - ABC-TV chose to hype its golf Skins Game during halftime of Monday Night Football by interviewing Tiger Woods. And Al Michaels proved he is a shameless lackey by trying to squeeze every drop of hype out of it.
Three cheers for Woods when Michaels coyly asked how it would feel to be putting for a quarter of a million dollars, and Woods said: ''Well, I won't be that nervous because it won't be my money.'' I thought the caps would fall out of Michaels' mouth.
Oh, did I mention that during this interview, Don Shula was being honored for a lifetime of coaching excellence? That meant nothing to ABC.
More than a dozen medical practices of all types -- treating everyone and everything from people to pets -- have set up shop in Baldwin Park in east Orlando, many within the past year.
The businesses, in the southern portion of the giant mixed-use development, blend in well because they look like old homes. They are built to commercial code but with the outward appearance of a cottage or home, a nod to the popularity of older-home commercial conversions elsewhere near downtown Orlando, said John Classe, managing director of Baldwin Park Development Co.
The medical practices are mainly in what the development calls its neighborhood-office district, an area of 32 individually owned office buildings ranging from 3,000 to 17,000 square feet. Others are in the "live-work" district, where buildings look like two-story homes and include living space with small offices on the ground floor. Tiny signs out front are the only clues to the commercial operations within.
"This just sort of evolved that way, organically. We didn't force it," Classe said of the growth of the medical offices. Specialties in the community include gynecology, orthodontics, pediatrics, dermatology, family dental, chiropractic, counseling and psychotherapy.
Classe said the fact that at least 4,000 to 5,000 residents in the community live within walking distance of the offices makes it especially convenient. At build out, Baldwin Park is projected to have 10,000 to 15,000 residents, so the community is one-third to one-half full.
Baldwin Park's growth has been slowed by the nationwide slump in home sales, Classe said, but foot traffic of potential homebuyers has been stronger in recent weeks with the approach of the spring buying season. The community recorded 282 new- and existing-home sales last year, down from 448 sales in 2006 and roughly half the peak of 524 in 2005.
Closing documents and Realtor sales reports show that home values have held fairly steady, though, averaging $521,235 per dwelling sold in 2007, down 2 percent for the year. Excluding resales, new homes sold for an average of $531,202 last year, up 1 percent, and 17 homes in the community sold for more than $1 million apiece.
With the nation's renewed emphasis on energy efficiency and with gas prices at all-time highs, the community's "new urbanism" compactness will be even more marketable in the coming years, said Classe, who often walks to his "downtown" office on New Broad Street from his nearby home in Baldwin Park.
Orlando-based general contractor R.C. Stevens Construction Co. has completed work on the historic Garden Theater, which recently reopened in downtown Winter Garden. The three-year, $3 million project consisted of a 4,800-square-foot renovation of the existing theater and a 4,800-square-foot, three-story addition to support theater activities. The interior's original Spanish-courtyard style has been revitalized for the 299-seat auditorium. The Winter Garden Heritage Foundation headed the project; the complex will be used for professional theater, dance, music, movies and community events.
Option Capital Management LLC, a commercial finance company in Orlando, secured $1.5 million for Compton Development Group LLC to acquire the Ellis Building at 33 E. Pine St. in downtown Orlando. Richard Compton, owner and operator of Compton Development Group, hired Option Capital to secure financing for the three-story 6,300-square-foot structure. Option Capital is an Orlando-based brokerage that finds funds for all types of commercial real estate, ranging in price from $500,000 to $100 million.
Lucia, Kassik & Monday Inc. has completed the documents and application for an Orange County building permit for renovations to Stock Building Supply on All American Boulevard in Lockhart. The 94,000-square-foot facility was previously occupied by Smyth Lumber Co. The newly remodeled design will include a new grand entryway, reception center, design center, billiard room, home theater, kitchen, and product sale center. The interior and exterior design incorporates both residential and commercial architectural features. Construction is expected to being in early spring and be completed in early winter.
In a match-up of two of the best players in the St. Louis area, and the country, it was UF signee Bradley Beal who came out ahead. The 6-foot-5 shooting guard had 40 points, six rebounds, six assists and four steals to lead Chaminade College Prep to a 76-58 nationally televised win Saturday over McCluer North and Arkansas commit B.J. Young.
Beal’s performance drew effusive praise from St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnist Bryan Burwell, who wrote:
“Old-school spirit” — yeah, that’s what it is that you see with this kid. I don’t know what the future holds for young Mr. Beal, but his present is positively delightful. Watching him play basketball against other high school kids with less sparkling hoop résumés like this is almost unfair. He is that good. He is that smooth. He is that completely aware of how to play the game the right way, even with the dazzling athletic flourishes he put on display on national television.
Burwell wasn’t the only one impressed with the McDonald’s All-American. McCluer North coach Randy Reed told Burwell:
“His basketball IQ is so much higher than these high school players,” said Reed. “His IQ is like a junior in college. He’s so smooth I don’t think he even sweats on the court. I don’t think we’ll see another kid like him around here for a while.”
The Supreme Court made an interesting recent decision to grant a disclosure order known as “Norwich Pharmacal relief” despite the presence of competing data protection rights. The Supreme Court affirmed the decision of the Court of Appeal but revisited the principles of proportionality that need to be considered by Courts while adjudicating issues requiring the grant of third party disclosures under the famous Norwich Pharmacal Order.
Lord Kerr categorically stated that the purpose of Norwich Pharmacal Order is to do justice, and, if the requirement of proportionality is met and the competing interests of both Parties are weighed properly, Courts will not refrain from granting third party disclosure orders.
The Rugby Football Union (“RFU”), responsible for issuing tickets for rugby matches discovered that Consolidated Information Services Limited (“CISL”) (formerly “Viagogo Limited”), operated a website providing a platform for sellers to sell anonymously tickets for rugby matches, in breach of the terms and conditions of the RFU. CISL received a percentage of the price paid for the tickets, often sold at hugely inflated prices.
The RFU issued proceedings seeking disclosure of the identity of individual sellers under a Norwich Pharmacal Order. This was resisted by CISL who argued that such disclosure was against article 8 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union as well as other data protection laws in the UK.
The reasoning of the Supreme Court relied upon the principles established in the 1974 decision of Norwich Pharmacal Co v Customs and Excise Commissioners. Under those principles, an innocent party who facilitates the wrongdoing of another may be compelled to assist the wronged person by disclosing full information about the wrongdoers.
The Court noted that before granting a Norwich Pharmacal Order it was important to undertake the ‘test of proportionality’ and weigh the competing interests of the parties, i.e. the benefits to be derived from the disclosure of the information as against the infringement of data protection rights.
The Supreme Court, after weighing the relevant factors held in the favour of RFU, rejecting the submission of CISL that granting of Norwich Pharmacal Order would result into an ‘unfair’’ and ‘oppressive’ treatment of those affected by it.
According to Lord Kerr, the persons affected under the Norwich Pharmacal Order would be those who had engaged in the sale of tickets in breach of the terms on which RFU had supplied to them. The Court concluded that the grant of Norwich Pharmacal Order would not only reveal the identity of the wrongdoers in the present case but would also create a deterrence of detection for those who contemplating similar activity in the future.
If you would like further information regarding the implications of this case, Rollingsons has experienced lawyers who can advise you. Please contact James Crichton via e-mail jcrichton@rollingsons.co.uk or by telephone on 0207 611 4848.
Rollingsons Solicitors Ltd are a Central London law firm that focuses on building lasting relationships with clients by providing practical and effective legal solutions to problems faced by businesses, individuals and families.
MISHAWAKA PTA Council rummage sale is Saturday School City of Mishawaka's PTA Council will have its annual PTA rummage sale from 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. Saturday at Mishawaka High School. Sale items can be donated from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m. Friday. Truckloads of cafeteria tables, bookshelves, desks, chairs and other school surplus items will be sold to raise money for the Mishawaka Education Foundation, which provides grants for classroom projects. SOUTH BEND Photos sought for film on natatorium The Civil Rights Heritage Center at Indiana University South Bend is asking the public for donations of photographs of people swimming at the Engman natatorium from the 1920s to the 1960s. The center needs the photographs for a short film (DVD) about the natatorium on West Washington Street in South Bend, where there are plans to create a Center for Civil Rights History and education in the fall of 2009. Anyone who is willing to let the center copy their photos for the film will receive credit and will receive the originals back. The natatorium was segregated from 1922 to 1950 and the local civil rights movement integrated this facility. The natatorium is a compelling, public symbol of the local struggle for civil rights and will be a permanent home for the IU South Bend Civil Rights Heritage Center. A collaborative project with the South Bend Heritage Foundation, the city of South Bend, and IUSB, the renovated natatorium will also further develop and enhance the West Washington Street "Museum Row." Photos may be sent to the care of Dina Harris, 249A Administration Building, IU South Bend, P.O. Box 7111, South Bend, IN 46634. Or call Harris at (574) 520-4131 or e-mail her at Diharris@iusb.edu. Southeast reunion slated for Saturday The annual Southeast Community Reunion will take place from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. Saturday at Dean John Park off Wenger Street, behind Ivy Tech Community College. For more information, call Gary Stokes at (574) 386-2921. Community fair set at Peace Lutheran Peace Lutheran Church will be having a community fair from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday at 16791 Cleveland Road, Granger, which is one block west of University Park Mall. The event is free and will include food, Noah's Ark bounce house, a dunk tank and games.
A home is more than just bricks and mortar, wood and nails. It's a private refuge where we find peace and comfort, spend time together with those closest to us and dream our dreams. Keeping up family traditions in old farmhouse - schurz-southbendtribune
A home is more than just bricks and mortar, wood and nails. It's a private refuge where we find peace and comfort, spend time together with those closest to us and dream our dreams. Keeping up family traditions in old farmhouse
FINDING A HOUSE TO LOVE My mom grew up here; my grandpa, Dale Hahn, bought the farm in 1955. Mom said it was over 100 years old then. My grandma passed away and later my grandpa moved to a house in Blair Hills. After he died I bought the house and three acres in 1997. I was always here as a kid and I wanted to keep it in the family. We weren't married yet; I had been dating for about a year, but I knew I wanted this house. I lived here then for three years by myself and we got married in 2000. "We have made a lot of changes, especially after we got married. We have reroofed and resided. We completely redid two bathrooms. There was one bathroom off the kitchen that Grandpa came into from farming and cleaned up, but it was not heated. I kept the old barn; I wanted to keep it up because Grandpa kept it up. It's nice being out here and now we've got more family living out here, like our own little family subdivision. My uncle lives next to me and my cousins are moving next door to them. I like being out here. -- Ryan Stamm I grew up in North Liberty so I was around farms. I told him I'd live there if we could update it. The inside really needed updating. We took off all the old wallpaper and painted and added wainscoting and crown molding. I like the uniqueness of the house -- the archways and the trim. We have two bedrooms downstairs and the girls (Elli and Lydia) sleep in one room, but we've fixed up the two bedrooms upstairs for them so they'll be moving up there. "I especially like that Ryan's family grew up here and they tell our girls all the old stories of the house. It's interesting to look at old family pictures and see how the house has changed. I really like the peacefulness of living out in the country. Even though we're in the country, it's convenient for getting places. We're real close to the (U.S. 20) bypass. -- Kari Stamm Becky Emmons is always on the lookout for houses that appear to be loved; don't be surprised if she knocks on your front door. She also appreciates suggestions from readers. If you love your house, tell us why. Contact her at the South Bend Tribune, 225 W. Colfax Ave., South Bend, IN 46626; (574) 235-6480; e-mail: bemmons@sbtinfo.com. " " " "
1 a combination of protease inhibitors taken with reverse transcriptase inhibitors; used in treating AIDS and HIV
Learn about DEWITT CLINTON BOUTELLIER (1817-1884) artist,their past and upcoming works offered at auction at Christie's
When you save this search to your interests, Christie's will notify you by email when an upcoming sale includes items that match this interest.
You can save as many interests as you like, and you can edit, delete, or change your notification settings at any time.
This is one of the most frequently asked questions from clients interested in using concrete flooring in their home, commercial space or restaurant. The, concrete floors specialists at Artistic Concrete in Miami & Broward counties will tell you everything you need to know. Concrete Has A High Thermal Mass Some materials absorb more heat from [...]
In order to keep your customers, reach new target markets and stay relevant in a competitive consumer economy, remodeling your retail space with concrete flooring is a necessity and not a choice. Read our tips on renovating the right way and bringing your customers the best experience possible: Scope: First, determine the scope of your [...]
We are pleased to announce the 2019 Residency Open Call for Artists Alliance Inc’s LES Studio Program. This application is for the following 2019 residency sessions: March 15 – June 14 (3 months), June 15 –September 14 (3 months), and March 1 September 14, 2019 (6 months).
Based in Lower Manhattan and supported by public funds, the LES Studio Program provides free three and six-month residencies to under-represented, emerging and mid-career artists. Artists working across all disciplines are encouraged to apply for fully-funded shared studio space in the historic Clemente Soto Vélez Cultural and Educational Center in the heart of the Lower East Side.
The residency offers 24-hour access to a furnished studio, the opportunity to present work to curators and critics through AAI-organized studio visits, a curated exhibition at Cuchifritos Gallery + Project Space (located inside the Essex Street Market), exposure to a broad general audience during bi-annual Open Studios, and monthly stipends (awarded to New York State residents only). Residencies are meant to facilitate experimentation, research, or production by providing much-needed space and time to residents. Applications are due by 11:59 pm EST on Sunday, November 25, 2018.
Poland based illustrator and graphic designer Krzysztof Domaradzki’s personal work shows the mastery of his skill. Loose lines, almost erratic in nature, blend with purpose to form amazing illustrations and graphic pieces. Here are some examples:
Here’s a look at the new Juxtapoz magazine cover for September 2011, which features an illustration by Neck Face. We love it!
Luke Ramsey is one of many artist’s whose work appears in a new therapeutic activity book Ink About It from Art With Heart. The book is intended to help struggling teens and tweens adapt and adjust to life’s ups and downs, to lead kids toward social and emotional wellness. Ilustration spread by Luke Ramsey: The activities [...]
Artist DFROST hails from Houston, Texas, 3rd ward (the Trey), and now lives in San Antonio. We had the opportunity to interview him and find out more about him and what influences his artwork. He gains his inspiration from people he knows and tells us he never illustrates the same thing twice. Feel the Pain [...]
Skimming over doodles, drawings, collages, thoughts and illustrations in Moleskins are a fantastic source of inspiration. It’s an artist’s sidekick, idea book, and visual journal. Last year our Daily Design Inspiration #21 was for Moleskine Art and we figured it’s long overdue for a Design Inspiration Moleskine Art Part Deux. For our 35th edition, here [...]
Illustrator Raul Urias who hails from Mexico has a signature colorful drippy style which adds movement and energy to any design he creates. Here are some samples of his work:
New graphic print from Mysterious Al titled “Kong” is now available. Each print is signed, numbered and blind-stamped with Stolen Space and Mysterious Al official seals.
PDF-a15bb | Excerpt from The Arts, Vol. 2: Reviewing October, 1921These writers have come to our aid to help to wake America up, to make us all appreciate that the man who has no pleasure in the arts is a stunted, half-developed man, and that the American of the future, if America is to take its place as a leader amo’ng civilized nations, must be broad, capable of appreciating all the joys which life has in s… The Arts, Vol. 2: Reviewing October, 1921 (Classic Reprint)
Download eBook The Arts, Vol. 2: Reviewing October, 1921 (Classic Reprint) by Hamilton Easter Field across multiple file-formats including EPUB, DOC, and PDF.
[Pub.26ten] The Arts, Vol. 2: Reviewing October, 1921 (Classic Reprint) PDF | by Hamilton Easter Field
This The Arts, Vol. 2: Reviewing October, 1921 (Classic Reprint) book is not really ordinary book, you have it then the world is in your hands. The benefit you get by reading this book is actually information inside this reserve incredible fresh, you will get information which is getting deeper an individual read a lot of information you will get. This kind of The Arts, Vol. 2: Reviewing October, 1921 (Classic Reprint) without we recognize teach the one who looking at it become critical in imagining and analyzing. Don’t be worry The Arts, Vol. 2: Reviewing October, 1921 (Classic Reprint) can bring any time you are and not make your tote space or bookshelves’ grow to be full because you can have it inside your lovely laptop even cell phone. This The Arts, Vol. 2: Reviewing October, 1921 (Classic Reprint) having great arrangement in word and layout, so you will not really feel uninterested in reading.
Classification:a36 steel sheet steel plate steel sheet is widely used in the fabrication of boilers and pressure vessel,such as petroleum,chemical,gas industry and power plants.
A36 Steel Plate Midwest Steel & Aluminum A36 Steel Plate Midwest Steel utilizes a Friggi band saw to cut all of its steel plate. By processing with a band saw vs a plasma or laser the edg.
A36 steel plate,A36 steel supplier . - steel-plate-sheet A36 Carbon and low alloy steels are under ASTM standard,we can supply A36 steel material price and specification,if you need A36 steel materials and manufacturer ,please contact us.
Copies of all released submissions on the Climate Change (Emissions Trading and Renewable Preference) Bill are available at the Parliamentary web site
11 Nov 13 - The NZU market finished the week on a subdued note, as selling interest dries up for now. OMFinancial reports:
24 Aug 12 - The Government expects to have its changes to the Emissions Trading Scheme through the select committee and back into Parliament by October 17.
16 Nov 09 - The shambolic process around the Government’s proposed Emissions Trading Scheme has been exposed by a $50 billion blunder by National, Labour Leader Phil Goff said today.
16 Nov 09 - Revelations that Climate Change Minister Nick Smith's proposed changes to the Emissions Trading Scheme are going to cost taxpayers an extra $105 billion is something really worth swearing about, Dr Russel Norman, Green Party Co-Leader, said today.
16 Nov 09 - As predicted by Federated Farmers two weeks ago, Australia’s Federal Government yesterday opted to permanently exclude farmers from its emissions trading scheme.
2 Oct 09 - Parliament is calling for submissions on changes to the emissions trading scheme – and for the first time they can be made online.
17 Jul 09 - The emissions trading scheme review committee is keeping quiet about when it will release its findings - but is aligning with the Government behind the scenes.
15 May 09 - The emissions trading scheme review committee could report back to Parliament by the end of next month.
5 May 09 - Federated Farmers continued its call for the emissions trading scheme to be scrapped when it appeared before the emission trading scheme review committee yesterday - but not everyone in the...
5 May 09 - Greenhouse Policy Coalition executive director Catherine Beard, representing the energy-intensive sector on climate change issues, is calling on the select committee reviewing the emissions trading...
1 May 09 - Independent oil company Gull has asked the emissions trading scheme review committee to set the price of carbon for at least the first 18 months after the liquid fuel sector enters the ETS.
1 May 09 - Climate change could reverse all the international development work of the past 50 years, the emissions trading scheme review committee heard yesterday.
9 Apr 09 - A strong cross-party agreement on durable climate change policy is the single most important thing that the emissions trading scheme review committee must deliver, the committee is being told this...
9 Apr 09 - Clamping down on the so-called “bad boys” of human-induced climate change -hydroflourocarbons (HFCs) - in the emissions trading scheme could backfire and actually lead to increased emissions, warns...
7 Apr 09 - The axe could fall on plans for a major new concrete manufacturing plant if the emissions trading scheme review committee does not heed industry warnings.
31 Mar 09 - The ETS review committee will begin hearing submissions on Thursday morning, with the list of those who will be presenting being provided to committee members tonight.
27 Mar 09 - Submitters to the ETS review committee should know later today the timetable for submission hearings.
6 Jun 18 - In Wellington today and got a bit of time? Pop down to Te Papa and hear the latest on sea-level rise.
12 Aug 16 - Businesses looking for tips on how to succeed in today’s age of authenticity can learn from brand leaders at a one-day conference in Auckland this month.
13 Jun 16 - Thirty million people in Bangladesh – seven times the entire population of New Zealand – face displacement from rising sea-levels as a result of climate change.
4 Apr 16 - Sustainability week kicks off at Auckland University today with a discussion on sustainability and innovation in the food system.
26 Feb 16 - Energy productivity and climate change will be the focus of this year’s Energy Management Association conference.
25 Jan 16 - Kiribati President Anote Tong and 350.com founder Bill McKibeen will be among the speakers at a conference in Wellington next month on climate change in the Pacific.
16 Nov 15 - Judges for the 2015 NZI Sustainable Business Network Awards have announced the finalists for the EECA Business Energy Management Award.
9 Nov 15 - University of Waikato academics, a climate scientist and a former Green Party co-leader will take part in a panel discussion as part of The Greatest Climate Show on Earth in Hamilton tomorrow.
12 Oct 15 - Victoria University chemist Dr Justin Hodgkiss, whose research into second-generation photovoltaic panels featured in Carbon News’ The Innovators series last month, gives a public talk next week on...
21 Sep 15 - World Green Building Week this week is a chance to get inside some of our best sustainable buildings.
7 Sep 15 - The finalists for this year’s Sustainable Business Network Awards have just been announced.
31 Aug 15 - FIONA STEPHENSON explains how businesses can build brand loyalty by effectively telling their sustainability stories, and gives a sneak preview of Project NZ: Telling Good Stories.
15 Jun 15 - Anyone working on climate change problems they want to brainstorm should be at this weekend’s Climathon in Wellington.
25 May 15 - Want to see eco-friendly business growth strategy in action? Be at Waikato University next Monday.
15 Dec 14 - Local authorities are out to halve the energy and cost involved in lighting public roads.
Absolutely gorgeous, double thickness, long (put length) scarf, in all 10 glorious Lothlorian colours, to match the possum-merino gloves and beanies.
brown marl, natural, red, charcoal, black, light blue, berry, denim blue, pumpkin and olive right in the middle.
*raspberry is to order only - please order any colour and message us that you'd rather have raspberry
You can also use one of the links below to find a particular name more quickly by selecting the first two letters of the surname.
Home | Subscriptions | Submissions | Obits | Ads | About Us | Staff | Back Issues | Public Notices | Links
We live in the world of millenials. To get feedbacks from the modern customers, the business owners have bid goodbye to the paper and pen surveys. They have embraced online survey tools which enable them to enhance their business model and offer better customer experience. Unfortunately, not all survey plugins work flawlessly. Most ask for some sort of micro-management and supervision from the business owners.
It is quite unfortunate that very few people mull over the time spent over creating and sending surveys. But just so that you know, it is a very important aspect if you want your customers to reply promptly. If you have a Sugar/SuiteCRM, you can make use of an intuitive Sugar/SuiteCRM survey plugin that helps you to automate su...
It is important to know about the utility of your products and if they’re benefitting your customers. Right from the time you launch your product until it is available in the market. And to get such information, you need to conduct surveys. But in today’s fast-paced world, you can’t possibly conduct paper and pen surveys. Online Surveys are the way to go.
If you search for Survey Tools on the internet, you will come across many tools that have made the survey conducting process easy. Survey Monkey, Survey Legend and Survey Rocket are the names that are quite popular. But can they all be integrated with your Sugar/Suite CRM without using plugins? Well, some have that facility and some don’t. But today, we’ll discuss about too...
When you own and run a business, you would want that every penny you spend on it yields you positive results. One of the best ways to find out about the areas of growth in your business is – conducting surveys. After all, the data received from survey helps you to predict future outcomes of your business. But while creating Surveys, you need to maintain accuracy, ensure completeness and create defined paths for respondents.
In this article, we will acquaint you with Skip Logic, one of the most important aspects of a well developed survey; and make you understand its significance.
Skip logic, also known as “branch logic” is a feature that decides which question the survey respondent will see based on the an...
For any business to run smoothly, it is important to conduct research and garner information from potential customers, regulars and consumers. Some of this information is collected before introducing products in the market and some after the products are launched. In any of these scenarios, customer feedback stands of major significance.
Surveys are one of the well-accepted methods when it comes to gathering customer feedback. But creating surveys can come with a lot of complications as one has to collect details individually and feed the data in different fields incessantly until the survey results are achieved. And thereafter, even if you get the feedbacks, it is difficult to use the data as it isn’t automatically available in your CRM. To help you get over such hassles, we created Survey Rocket which is the perfect survey solution for Sugar CRM. And the best part about it is, when it is integrated to your CRM, you do not need a third party integration solution to work with your Sugar system.
Data piping involves moving the existing information from the CRM to survey. It ensures that one makes the most out of a survey built dedicatedly for SugarCRM. Using Survey rocket, one can pre-fill different survey fields from the existing CRM data. This process is best known as Forward Data Piping. It saves all the time and efforts of the sales executives spent behind filling each module.
Now, there are also times when the survey is given to the respondents and they edit or make changes to the pre-filled information. Survey Rocket directly updates and records this information in the CRM database. This is known as backward data piping.
It is not possible for all survey forms to be generic and have a ‘one size fits all design’. Survey Rocket can help you to pipe CRM data into specific survey modules or questions. This creates a better personalization experience.
Every industry needs to make sure that they engage in a quality customer satisfaction process. And when it comes to customer centric businesses, there often arises a need to collect information through surveys. Data piping can be very helpful while creating surveys for the industries given below:
Banks: Banking surveys should be very easy to create, brand and take care of all the research needs. Using the CRM, banking professionals can also create KYC (know your customers) kind of forms for updating customer data easily. The data gets automatically filled to the respective survey fields by fetching data from the CRM. As these surveys are run regularly and changes have to be tracked each time, data piping feature comes of great help. Be it particular questions related to banking operations or generic ones, all the information can be fetched/updated in your CRM through Survey Rocket.
Hospitals: Traditional marketing methods are not working for hospitals anymore. After the term ‘patient-centered healthcare’ has been introduced, there is a dire need to integrate additional customer information so that the demands of patients can be taken care of. Data piping will help you to have more of evaluated information by offering convenience and save a lot of time.
Insurance companies: Insurance agents need to adjust to customer needs from time to time. Survey Rocket’s data piping feature helps insurers to gain data in a more comprehensive way and helps them to retain loyal customers by providing substantial results. By fetching customer data from the gained survey results, insurers can make significant enhancements in service and sales, and take care of client expectations as well as priorities.
How often you use the data piping feature of Survey Rocket totally depends on the kind of industry you belong to and the type and requirements you have.
In order to enable the data piping feature while creating the survey, the CRM admin has to choose particular modules from Leads, Contacts, Accounts and Targets. If there are changes made to the data piping module while creating the survey, all map fields will be reset.
Customers can see all the information in the survey which is pre-filled and is mapped by CRM admin from the records.
Thereafter, they can resend survey to a particular customer and request him/her to fill the survey again if the need be.
Survey Rocket is a robust solution which empowers your CRM and provides valuable data through the surveys you conduct. By using it, you will be able to know the preferences of your customers and obtain feedback to build successful business strategies. Data piping is just one of its features. Check out all the features of Survey Rocket and let your CRM data help you in your feedback mechanism.
Healthcare industry has witnessed a tremendous growth over the past decade. And the growth hasn’t been confined to the invention of state of the art equipment to treat patients. Patient engagement is also considered to be a crucial aspect of health care industry today. This is why Patient Portals are being adopted by several hospital authorities. So what are patient portals and how do hospitals succeed with their business by using patient portals? What are the benefits of employing them? Let us take a look at some of these aspects.
By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: HER, GALILEO 41 A, MEXICO CITY, https://www.google.com/. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact
all these links lead to direct driver files that you get after you click on 'download driver' button. what do you think, is it a good idea?
The quality of colour prints from a laser has also seen big improvements, to the point where they’re beginning to encroach on the traditional turf of inkjets. While a professional inkjet printer is capable of outputting better quality photographs, especially on high-quality paper, Kyocera’s offering does a decent job on run of the mill A4, with bright and vivid colours. Coupled with the long-life components, solid build quality and small desktop footprint, the FSCN is definitely good value. The MB of RAM can be upgraded to MB, which is very useful for those super-sized files, not forgetting situations when the printer will be heavily used. We fiddled with the settings to achieve the best colour balance on a variety of images.
The MB of RAM can be upgraded to MB, which is very useful for c50115n super-sized files, not forgetting situations when the printer will be heavily used. While a professional inkjet printer fs c5015n capable of outputting better quality photographs, especially on high-quality paper, Kyocera’s offering does fs c5015n decent job on run of the mill A4, with bright and vivid colours.
Fs c5015n dpi 16 seconds start-up time optional DU duplex unit. This printer doesn’t offer special features – apart from the price. The FS-CN is at the lower end of Kyocera’s colour laser offerings, but still boasts impressive specifications.
The specs jargon lists 16ppm as the printer’s optimal output fs c5015n, although we found it closer to 12ppm for monochrome pages and 11ppm for our colour test image. Laser printers aren’t what they used to be.
The most important benchmark for a colour fs c5015n is how well it applies ink to the paper, and the FS-CN is a strong performer. Multiple interface connectors can be used simultaneously, handling print jobs from both a connected local PC and over a network. Coupled with the long-life components, solid build quality and small desktop footprint, the FSCN is definitely good value.
Our Verdict Good price and performance make this c0515n considering. Fs c5015n get 4, prints from each toner, while the printer itself is both durable and affordable. fs c5015n
Against 16ppm 12ppm tested. The price tags have seen unprecedented fs c5015n in recent times, plus they’re far more rs than the dinosaurs of yesteryear. The distinguishing aspect of the FS-CN is that the projected cost per page is lower than many other printers we’ve seen.
Requiring servicing less frequently is an additional saving, ds the drums guaranteed for up to three years. We fiddled with the settings to achieve the best colour balance on a variety of images. However, this discrepancy can be explained by our factoring of the approximate 16 seconds to fs c5015n our gargantuan test image to the printer. The quality of colour prints from a laser has also fs c5015n big fs c5015n, to the point where they’re beginning to encroach on the traditional turf of inkjets.
another of our best selling Ford replicas, factory built by Glassic/Replicars Inc., of West Palm Beach, Florida and built in the late 70's, it still runs like the day it was built, and was just driven from New York to New Jersey & back-twice in 1 week. body has been painted, instead of gel coat finish & the front hood was modified, to look more original, & made into a 2 piece hood, with prop rods, and has custom light up indian head turn signals, Model A Ford rear turn signals, antique rear trunk, Ford steps on the running boards, Ford front emblem,& Ford pheasant hood ornament, dual side cowl lamps, tons of interior room & headroom also, has a rare tilt steering column, air conditioning & heater, power brakes and steering,am/fm stereo with cassette, dual side mounted spare tires, baby moon hub caps, full black convertible top, with all side curtains, & top folds back easily, 2 piece bumpers, dual exhaust, and powered by a very peppy 5.0 V8 Ford 302 engine with a C-4 automatic transmission, so its very easy to maintain & parts are reasonable also. this is basically a reasonable factory built street rod that can be driver as a great daily driver, to local car shows, or highway driving- with no rocket scientist needed to work on the car. a fantastic car, with a rare 1931 Ford title, that makes it exempt from emission hassles, etc., in most states & overseas also. we rarely ever get these cars with a 1931 title !!! was built sometime in the late 1970's. return to Bob's Classics, Inc. or What's In Stock. Give us a call at 727-581-9406
1937 Jaguar SS100 replica-not like any others !! has a peppy 2.8 liter Ford V6 with a C4 automatic, power steering,& very rare air conditioning & heater,dual exhaust, dual side spares,& rear spare, built in 94 & titled as a 1994 ASPT {assembled from Parts},electric fan & fuel pump,black top & side curtains, top boot,detailed engine area,& painted under the car.real burlwood dash & wood steering wheel. beautiful red finish
1937 Jaguar SS100 replica-not like any others !! has a peppy 2.8 liter Ford V6 with a C4 automatic, power steering, & very rare air conditioning & heater, dual exhaust, dual side spares, & rear spare, built in 94 & titled as a 1994 ASPT {assembled from Parts}, electric fan & fuel pump, black top & side curtains, top boot, detailed engine area, & painted under the car.real burlwood dash & wood steering wheel. beautiful red finish
Here is another of our best selling 1937 Jaguar SS100 replicas, but this one is not like your average SS100-far from it actually. built in 1994 & titled as a 1994 ASPT, from Antique & Collectibles in NY, & powered by a peppy 2.8 liter V6 Ford engine with a C4 automatic tranny, rare power steering & very very rare air conditioning & heater, dual exhaust, dual side mounted spares & a rear mounted spare, with small trunk behind spare, front disc brakes, coil over shocks with rack & pinion steering, chrome air cleaner & very clean detailed engine area, all Ford running gear, for easy maintenance, real Burl wood dash & wood steering wheel, 6 black faced classic styled VDO gauges, am/fm stereo, storage space behind seats,black top, side curtains & top boot, electric fan & fuel pump, & nice & clean painted undercarriage, center spot light, 7 wire baskets, & whitewall tires, black interior & beautiful red finish, wind deflectors, & folding windshield, 10 " headlights with stone guards, center spot light. Return to Bob's Classics, Inc. or What's In Stock. Give us a call at 727-581-9406
Haddox Reid Eubank Betts PLLC recently made five promotions: Jonathan Adcock, CPA, has been promoted to Senior Manager. He received a Masters of Business Administration and a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from Mississippi College. Working in the tax division, his experience includes income tax planning and compliance for both business and individuals. Adcock is also heavily involved in the ...
2017 list of the top 100 private companies in Mississippi based on MBJ research. Information was provided by company representatives and other reliable sources and is ranked by total sales revenue.
The voluntary sampling technique can be a sort of non-chance sampling. A voluntary sample is built up of people that self-select in to the survey. Typically, these topics have a powerful interest in the leading subject in the survey. Volunteers could be invited via advertisements on Social websites Sites[nine]. This technique is appropriate for a exploration that may be completed by means of filling a questionnaire. The focus on populace for ads may be chosen by properties like demography, age, gender, profits, occupation, education amount or interests employing promotion equipment provided by the social media websites.
"[I]n interpreting a statute a court ought to often change to at least one cardinal canon just before all Other individuals. ... [C]ourts should presume that a legislature states in a statute what this means and suggests within a statute what it states there.
an explanation of how the end result on the case could possibly be distinct on somewhat diverse facts, in an try to Restrict the holding of the majority
A case resolved by a multi-choose panel could end in a break up final decision. Though only The bulk feeling is considered precedential, an outvoted judge can even now publish a dissenting impression. Popular styles for dissenting views include things like:
Usually, the stress rests with litigants to appeal rulings (like All those in very clear violation of set up case legislation) to the upper courts. If a decide acts towards precedent as well as the case just isn't appealed, the decision will stand.
After a case is at last resolved, any challenges decided within the previous case could possibly be binding from the get together that misplaced The difficulty in later on cases, even in cases involving other events. For instance, if a primary case decides that a celebration was negligent, then other plaintiffs may well depend on that earlier perseverance in later on cases, and wish not re-establish The difficulty of carelessness.
Ethnography exemplifies a variety of case study, frequently located in interaction case studies. Ethnography is The outline, interpretation, and analysis of the culture or social team, through industry investigate from the organic natural environment on the group getting researched.
Whilst all conclusions are precedent (even though at varying levels of authority as mentioned throughout this article), some develop into "foremost cases" or "landmark decisions" which might be cited Specially typically.
There is absolutely no method to discover all rats while in the set of all rats. Where by voting is not really Obligatory, there isn't any solution to detect which people will basically vote at a forthcoming election (upfront with the election). These imprecise populations are not amenable to sampling in any from the approaches beneath and to which we could implement statistical concept.
Galileo Galilei constructed his rejection of Aristotle's legislation of gravity on the case study selected by data-oriented sampling rather than by random sampling. The rejection consisted mostly of the conceptual experiment and in a while a sensible one particular. These experiments, with the benefit of hindsight, look self-apparent. Nonetheless, Aristotle's incorrect watch of gravity had dominated scientific inquiry this hyperlink for practically two thousand several years just before it was falsified. In his experimental contemplating, Galileo reasoned as follows: if two objects with the very same fat are unveiled with the very same height concurrently, they may hit the bottom at the same time, possessing fallen at precisely the same speed.
In amazing conditions a greater court docket may possibly overturn or overrule required precedent, but will typically attempt to tell apart the precedent just before overturning it, therefore restricting the scope with the precedent.
Case regulation, in widespread regulation jurisdictions, may be the established of choices of adjudicatory tribunals or other rulings that may be cited as precedent.
In other cases, our 'populace' could possibly be even considerably less tangible. For instance, Joseph Jagger analyzed the behaviour of roulette wheels in a casino in Monte Carlo, and made use of this to establish a biased wheel. On this case, the 'inhabitants' Jagger needed to research was the overall behaviour in the wheel (i.
Judges try to reduce these conflicts, but they occur occasionally, and below principles of 'stare decisis', may persist for a while.
Rapid City ~ The South Dakota Stockgrowers Association hosted their annual convention Sept. 6 and 7, in Rapid City. Speakers on a wide range of topics important to ranchers made this the top cattle industry conference in the region again this year. Meeting-goers had the chance to hear Elizabeth Drake, R-CALF USA Outside Counsel, Stewart & Stewart Law; Jeff Vonk, Secretary of S.D. Game, Fish & Parks; Kimmi Lewis, R-CALF USA Private Property Rights Committee Chair; David Frengel, Coalition for a Prosperous America; Julie McIvor, a property rights speaker from the Davis Mountains Trans-Pecos Heritage Association; Donley Darnell, a speaker on oil and gas split-estate issues facing ranchers; Verne Sheppard, a long-time broadcaster and lay minister; Judith McGeary, Farm & Ranch Freedom Alliance; Bill Bullard, CEO of R-CALF USA; Michael Stumo, Organization for Competitive Markets, and G.B. Oliver, Paragon Foundation. South Dakota Legislators Jim Lintz (District 30) and Ken McNenny (District 29) addressed attendees during the legislative panel session of the Education, Taxation and Legislation Committee meeting. The convention was another tremendous success. Stockgrower Larry Nelson, Buffalo, commented, “All the committee meetings were the fullest I've seen them. We had really good speakers on topics our members are interested in.” Attendees filled the room to hear Judith McGeary, a Texas attorney who gave up her private practice in order to work for independent producers in opposition to USDA's National Animal Identification System (NAIS). “What NAIS will do is violate our rights and impose heavy burdens in both time and money on farmers and ranchers, the people on the frontlines of the fight against animal disease,” said McGeary. “Themost important thingI learned from Judith McGeary's presentation was to notregister one's premises because USDA refers to the NAIS as an evolving program.Why would anyone want to register their premises when the USDA can change the rulesanytimetheydesire to fit their agenda?” commented Kenny Fox, Belvidere, past chair for the Stockgrowers Animal ID Committee. Stockgrowers Past-President Rick Fox, Hermosa, said the convention was an eye-opener for some people who heard speakers like Dave Frengel. “It makes you realize that each of us can make a difference by organizing and networking to form a larger united group Ð changes have and will continue to happen.” said Fox. “For too long, many multinational corporations have influenced Congress not to enforce the rules of free trade because these multinationals are partnered with nations like China to use illegal trade practices to plunder American producers. The result is trade anarchy, not free trade,” commented Frengel, whose organization, the Coalition for a Prosperous America, seeks to reform trade policy. Nelson said that he appreciated property rights speaker Julie McIvor's presentation on her experiences of running a ranch that is under a conservation easement from the Nature Conservancy. “It is giving control over your land tosomeone else in perpetuity. Perpetuity does mean forever.Forever,” commented McIvor. “We should know Ð we are living with a conservation easement and are under the thumb of The Nature Conservancy.It sure givesthem a lot of power overus and ourfuture generations.” During the final evening of the convention, brand inspectors Melvin Anderson, Spearfish; Tucker Hudson, Howes; Tony Holt, Ralph; and Doug Pederson, Winner were recognized for their service to the brand inspection program and the cattle industry. Chief Brand Inspector Jim Reed, Belle Fourche, presented each of the honorees with a belt buckle inscribed with their respective brands. A live auction held after the recognition ceremony brought in over $2,600. Stockgrowers Interim Executive Director Margaret Nachtigall said that the auction's proceeds would go toward area and quarterly meetings around the state. In addition to the committee meetings and speakers, the membership discussed and approved several key policy
Men's College Hockey-Michigan at Notre Dame, 6:30 p.m. (NBCSP); Colorado College at Minnesota, 7 p.m. (FXSP)
ADELPHI -- When Del Ballard Jr. threw his infamous 10th-frame gutter ball on national television that cost him a Professional Bowlers Association tournament championship at Kings Point Fair Lanes in Randallstown on March 2, he rolled his way into the hearts of pro and amateur bowlers everywhere.
"My heart just dropped," said Sharon Todd, a three-year member of the Ladies Pro Bowlers Tour, which is making a stop at Fair Lanes University this week. "It was heartbreaking. I've bowled doubles with him before, and it hurt me to see it happen. He threw the two shots he needed in the 10th [strikes], and then he didn't even give himself a chance to get the seven pins to win the tournament."
Todd, like most pro bowlers, has experienced the sinking feeling of a gutter or "channel" ball, as they call it on the tour.
But she never has had the embarrassment of rolling one on the national television finals in five appearances.
"I've had two in match play and probably six overall," said Todd, 23, from Bowling Green, Ky. "It doesn't hurt so much if it doesn't cost you a title or a chance to qualify. But it's something you never want to happen. There's a few bowlers out here I wouldn't talk to after they throw one [gutter ball]."
The mere mention of Ballard's misfortune seemed to strike a bit of fear in all the LPBT bowlers here.
"They all saw it and watched in horror," said Cora Fiebig, tournament director for the LPBT who spent four years on the tour. "There's so much pressure out here because you have to make the top 10 to take home any money [10th place is usually worth around $1,000]. One gutter ball can make it a miserable week."
Stacy Rider is the exception, even though she is the LPBT's closest answer to Ballard. Rider has been able to laugh and joke about her infamous gutter ball.
Rider, 23, pulled an even bigger fade than Ballard on national television three years ago in South Bend, Ind.
Easing the pain a little was that Rider rolled her gutter ball in the 10th frame of the first game of the stepladder finals instead of in the championship game.
Rider, of La Habra, Calif., needed two pins on a 10th-frame spare to beat Lori Nichols and advance to the next round.
"It was my first television show, and I was really nervous," said Rider. "The ball just fell off my hand and went in the gutter. I looked like I saw a ghost. I didn't even want to go home and face my friends. Fortunately, I was able to make another TV show before I went home."
Even last year's LPBT Bowler of the Year, Tish Johnson, threw a gutter ball in a tournament championship game on national TV two years ago in Charleston, S.C.
But Johnson's gutter ball came in the first frame, and she went on to beat Lisa Wagner, the 1980's Bowler of the Decade, 227-226.
Johnson, of Panaroma City, Calif., said she has had only one gutter ball on national TV but about 17 overall in 12 years on the tour.
Leila Wagner of Annapolis has avoided channel balls in 20 television finals but remembers about 10 in 12 years in qualifying and match play.
"I don't worry about them," said Wagner. "Because I usually play the extreme outside line, anyway, and if I throw one [gutter ball], that means I'm only missing by a board or two."
A 27-year-old former West George Street resident wanted by Westminster City Police in several peeping Tom incidents and cat burglaries has escaped from the Harrison County, W. Va., jail where he was servingtime for sexual assault.
Richard John "Dickie" Swiger escaped from the Clarksburg jail about three weeks ago, said Sgt. John Walker ofthe Criminal Investigations Division of the Clarksburg Police Department.
Swiger was sentenced to serve 10 years in prison after he pleadedguilty to second-degree sexual assault in an attack on a 17-year-oldwoman last September, Walker said.
Westminster Police have open warrants on Swiger because he is wanted in connection with indecent exposures and trespassing at a home on Bond Street June 28, 1990, said Lt. Dean Brewer.
The Westminster chargeswere set to be placed after Swiger's trial and sentencing in West Virginia were completed.
Swiger fled the area last August after Brewer and state police Trooper Steven Burdelski went to Swiger's home toquestion him about the incidents.
Walkersaid Swiger has served time in a West Virginia prison for indecent exposure, theft and peeping Tom convictions and was on parole when he was in Westminster.
Officials at the Harrison County Correctional Center declined last week to release the details of Swiger's escape.
Agents from the FBI in Frederick also are assisting in the search for Swiger, but would not comment on the case.
But Walker said he believed Swiger escaped while waiting to be transferred to another prison to serve out his sentence.
Little more than a week before the start of Maryland's spring steeplechase season, the sport has lost one of its star performers.
On Thursday, Revelstoke, the horse that had an excellent chance of becoming the first back-to-back Maryland Hunt Cup winner since Cancottage's consecutive 1980-1981 victories, suddenly came down with a severe bout of colic at trainer Jack Fisher's barn in Butler and required an emergency operation. Two feet of the horse's intestine were removed, and the son of Smarten remains in intensive care at the Manor Equine Hospital Center in Monkton. While Fisher thinks the 10-year-old gelding has a good shot at surviving, the horse's racing career is finished for this spring.
"We had come in from galloping and he had been in his stall for about a half-hour when he went down," Fisher said. "We treated him, and when that didn't help, we sent him to the vet clinic. Finally, they operated on him Thursday night. He made it through the first 24 hours, which is the most serious part of the recovery period, so we are hoping for the best."
Last year Revelstoke, with Fisher aboard, recorded the second-fastest time in the 100-year history of the Maryland Hunt Cup when he completed the four-mile course over 22 jumps in 8 minutes, 37 2/5 seconds.
Fisher, whose three horses finished first, third and fourth in the Maryland Hunt Cup last year, is again loaded with jumping prospects. Even without Revelstoke, he has two other Hunt Cup probable starters -- Sea Speed, who finished third last year, and Sortov, a New Zealand-bred jumper, who will be ridden in the race by his owner, Irvin Naylor of York, Pa.
Also among Fisher's 30-jumper arsenal: 1994 Timber Horse of the Year Saluter; 1994 Maryland-bred Jumper of the Year South of Java; and multiple winner Tarsky.
Saluter will try for his second consecutive win in the Virginia Gold Cup, and South of Java is also Gold Cup-bound. Tarsky is being pointed for the Grand National Steeplechase at Butler.
Many of Fisher's horses, including Sea Speed and South of Java, will start prepping for the bigger races in the season opener, the Howard County Cup on Saturday at Glenelg.
While Fisher led all Maryland trainers last year with 31 wins and $443,473 in earnings -- ranking second in the national standings to Jonathan Sheppard -- one of Maryland's least-publicized aspects of its horse industry is the depth of jumping talent located at about a dozen Baltimore and Harford county training outfits.
While flat-horse and harness racing populations are decreasing, it's estimated that the number of steeplechase horses in the state has tripled in recent years, and among them are some of the finest jumping horses in America.
Tom Voss has about 35 jumpers in training at his Atlanta Hall Farm in Monkton, including 1994 Maryland Hunt Cup runner-up Florida Law, who is probably now this year's race favorite.
Charlie Fenwick Jr. has 20 jumpers, including Hunt Cup prospects Buck Jakes and Gus's Boy. Joe Gillet has 11 jumpers at "Little Ho" in Monkton. His Hunt Cup hope is Welterweight, owned by Perry Bolton and Ben Griswold IV.
And then scattered around with still more horses are Hall of Famer Mike Smithwick; Alicia Murphy, who campaigns stakes winner Circuit Bar; Ann Fenwick, who is bringing back 1993 Maryland Hunt Cup winner Ivory Poacher for another try this year; Billy Meister, whose Hunt Cup hope is Hello Hal; Doug Worrall; Billy Santoro; Vivian Rall; newcomer Tommy McGivern, a former Irish national champion jockey; Bruce Fenwick; and Nancy Knox, who is preparing Reputed Dancer for another Hunt Cup effort. Last year, the horse was making a bold move after the 20th fence, when he slipped and fell on the tanbark crossing Tufton Avenue.
"First, purses have increased considerably. Secondly, a whole new generation of trainers has come along who are devoted to the sport; and thirdly, its easier now to prepare jumpers. It used to be the emphasis was on jumping the bigger fences. Now most opportunities are for horses jumping lower fences, and it doesn't take nearly as long to 'make' a horse. In a nutshell, I guess you'd say speed and cash have transformed the game, although it's still rich in tradition."
While an experimental interactive television betting program is dead in Maryland for this year, steps are being taken by four states -- New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware and Maryland -- to start a regional effort to promote an interactive phone betting network.
Mission: To enhance and preserve a permanent collection of more than 85,000 objects, ranging from ancient mosaics to contemporary art. At its heart is the Cone Collection of modern art. Also part of the collection are the famous Lucas prints and drawings, Dalsheimer photography collection, the Levi sculptures and the Scott collection of American period furniture.
Latest accomplishments: "A Grand Design: The Art of th Victoria and Albert Museum," a highly acclaimed exhibition of world art from the London museum that attracted 155,000 visitors, making it the BMA's third-highest-attended exhibition, from October 1997 through January 1998.
On the horizon: Opening Oct. 4, 45 works including sculptures oil paintings, pastels, drawings, monotypes, lithographs and etchings by the French impressionist Edgar Degas. "Degas and the Little Dancer," running through Jan. 3, will focus on the evolution of the celebrated "Little Dancer Aged Fourteen" sculpture.
About the BMA: Membership: 9,187 households. Attendance: 317,090 annually. Operating budget: $9 million. Endowment: $59.7 million.
Where and when: Art Museum Drive, Baltimore. Hours: 11 a.m. t p.m. Wednesday-Friday; 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. Saturday and Sunday; 5 p.m. to 9 p.m. the first Thursday of the month. 410-396-7100.
Anthony W. Deering, chairman of the BMA's board of trustees on the future: "The BMA is deeply committed to diversifying and expanding our audience. We are developing closer ties to other arts organizations and institutions, as well as seeking ways to involve the many talented artists in our midst in the museum's exhibitions and programs."
When the 23 members of the African Children's Choir prepare to take the stage tonight at St. Matthew's Roman Catholic Church in Baltimore, they won't need a pep talk.
No matter how tired they might be from months of performing four times a week, how antsy they might be after the two-hour bus ride from Cumberland, the children - all between 6 and 11 - will be caught up in the moment as soon as they start making music.
"It's their favorite thing. They could be feeling not so good, and they'll start singing and they just love it," said Heather Lytle, tour leader for African Children's Choir No. 26, which has been slowly making its way up the East Coast since its members arrived in Miami from Uganda four months ago.
"I think part of it is they feel heard. They're getting the message they've come to share across. They feel it's a way they can make a difference in the suffering they've experienced in Africa," said Lytle. "It's their empowering moment, and because of that, they're very happy to do it."
The group that is now touring Maryland - the 26th since the choir was established 21 years ago - is made up of children from Uganda, many orphaned, all once living in severe poverty. The 25th choir, meanwhile, also from Uganda, is touring the western United States, and a third, with members from Uganda and Kenya, is expected to start a U.S. tour soon.
The African Children's Choir was founded by Ray Barnett, a human rights worker from British Columbia who in 1984 made his second visit to Uganda - a country whose northern regions were plagued by famine and whose southern reaches were wracked by civil war. While there, a woman asked him to give her son a ride across the country to visit an aunt. The boy sang the whole way.
Back in Canada, frustrated in his efforts to encourage "donor-fatigued" North Americans to help Uganda, the hopeful image of the singing boy came back to Barnett.
From that idea, the first African Children's Choir was formed and, through the non-profit organization Music for Life, it has been raising money for African children ever since.
While winning international acclaim, garnering a Grammy nomination and spreading a message of hope, the choir - which performs a program of song and dance featuring African tunes, children's songs and traditional spirituals - also takes care of its own. Each member is fed and housed until adulthood and ensured a college education or vocational training.
Money raised by the organization - at concerts, through sponsorships and other donations - have also financed a children's home in Uganda, literacy and boarding schools in Uganda, Rwanda, Kenya, Sudan and South Africa, schools and shelters across Africa, and emergency relief efforts.
In its current campaign, the choir is raising money to provide relief in Nkomazi, one of the poorest regions of South Africa, where 2,700 children have lost one or both parents to starvation, AIDS or other illnesses, according to the Music For Life Institute.
Nkomazi has a population of 700,000 people living in 34 impoverished, water-deprived rural villages. About 45 percent of local pregnant women test HIV positive, and most residents rely on water from rivers and boreholes, making them susceptible to cholera outbreaks.
Music For Life, an interdenominational Christian organization, raised $3.7 million in 2003, according to GuideStar, a national database of charitable organizations operated by Philanthropic Research Inc.
While on tour, the choir travels by bus and members stay in the homes of families that volunteer to host them.
About 800 children, serving stints of a little more than a year, have been in the choir since the program began.
"Each group usually tours North America for a year, then has a smaller tour in Europe, then heads back to their towns to continue their education," said Darlana Steunenberg, a spokesperson for the choir. Some have gone on to careers as doctors, engineers and pastors.
The choir performed at Central Assembly of God in Cumberland Wednesday night, spent the night at homes of church members, then returned to the church yesterday for schooling. Two teachers are among the eight adults that travel with the group, and classes are held four days a week.
"They were awesome," said Sue Robinette, administrative assistant to the pastor and coordinator of the Cumberland event. "The church was packed and they really had the crowd going. Their energy is just amazing. Everybody here looks forward to them coming, and the people who have housed them before all want to do it again."
Tour leader Lytle said the choir members manage to work in some fun along the way. They visited Disney World, toured the Smithsonian Institution and Washington's monuments and enjoyed the scenic hills of Cumberland.
"They talk and read. Many of them knit and crochet. They listen to music. They love the bus," she said. "The longer the bus ride, the better. It's our family time."
The City Council on Tuesday allocated $2.1 million in leftover federal stimulus funds to replace 13 traffic signals on Glenoaks Boulevard east and west of downtown. The stimulus funds are from public works projects approved last year that came in under budget due to highly competitive construction bids. WHAT IT MEANS Glenoaks was chosen for the upgrades because many of its signals were constructed more than 30 years ago, and need updated technology. Bicycle improvements The council allocated about $100,000 in Los Angeles County transportation money to support a series of bicycle and pedestrian improvements in the city.
GLENDALE — City officials extended an agreement with Glendale on Tuesday to continue maintaining that city’s traffic-related devices. Burbank has provided traffic signal maintenance for Glendale since 1993 to cut down on costs and to increase efficiency, Assistant Public Works Director Ken Johnson said. “Back in the ’70s and early ’80s, the county of Los Angeles maintained Glendale’s traffic signals,” he said. “Then Glendale went private, and in the late ’80s there was a move for Pasadena, Burbank and Glendale to provide [a service]
GLENDALE — Concerns about pedestrian safety prompted city officials to install traffic signals at an intersection near Allan F. Daily High School last week, which are expected to be operational in about two weeks. The quantity of pedestrian traffic around the North Kenwood Street and Wilson Avenue intersection was one of the primary considerations in deciding to install traffic signals, said Steve Zurn, director of the city’s Public Works Department. Pedestrians in the area include students going to and from Daily High School, which is at 220 N. Kenwood St., on the same block that runs into Wilson Avenue; people entering and exiting the Glendale Unified School District’s administration building, which is next to Daily High on Jackson Street; and residents, Zurn said.
Tim Willert SOUTHWEST GLENDALE -- On the heels of a study to determine parking and traffic effects on proposed street closures, the city is considering whether to remove medians along Brand Boulevard south of Colorado Street. "Obviously [removing medians] would be a positive in terms of access to Brand,"said Jano Baghdanian, the city's traffic and transportation administrator. "The problem with removing the medians is we've had problems with pedestrian safety at uncontrolled intersections."
DOWNTOWN — Glendale Police Lt. Carl Povilaitis called on officers Friday from a hand-held radio in the city’s Traffic Management Center to control traffic on busy streets along the major shopping centers, where customers were out to get the best bargains of the year. He relayed traffic directions to the officers as he watched TV monitors inside the center display heavy traffic congestion on streets circling the Americana at Brand, Glendale Galleria and freeway exits.
Recently, I was coming home on the freeway and noticed there had been traffic signals installed across all three lanes of the freeway (?Meters going in on the 210,? Jan. 30). This appalled me. It set me to thinking. First I want to take up the ?speed bump? subject. I know everyone is familiar with speed bumps. They slow you down. Mostly, they slow down the people who drive slow anyway, and the Fire Department. The people who think putting a speed bump every 100 or 200 feet is a good idea are wrong.
The intersection at Central and Goode avenues was closed for several hours Sunday morning after a vehicle struck a utility box, cutting power to the traffic signals. At about 9:15 a.m., a taxicab traveling north on Central Avenue and an Audi sedan traveling west on Goode Avenue collided, said Glendale Police Officer Vincent Jackson. The Audi knocked over a utility box before coming to rest alongside an office building. The driver of the Audi, a 24-year-old woman from Glendale, was taken to Glendale Adventist Hospital with minor injuries, Jackson said.
Tim Willert ELECTRIC RATES WHAT HAPPENED The council introduced an ordinance that would restructure Glendale Water and Power electric rates to more closely reflect the cost of service and seasonal price changes in the energy market and encourage conservation. WHAT IT MEANS The changes in the ordinance would not cost or generate any extra revenue for the city. The cost-of-service adjustments would mean most residential customers would see a small reduction in their bills, as much as $2 a month.
It is a sad and irrefutable fact that Glendale has become the center of homicidal maniac drivers of mostly expensive, high-powered cars who threaten our life and limb. The solution to the problem offered by our learned city fathers/mothers to the mayhem caused by these people is to “make a study” with U.C. Berkeley and ask the aforementioned maniacs to be polite and careful not to kill us. It is time to admit that this approach has been a failure, and that these misfits are becoming even more dangerous with time.
A $3.2-million project for intersection and rail improvements at the rail crossing at Buena Vista and Van Owen streets is scheduled to begin in March after more than five years of trying to accumulate enough funding for the work. The project has been on the books since 2005 and is tapping up to eight funding sources to break ground, city officials said. “It's something that's been a long time coming and I'm ready to start construction as soon as possible,” Burbank Assistant Public Works Director Ken Johnson said.
GLENDALE — As shoppers from throughout the region today head out to Glendale's major shopping destinations, police have stepped up their efforts to deal with the influx of traffic on streets. The city will deploy 15 officers to deal with traffic issues near the major shopping centers, including the Glendale Galleria and Americana at Brand, police Lt. Carl Povilaitis said. Another officer will have a birds-eye view from the Traffic Management Center of the busy shopping center and will advise fellow officers on the streets how to keep traffic flowing.
CENTRAL GLENDALE — City officials outlined a plan Wednesday night for a proposed Riverdale Drive and Maple Street corridor, which includes cycling, road and sidewalk improvements, in an effort to better connect city facilities and increase walking and bicycling. The corridor would run from Riverdale Drive between San Fernando Road and Central Avenue, as well as Maple Street between Central Avenue and Verdugo Road. Improvements would include wheelchair ramps, painted new crosswalks, curb extensions, roundabouts, street markings, new trees, streets signs and bicycle push buttons for cyclists, said Kevin Carter, a Glendale Public Works civil engineer.
Embarrassed by engineering shortfall I completely agree with Robert Leff of La Crescenta. His comment in the Friday, Feb. 13, in “Our Readers Write” is overdue. I am a registered civil engineer; however, I do not work for Caltrans (I work in the water field). Those traffic signals should be designed and located by an engineer. It is embarrassing to me that a fellow engineer would place those “…stop lights on freeways…” as the writer referred to them.
I do not agree with Councilman Ara Najarian regarding mitigation of our traffic problems (“A six-point plan to improve traffic safety,” Community Commentary, Jan. 28). Perhaps my view is too simplistic. The answer is always meetings and requests for grant money or other money — this won’t solve the problem. Respecting our laws only happens when it’s punitive enough for all who do not respect our laws. I like heavy fines/jail time for speeders and loss of license for those who drive through a crosswalk when pedestrians are crossing.
We’ve been meeting like this for an entire year now, and I must say, it has gone by amazingly fast. Today marks the fifty-second consecutive Friday I’ve had the privilege of putting my thoughts in print for Valley Sun readers to read or ignore, agree or disagree with, and surprisingly often comment on via e-mails to me or to the Sun’s intrepid city editor, Robin Goldsworthy. As I’ve mentioned here before, I’m a writer by profession — albeit my usual day-to-day writing is advertising/marketing “copy.
A group of women of Lebanon from three Christian families - Catholic, Evangelical and Orthodox - prepared the worship service that alludes to images found in the Song of Solomon, naming Lebanon and its cedars.
The Hagerstown manufacturing facility will lay off employees in the next year, in part because of cheaper labor costs in Mexico.
Berwick Offray officials last week told employees at its Hagerstown Lion Ribbon manufacturing plant that 90 people would be laid off in the next year, in part because of cheaper labor costs in Mexico, a company official said Tuesday.
"It's competition and if the competition can make the product cheaper, there's no point in our making it in the United States," said Nancy Schott, vice president of human resources for Berwick Offray in Berwick, Pa.
Twenty manufacturing workers were told last Friday their layoffs were effective that day, Schott said. The other 30 manufacturing layoffs will occur during the next three months, she said.
The manufacturing workers being laid off work with a product called cut edge, Schott said. Cut edge refers to large rolls of wide ribbon that are cut down to 1- and 2-inch wide ribbon. The thinner ribbon is edged so the new edges won't fray.
The manufacturing workers being laid off are members of the Union of Needletrades, Industrial and Textile Employees.
Berwick Offray has been moving administrative departments to the Berwick office. Five people will be laid off this fall with the remaining 35 people to be laid off in the first quarter of 2004, she said.
Before Berwick Industries LCC bought C.M. Offray & Son Inc. in March 2002, there were periodic layoffs of smaller groups of employees due to the recession.
Berwick officials said in December that 25 employees, mostly administrative personnel, would be laid off by the end of February because of a soft economy and efforts to move administrative jobs to Berwick. The company ended up laying off about 22 people.
Western Maryland Consortium officials will be at the plant Thursday to help workers with job search skills and retraining, she said.
Schott said she does not anticipate more layoffs in Hagerstown, but that depends on the economy, the industry and the impending war with Iraq.
WAYNESBORO, Pa. - A set of goals for 2008 will be before the Washington Township Board of Supervisors on Monday for their approval.
Among them are plans for the construction of Washington Township Boulevard and two addressing the possible development of a municipal complex.
When they drafted goals for the $14.3 million relief route known as Washington Township Boulevard, the supervisors included the following:
· Supervisors complete roadway from Old Forge Road to Country Club Drive and Gehr Road to Marshall Drive.
Construction of Washington Township Boulevard began in 2005 and is projected to last through 2014. The relief route north of Waynesboro is complete and open from Pa. 16 to Old Forge Road.
Another goal headed to the supervisors for final approval is to ensure "that nearby landowners are affected in the least way possible by the boulevard development and no new boulevard commercial rezoning is authorized."
"I want to prevent or make sure no new development (occurs). ... I'm not a real proponent of this Washington Township Boulevard, and I want to make sure these things happen," said Supervisor Stephen Kulla, who was elected in November 2007.
The supervisors have said they want to see the construction of North Welty Road completed to meet Washington Township Boulevard this year, too.
The "township facilities master plan" goals are to "consider appropriate site property size and location to meet plan requirements" and to "consider facility design that can be phased to meet funding availability," according to the version of goals presented Wednesday evening.
Last year, the supervisors accepted a facilities master plan created by architectural firm Newcomer Associates of Chambersburg, Pa.
"It's a study that's been accepted and is on a shelf. If we get to the point where we buy land, we take it off a shelf," Sturm said.
The board has been working on its goals for several weeks and further refined them at a workshop Wednesday.
Doing Business : Russians Consult U.S. 'Spin Doctors' : Public relations experts trek to Siberia to help factory workers learn how to invest in state companies, newly privatized. - latimes
Doing Business : Russians Consult U.S. 'Spin Doctors' : Public relations experts trek to Siberia to help factory workers learn how to invest in state companies, newly privatized.
NOVOSIBIRSK, Russia — When the Russian government handed every citizen a voucher last fall to buy shares of privatized state companies, Maria Medovna dreamed of investing in something solid like an auto factory, or practical like a beauty parlor.
But the retired factory worker had no idea where to take her voucher. And she feared a battle against some impenetrable bureaucracy once she found the right office.
"I didn't know what to do with this check at first," said Medovna, bundled up against the Siberian winter in a colorful Russian shawl. "We had no information. I was lost."
To fill the information vacuum, the Russian government turned to the bona fide experts on money and marketing: Americans.
A public education campaign run with the help of three U.S. firms aims to explain how Russia's 150 million citizens can participate in the vast privatization program and what risks are involved in becoming part owner of a business. Already, more than 46,000 small- and medium-sized enterprises have been privatized, and 100,000 more ventures are to be sold by year's end.
Many of the enterprises going public are risky investments because they are addicted to hefty government subsidies. When they go private and lose this support, some will go bankrupt, and Russian investors will lose too.
Russians also have to worry about fraud. Already this year, about 500,000 people in St. Petersburg were swindled by two fly-by-night investment firms that took their vouchers and disappeared. The vouchers have a face value of 10,000 rubles ($7.80 at the current exchange rate) but have been selling for about half that on the open market.
"It's unavoidable that privatization of large enterprises is highly risky for new investors," said Anthony Doran, manager of programs in the former Soviet republics at the International Finance Corp. (IFC), a World Bank affiliate that is advising the privatization program.
To ease people's doubts and make the selloff a success, "the communications aspect of privatization is being recognized as more and more important," Doran said. "We try to make sure people are as informed as possible so they can participate as fully as possible."
Hiring outside consultants not only allowed Russia to benefit from the experience of other countries that have begun privatization programs but also helped close the government's credibility gap. After seven decades of Communist propaganda, Russians are skeptical of what any government tells them.
To ensure a top-notch information campaign, the Russian government turned to two of America's top political and corporate consulting firms--Sawyer Miller Group and Burston-Marsteller.
But rather than dictate orders, the advisers say they are simply helping implement the ideas of the State Property Committee, known here by its Russian acronym, GKI.
"The message comes from GKI. It doesn't come from us," said Paul Bograd, director of Sawyer Miller Group's Russian operation. "We basically help them (GKI) do what they want to do. They reject advice all the time."
To complement the work of Sawyer Miller's 30 consultants, the IFC brought in the international public relations firm Burston-Marsteller to help sell privatization in five regions across Russia. A handful of Burston-Marsteller consultants are working on local educational campaigns here, in the heart of Siberia, as well as in St. Petersburg, Nizhny Novgorod, Tomsk and Volgograd.
The work of all three companies, as well as of several management consulting firms providing technical assistance on privatization, is funded by American taxpayers. The Freedom of Support Act, which provided $417 million in humanitarian and technical aid to the former Soviet Union last October, included funds for consultants' work.
The Burston-Marsteller effort in Novosibirsk, a city of 1.5 million and unofficial capital of Siberia, is an example of how the public relations campaign works on the ground.
A Burston-Marsteller team came to Novosibirsk more than a month ago and met with local officials for suggestions. "Our idea was to give as much information to people as we could," said Irina Vorhonskaya, a Burston-Marsteller consultant stationed in Novosibirsk.
Vorhonskaya and her colleagues designed pamphlets with basic information about privatization and had them slipped into the mailboxes of all 2.7 million residents of the Novosibirsk region.
Written in a clear question-and-answer format, the brochure deals with such mysteries as: "What is stock?" "How do I choose an enterprise?" "How can I participate in an investment fund?"
Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the nation's largest retailer, has stunned the music industry by banning an upcoming album by Grammy winner Sheryl Crow from its stores because of a song lyric suggesting that the retailer sells guns to children.
Wal-Mart's decision, which record industry executives estimate could cost Crow a staggering 400,000 album sales, comes two weeks before the album, "Sheryl Crow," is to be released by A&M Records on Sept. 24.
Stores such as Wal-Mart frequently refuse to sell albums containing lyrics they believe are too sexually explicit or excessively violent. But this is apparently the first time that a major retailer has banned a song in which it is the target of a lyric.
"Selling a record implying behavior that is against all we stand for is something we just could not profit from," said Wal-Mart spokesman Dale Ingram.
What also makes the dispute unusual is that the 34-year-old Crow is hardly the kind of artist one expects to find at the forefront of a music censorship issue. Her upcoming album is Crow's much-anticipated follow-up to her best-selling "Tuesday Night Music Club," whose "All I Wanna Do" single in 1995 won her Grammy awards for best pop vocal performance and record of the year. Crow also won a Grammy that year for best new artist.
Some rock critics wish the popular singer would be more daring. Her lyrics aren't as sexually suggestive as those of an Alanis Morissette. Nor do Crow's songs reflect the kind of violent, gritty street scenes featured in gangsta songs that have embroiled music companies in criticism.
Indeed, Crow grew up in the heart of Wal-Mart country in Kennett, Mo., and is an alumna of the same university as Wal-Mart's legendary founder, the late Sam Walton. Last week, Crow expressed concern to A&M executives that her sister and her friends might have trouble getting the album if the local Wal-Mart doesn't carry it.
The lyrics at issue are in a song called "Love Is a Good Thing," co-written with Tad Wadhams. The lyrics read:
Wal-Mart spokesman Ingram characterized the lyrics as an unfair attack on the Bentonville, Ark.-based chain, which he said has strict policies prohibiting the sale of guns to minors. He said the company believes that the song insults Wal-Mart employees, many of whom are involved in charities for children.
Wal-Mart became aware of the lyrics when the album was screened by a "rack job" company that distributes albums to the chain and checks albums for lyrics before their release. A&M Records Chairman Al Cafaro said Wal-Mart did not request that Crow change her lyric.
Wal-Mart's gun sales have periodically been criticized and the subject of lawsuits, although the company in recent years has taken steps to tighten its policies.
In 1994, Wal-Mart stopped selling handguns in its stores, making them available only through catalogs. That decision came after the company was sued by relatives of a Texas man who allegedly killed his parents with a gun bought at a Wal-Mart even though he had indicated on a federal form that he had been treated for mental problems. At the time, Wal-Mart denied that the decision was related to the lawsuit.
In 1992, a judge dismissed a lawsuit that had accused Wal-Mart of selling bullets to two minors who used them to kill a man working in a Florida auto parts store, citing a previous legal case that found that a person who illegally sold a gun could not have known it would be used in a crime. In 1994, Wal-Mart was sued by the family of a man killed in a Texas courthouse shootout by an assailant who had allegedly bought a gun from Wal-Mart even though he was under indictment on sexual assault charges.
Asked whether Crow's lyrics were fair to Wal-Mart if the company has policies against selling guns to minors, Cafaro said: "It's difficult for me to answer the question of what's fair. They sell guns, and I'm sure some of those guns have found their way into the hands of people who shouldn't have them. That's a reality."
Crow could not be reached for comment. The Wal-Mart decision brought immediate criticism from record industry executives, who noted the irony that an anti-violence song is being banned from a retailer even as the entertainment industry is under fire from politicians such as presidential candidates Bob Dole and President Clinton for violent content in films, TV shows and song lyrics.
"At a time when the entire entertainment industry is criticized about lyrics being too violent, here we have a cautionary tale about the dangers of guns," Cafaro said. A&M is owned by European entertainment conglomerate PolyGram, which is controlled by Dutch electronics conglomerate Philips.
ANCHORAGE — Under fire and accused of promoting a state trade deal that could have brought financial benefits to himself and his friends, Alaska Atty. Gen. Gregg Renkes resigned Saturday.
In a prepared statement, Renkes, a Republican, said he made the decision to focus his time and energy on his family and to shield it from "partisan political attacks."
"The time has come to remove my family from the vicious politics of personal destruction. I must leave this office and this privilege I have treasured and held dear. A family is priceless; a job can be done by others," the statement said.
Renkes, appointed in 2002 by Republican Gov. Frank H. Murkowski, became the focus of debate because of his role in promoting a state deal to process coal and sell it to Taiwanese utilities. The process used to improve the coal's efficiency is patented by Denver-based KFx Inc.
At the time Murkowski announced the deal in September, Renkes held about $100,000 worth of stock in the company and had served as its lobbyist and technical advisor.
Renkes was the official who drafted a memorandum of understanding to sell the coal, and he was named by Murkowski to a special panel promoting Alaska-Taiwan trade.
An inquiry launched by Murkowski mostly cleared Renkes of violating the state's Administrative Ethics Act last month.
Former U.S. Atty. Robert Bundy, hired by Murkowski in October to investigate the matter, concluded that Renkes violated a technical aspect of the law, the provision mandating better disclosure and independent evaluations of potential conflicts of interest before official actions were taken.
Bundy also said Renkes used "poor judgment" in deleting all his old e-mail messages on Oct. 1, the day that an article detailing his involvement with KFx was published in the Anchorage Daily News.
Lee Iacocca, chairman of the board of the Chrysler Corp., has been named honorary chairman of the Society of the Arts' Antique and Classic Car Show to be held Oct. 18-20 in Allentown Fairgrounds' Agricultural Hall.
About 50 cars from the beginning of the century through the 1960s will be on display. All the cars are owned by private collectors.
Admission is $4 in advance and $5 at the door for adults, $4 for senior citizens and $2.50 for students 18 years and under. Proceeds will benefit the museum.
In a letter to Museum Board of Trustees President Bernard Berman, Iacocca agreed to be honorary chairman of the event and said, "Cars, of course, have played a great role in my life, and I've always had a special love for the antiques."
On November 1 I joined a cluster of creative women at Coledale, to participate in a ‘Collaborations with Nature’ ephemeral art workshop presented by Shona Wilson. It was a day of play, also of intense and tiring problem solving as we worked out how to work with the landscape, using no tools but our own bodies (and occasional sharp twigs!). My afternoon work was this embellished tree trunk, and I hope to explore ephemeral art further over the next year, following in Shona’s footsteps with her ‘One a day’ project. The purpose of this is to connect daily with nature in a meditative way, as a spiritual as well as a creative practice. Of course, I can’t mention ephemeral art without referring to the guru – Andy Goldsworthy, long may he reign 🙂
You know, I love travelling, taking photos, and playing with making images, but haven’t had much time and energy for the business side (well, there is that pesky day job, not to mention studies …). However, at last I have bitten the bullet and opened up an Etsy shop. It’s not a ‘fine-art’ outlet, but I love Etsy because it’s not elitist and encourages everyday creativity, and also sells funky vintage stuff. I don’t aspire to climb any art world ladder – like so many others everyday creativity is what I do. And of course as an avid charity-shopper I love the funky vintage stuff 😉
Uncover over 100 hundred years of car, motorcycle and aviation history by simply clicking on the timeline buttons or dragging the centre section to scroll through time.
Property offer for sale on the Island of Malta in Birgu / Vittoriosa: Historic buildings on the harbor of Birgu for a hotel or for offices.
Keep up-to-date with the latest listings, tips for the real estate market, or to get in touch with me online.
The information provided herein must only be used by consumers that have a bona fide interest in the purchase, sale or lease of real estate and may not be used for any commercial purpose or any other purpose.
The instance To Peking-and beyond : a report on the new Asia, by Harrison E. Salisbury represents a material embodiment of a distinct intellectual or artistic creation found in Bellaire City Library.
Michal Lukasiewicz portrays his subjects with the tenderness and warm sensuality of the High Renaissance, combined with the vibrancy of Pop art in his use of bright colours. Working primarily in acrylic on a gesso ground, his works are at times almost …
Established in Winchester in 1987 the two floors of the gallery show original contemporary and period paintings by artists from the UK, Europe and further afield, together with prints, limited editions and local views.
Throughout the gallery contemporary ceramics, glass and sculpture are displayed to complement the two-dimensional work.
Erick “All American Boy” Ituarte (14-1-1, 2 KOs)–Up-and-coming super featherweight. Ituarte measures 5’7” and was born Nov. 12, 1994 in the state of Durango in Mexico, but he grew up in Santa Ana, California, a suburb of Orange County. Ituarte turned professional on Sept. 9, 2011, when he defeated German Rivera by unanimous decision.
I’ve been featuring bits of my workspace over the past months but I haven’t really sorted out my things (until now, yay). I did promise myself to fix it by the end of January and I’d like to think I accomplished this goal *claps for me!*.
Most artists would probably have a really huge desk in their room where all artsy fartsy concoctions happen – but for me, it’s in our attic. Funny how I never thought of this until late last year when I would spend most hours upstairs locked and intently working. I decided then to decorate it and make it more “me”, so yeah, here it is! :D Heavy photo post ahead.
I am always greeted with the scary list of things I have to do every time I head upstairs. (used liquid chalk for this) It keeps me going, in a way, so it’s pretty helpful – although sometimes it haunts me in the worst way possible, lol.
I collect a lot of things when I travel, such as postcards, prints and frames. (Got these from my recent trip to Europe).
What my desk looks like on most days – obviously doing Quirks when I shot this! I love when it’s daylight ‘cause the space seems more conducive for working.
Fun fact: I have a separate desk in the middle of the attic, actually (not in the photo), for all the messy things I do. (It’s like a dirty kitchen if you think about it) And I spend most nights working on said desk (‘cause it’s nearer to the outlet and there’s more light, lol)
Check out that Speedball Textbook – it’s a hand me down lettering book from my mom, who has really beautiful penmanship (I’d like to think I was genetically inclined in that department!).
I keep a stash of books at the corner shelf for references – although some aren’t here because I also have a separate shelf in my room.
The ceiling is shaped like a roof, so I used the right side to stick post cards, art prints, and my scratch map – just so I can keep track on where I’ve been so far.
I used the left side of the ceiling to stick some of my recent events. Here’s a glimpse of Love, Type and my LEAP class schedule.
So basically that’s it! Hope you had fun taking a peek into where I work. Let me know if you’ve done a tour of your workspace: I’d love to see it!
[…] be my home, office, studio – basically where my artistic side transpires. I’ve given a room tour during my first few months staying here, but since then, it’s been growing and becoming more […]
Artist Life Guild is a nonprofit based in Washington providing supportive programs for working artists.
Grants are available for NW area professional artists to receive 8 weeks of professional counseling by a licensed therapist who is also an artist.
To qualify, artists must be actively creating & presenting art in the community and also must not have insurance that already allows for counseling. Grants are awarded as funds become available (Donation Info Below).
Small grants for artists to create new & profound community based projects that will inspire their local community and also develop a sustainable income to be "paid forward" to another project. Up to $500, pending available funds
Artist Life Guild (formerly known as Promontory Artist Association) is a board governed 501(c)(3) non-profit based in Seattle & the greater Pacific Northwest since 1997. Donations are tax deductible to the fullest extent of the law.
> Body Therapy & FORM Movement/Meditation Classes May 7, 12 & 14, 2009 taught by Kathryn Linehan visiting Seattle (from Pepperdine) for a week! Thanks to a kind donor, all proceeds from these classes will go to benefit the Broken Prophets program.
DIRT: an award winning one man play about racism and the havoc it wreaks on the human spirit July 20, 2008, 7:00 @ Fremont Abbey Arts Center, Seattle. Discussion to follow performance. | TICKETS / INFO
"Grammy Award-winning record producer and artist Charlie Peacock will perform in Seattle on May 17th to benefit the Artist Life Guild. Appearing with Peacock is 19 year-old mandolin virtuoso Eva Scow. Seattle uber- drummer Matt Jorgensen will also be featured. Peacock will perform music from his two jazz albums as well as vocal songs selected from his significant pop and singer-songwriter catalog. Peacock’s newest jazz album ARC OF THE CIRCLE, a collaboration with Flecktone’s saxophonist Jeff Coffin, is charting at #3 on the CMJ Jazz chart." www.allaboutjazz.com/charliepeacock
I’m considering becoming a Cub Scout Leader. It’s a big commitment so it’s a big decision. I have arguments for why I should and shouldn’t do this. I will outline my thinking and see if a clear path becomes apparent. This is how I tend to make most of my decisions. In a slow considered way through writing. It helps give me clarity so it is like my lifeline to sanity.
it is a big challenge – in that I have tended to run from wanting to lead – preferring to be on my own
This could be an opportunity for an hour of space in the week .. rather than filling up the week with more activity
I could still garner much of the Scouts learning through watching Joey rather than having to go through the whole thing myself – i.e. doing it is my need to keep learning
I feel quite uncomfortable with the Scouts procedures .. I struggle with that sort of thing. In fact .. I’m not much of a group person .. so the ceremonies and actions make me feel very awkward
I am told it’s fun for the adults too .. and I can see they have fun .. but fun is different for everyone .. and one and a half hours with kids yelling in a hall could never be my idea of fun. Maybe I’m just not cut out to be a Scout leader.
October 2018 September 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 September 2017 August 2017 June 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 December 2016 November 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 June 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 January 2009 November 2008 October 2008 August 2008 May 2008
Arhiv Select Month October 2018 September 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 September 2017 August 2017 June 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 December 2016 November 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 June 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 January 2009 November 2008 October 2008 August 2008 May 2008
Property offer for sale in Mellieha: There are three villas - new - built in modern style. The size of the plot for each object is between 1,125 sqm and 1,25
property offer for sale in Valletta: Construction of five new apartments in a perfect location in Valletta
StoreRight is a single source warehousing and storage solution provider of Pallet Racking, Shelving Systems and Materials Handling Equipment to the Central and North Queensland region. At..
StoreRight is a single source warehousing and storage solution provider of Pallet Racking, Shelving Systems and Materials Handling Equipment to the Central and North Queensland region. At Storeright Quality, Safety and Value for Money are our overriding principles that's why we specialise in - Dexion Pallet Racking & Industrial Storage Systems Dexion Commercial & Office Storage Systems Fallshaw Wheels & Castors Reliable & Functional Materials Handling Equipment Other services include: Third-Party Industrial Storage at our Storeright Gladstone facility Warehouse Design & Project Management Warehouse Safety Training
StoreRight is a single source warehousing and storage solution provider of Pallet Racking, Shelving Systems and Materials Handling Equipment to the Central and North Queensland region.
At Storeright Quality, Safety and Value for Money are our overriding principles that's why we specialise in -
Our volunteers make a huge difference in the lives of our residents. Spending quality time let’s them know someone cares…
Please indicate your interest in volunteering by filling out the form below. After you submit the form, someone from the home will be in touch with you. Please allow a few days for us to contact you.
Here you will see details of opportunities for creative collaboration that often transcend the boundaries of media and discipline. Looking to try something a little bit out of the box? This might be just what you're looking for.
Dr Simon Hogg is Senior Lecturer in Loughborough University's Department of Materials, but when he's not busy being an outstanding academic his ongoing passion is the construction and modification of a modular synthesiser. Dr Hogg is keen to explore unusual uses for his creation, and is seeking collaborators to push some creative boundaries.
He is particularly interested in working with a stringed instrument player (e.g. violin, viola, cello) on a musical collaboration, but is equally happy to investigate other instruments. He would also be pleased to hear from any art students interested in producing an audio/audiovisual piece or installation (the LU Arts facilities would be made available for this) that would experiment with the synthesiser.
At Springfield Bed and Breakfast a warm welcome will await you into the home of Kevin O'Brien and his wife.
Wow, Luna! That is such a big step. It really opens the world up to you when you're feeling comfortable with it, and not afraid anymore!
I'm an introvert, personally... I enjoy a small crowd every once in a while, and like meeting new people a few at a time, but my desire to be around others really doesn't last for more than a few hours. I like having a companion, though. Just someone to be around, even if we are being quiet... so being an introvert doesn't necessarily mean not being lonely.
This describes me so well. I don't want big crowds. One or two people over for coffee is all I want and need. I need a certain amount of alone time which is why I told my brother, Brian, that I didn't want to get a townhouse with him and that we should have separate but close apartments. I also need just a couple of hours of time with one or two people to feel optimal each day.
I'm really surprised by my sudden comfort leaving the apartment. It's not something I made an effort for. It just happened. I have a post in "Season Passes" called, I'm Not "Daryl's Wife" Anymore. Since that fundamental change in thinking about myself, so much has just automatically changed for me. I can make my own decisions. I used to rely on Daryl to make them for me.
I called Daryl tonight and assertively told him what I wanted in a car and that I wanted it by the end of the month. It had very positive results. He sounded excited to go car shopping with me and was happy that I knew what I wanted and by when because it took the pressure off him to figure out. Since that post, Daryl and I are getting along better and I no long feel that stab of pain whenever I see him or hear his voice. We've morphed into "friends" and I like it. He feels the change, too. I can tell. I don't feel the guilt emanating off him anymore. He smiles and laughs with me easier.
I spent five months thinking about and attempting suicide over our divorce. That's so the past. Since this last suicide attempt, my outlook and life has taken on new meaning. Meaning it should have always have had. I can actually see myself taking courses at some point to qualify myself to work with handicapped kids. At the very least, I wish to volunteer with them. I could gush about how much better I'm doing forever!
It's all thanks to my two brothers and all of you here at BPDR for the understanding, support and caring. It made me feel worthy again.
"I'm loved. I can't forget that or take it for granted. I'm going to be here and be taking advantage of every resource that I can find in Brampton. I WILL heal. The pain will subside. I have a future full of possibilities. I just have to fight tooth and nail to make it there."
I'm back to being happy, positive and virtually pain free! The morphine makes it so it only hurts when I cough. I'll be able to walk to the pharmacy today instead of taking a cab! The sun isn't quite shining but it's trying to.
I had a great phone conversation with my nephew last night. His new son had three surgeries two days ago and is recovering wonderfully! He named his new son, Elijah, after my son! He's soooooo excited about my upcoming trip to Woodstock at the end of the month! So am I! I can finally meet his girlfriend and children!
My brother, Andy, has chosen a career path. He spent months confused about what to do with his fresh start in Halifax and now he's decided to be a Personal Care Worker. He has lots of experience after caring for our mother for the last 10 years of her life. He feels it will be gratifying work. I know he'll be great at it and that his clients will look forward to his visits. I wish everyone could know Andy. He's one of a kind.
I'm so excited about the prospect of getting my own car! I want a good used Toyota Corolla. I've only ever driven Toyota's so I feel safe and comfortable in them.
I have double vision today from the morphine. I think I'll spend much of the day napping with my adoring cats.
I'm keeping myself busy playing Mafia Wars on facebook. I'll also have to clean the kitchen this afternoon.
It's good to hear you "babbling"....You're happy, and that's most definitely a good thing. It will be wonderful to see your new relatives....babies are wonderful beings.
I just called the pharmacy to see if they would deliver my medication. They have to call my doctor to get permission to deliver morphine, so I'll find out later. I'm just a little tired from pills and lack of sleep. If they can't deliver, I'll go get it myself...no biggie.
It's so cool that you've only driven Toyota's, too! They really are good cars. I can't wait to be jet setting around town in my Corolla! The only thing I dread about going grocery shopping alone when I get my car is how heavy kitty litter is! Good thing I have a cart to roll it upstairs.
I hope my Case Worker calls today to make a new appointment. I really want to get started with doing things and getting out. If I don't hear from her before 2:00, I'll bring it up during my 2:00 care worker call. Those care workers are wonderful. I don't think I'll need the calls much longer, though. I'll have them stopped once I start going to the Clubhouse and Friends and Advocates and stuff.
I am so happy for you! I'm also jealous that you got pizza the other night. I have been craving it something fierce. Haha.
The place I go for pizza is this tiny, unknown hole in the wall that makes the BEST damn pizza I've EVER had! I wish you could come over tonight and have some pizza with me! We would have such a good time together! dagwood, too! Imagine the three of us sitting together, having pizza and great conversation! I'd love that!
Wouldn't it be? I feel so comfortable with everyone here and like everyone here so much. It's a shame we can't get together and go to movies and out for coffee and stuff! I've found such great friends here!
My Case Worker called and we're meeting on Tuesday at 10:30! That's not too far away. I can hardly wait!
it's been a while since you last posted here. So how did your meeting with the Case Worker go? And how have you been since 3rd May (your last post)?
Mere, I had to cancel my appointment with the Case Worker due to morphine withdrawal. I couldn't get away from the bathroom. Withdrawal was a nightmare. I'll never take morphine again. Pain is better.
When I get out of the hospital on Tuesday, I'm going to call about making another appointment. Hopefully I won't have to wait too long.
I saw the doctor on call last night and I was doing so well, he discharged me! I feel great! It's so good to be home with my animals and computer and all my familiar surroundings!
Been awhile since I've been here. I'm having terrible sleep problems for 6 weeks now. I go to bed at 9:00pm and I'm wide awake between !:00am-3:00am. I've been completely exhausted and had let myself and my apartment go.
Yesterday I'd had enough, though. Tired as I was, I got in the tub, cleaned the apartment top to bottom and did all my laundry. I feel really good about that. Today, I drove to the pharmacy for some things and stopped at Subway for a sub for lunch. Tomorrow, I plan to do a bit of clothes shopping and Sunday, I'm driving to a friend's place out of town for lunch and a nice visit.
I was prescribed Trazadone for sleep but it hasn't helped a bit. Tonight, I'm going to try the Trazadone and two Gravol and see if that helps any. The fatigue has got me a little down but I'm not having any suicidal thoughts or anything even near that. I just keeping on keeping on.
I also take Tazadone for sleep, but have found that I need to wait as long as possible to take it or I will wake too early.
For whatever it's worth, I was put on amitriptyline recently (for the prevention of migraines - it's been helping) and I'm finding that it does a fantastic job of knocking me out. It's also known as Elavil, Endep or Vanatrip and it's an anti-depressant that's been around for 30+ years.
The doc started me on 10 mg tablets for the first two weeks and told me to double-up for the next two weeks, at which point, we'd switch me to the 25 mg tablets. (The dose can go up to 150 mg per day.) And honestly, the 10 mg dose STILL knocks my ass out. Within 4 to 5 hours, I am out like a light. When I wake up anywhere from 6.5 to 8 hours later (depending on if there's an alarm clock involved or not), I feel fully rested. If I take it too late in the evening and have to get up for work in the morning, I can tell that there's a solid 12 hour effect. From the time I take it to the time I feel like I'm fully awake again is a good solid 12 hours.
To be fair, there have been a couple of times recently when I've woken up between 1am and 3am but they were completely physically-related. One night, I was sweating bullets because my husband had refused to let me turn on the fan, we sleep on a foam mattress (which gets hotter than a regular spring mattress) and he still had the down comforter on the bed. In JUNE. Duh. Another time, one of my outdoor solar pathway lights was poorly placed and ended up strobing into our bedroom. (Weird confluence of where I'd placed it so it would shine in along with a bright moon with the light beneath a leafy tree gently blowing in the breeze, alternately telling the sensor it was dark and bright outside.) Another time, well, let's just say a gastrointestinal issue. With the amitriptyline in my system, I was completely able to go back to sleep. Prior to the med, I would've been up for at least an hour or two.
Given that its primary purpose was initially an antidepressant and given its ability to assist in sleep patterns, you might consider speaking to someone about adding it to your routine for a while to see if it helps. (It's really cheap too, I promise.)
Drats! Being who I am, I had to research it to make sure I wasn't telling lies. I recently paid about $9.75 for a 90 day supply at the pharmacy in the grocery store and thought I had a great deal. Turns out my prescription coverage is such that I could get it completely free if I'd be willing to let them mail me 30 days/pills at a time. (I'm okay with paying $40 for the first year and then I'll worry about the mail-order switch in 9 mos.) Gah.
I read your post and called my psychiatrist. She said she'd put me on the lowest dose of 10mg and I said no way. I told her I had a serious problem and wanted a higher dose so yielded to me and prescribed 25mg. Last night, I got EIGHT FULL HOURS OF SLEEP! My anxiety has drastically reduced as a result and my mental alertness has increased drastically! I feel so rejuvenated after just the first night!
With three nights of proper sleep under my belt, I finally felt ready to drive. I went out and got two air conditioners: a window unit for the kitchen and a portable unit for the bedroom. The super's husband is going to help me get them from my car to apartment as soon as done as he's done with whatever it is he's doing now.
I also went clothes shopping and, at the suggestion of my new friend Tammy, I bought three feminine tops: two of them red and one black. I usually only wear black but Tammy is coaching me out of my comfort zone.
Tammy and I are also planning a 2k tubing expedition in the Alora Gourd this summer! I would never do something like that alone! It's good to have a new friend. We spent Sunday together and I found two pairs of really pretty and feminine Crocs. One flat strappy sandal pair and one high heeled, open toed, slingback pair. You'd NEVER know they were Crocs! I also bought a gorgeous big potted plant for my balcony with spiky grass in the center and flowers all around. I admire it every time I go out for a cigarette.
Daryl and Eli are coming over for Pizza on Sunday and I'm really looking forward to that. I plan to have my AC units installed by then and show him that I'm capable of doing things without his help now.
Is yours three years of just production or is it quite theory based? The one I'm looking at is pretty theory based which doesn't tickle my fancy
Any posts about NYC events/shows/casting NOT DIRECTLY INVOLVING the UCB Theatres should be posted in the OFF TOPIC.
I wanted to submit an audition tape to be an actor on Maude. In order to submit it says you must have 101 & 201 of Improv, sketch or character. If I’ve done all four levels of improv recently and I’m now currently enrolled in sketch 101, would I be allowed to submit a tape? I’m also planning on taking sketch 201 soon.
"You must have completed at least two of UCB’s core classes - Sketch, Improv, or Character (Improv 101, 201, Sketch 101, 201, Character 101, 201)."
Ok, so considering that I have completed Improv 101 and 201.. you are saying I'm ok to audition? Correct?
I'm confused what you're referring to when you say "At least two, not all." I would appreciate clarification, thank you!
angel123 wrote: Ok, so considering that I have completed Improv 101 and 201.. you are saying I'm ok to audition? Correct?
You meet the first requirement listed if you completed Improv 101 & 201. You also have to meet one of the supplemental requirements to be eligible to audition. Those are listed in the announcement.
For the audition tape: can we submit character clips from a comedic web series project? I noticed that it said either “in front of an audience or for this submission”. Thanks
ahf0rmantua wrote: For the audition tape: can we submit character clips from a comedic web series project? I noticed that it said either “in front of an audience or for this submission”. Thanks
They must be stand alone characters. Like an SNL audition tape or what you see our Characters Welcome team do every month.
for actor auditions, if we completed two core classes (for the first requirement) and they were both multi-week, would that be able to count for the supplemental requirement as well since they fit that description?
Completion of one Multi-week UCB class (Not Workshop) in the last 2 years (between September 15th, 2016 and September 15th, 2018)
Can this just be an improv class taken in the past two years? Is this just proving recent involvement in the theatre?
If you completed two of UCB's core classes and one of them was between September 15th, 2016 and September 15th, 2018 - then yes, you are eligible to submit as an actor
Multi-week means it was 2 sessions or more. A workshop (1 session) does not count. So if you took a multi-week improv class at UCBT then yes that would work. The purpose of the supplemental requirements is to show that you are actively working to improv/hone/find your comedic voice.
The movie has a great story about a rich spoiled brat who falls overboard on an ocean liner and gets picked up by a crew member of a fishing vessel. They can't take him back home immediately and he has to remain aboard the vessel for three months. The spoiled brat needs to adapt himself to the crew and hard life aboard the vessel, while the crew members in return also have a hard time exception the kid as one of them. But of course aboard the ship he learns far more than fishing. He learns about life and its values and about the 'real' world. The movie has a dramatic story with several themes weaved in to it, such as most notably the father son relationship. It's however not a sappy over-the-top type of drama, as you would perhaps expect from a '30's movie. It's such a well layered story.
It's even more interesting since its being told from the viewpoint of the young character. Quite unusual for a drama, especially for one made in 1937, which makes this movie basically very good to watch for both adults as more younger people, even though it would be of course hard now days to interest them in an '30's movie. Despite being dramatic it also is above all really an adventurous movie to watch, especially for youngster of the same age as the movie its main character. It aren't really two genres that are commonly being mixed, which makes this an unique and great movie because of that reason already.
The movie has a great cast. Of course the '30's were the golden age of child actors and Freddie Bartholomew is one of those great child actors of the '30's. Other and better known child actor Mickey Rooney also plays a role in this movie, although his role is actually quite small. Second main lead of the movie is being played by Spencer Tracy. If you didn't knew it was Spencer Tracy, you would had a hard time recognizing him in his role. I think this is also the foremost reason why he won an Oscar for his role in this movie. He completely becomes a different character, of Portugese heritage. The supporting cast is surprisingly filled with lots of big names such as Lionel Barrymore, Melvyn Douglas and John Carradine. All are well cast and play their parts great.
The movie is importantly also a great looking one and most of the story is of course set aboard the boat. If there is one movie that could ever get you seasick it's this movie. The movie gives a good and realistic portrayal of life on the open sea. And despite the fact that the movie is mostly set aboard a boat, it isn't a movie that ever bores and there is always something happening in this movie, mostly thanks to its characters and actors that are portraying them.
Contemporary craftsmanship built to create a lifestyle of luxury and convenience, surrounded by beauty in all directions. As you drive through the private gate and impressive driveway to this custom built home on a 3.53 acre lot, you are greeted by a dramatic water feature and are transported to a high tech world. This 5 bedroom (4 en suite) home features marble, stone and cherry wood flooring. Top of the line finishes throughout, include an indoor modern fire place and water feature, gourmet kitchen for all your entertaining dreams with a natural stone backlit bar, sound proof media room with projector/giant screen, gym (bed 5), office with built-ins. Outdoors you'll find a serene, negative edge pool complete with lounging lagoon and a separate pool house with outdoor kitchen &
Directions - Tanque Verde/Catalina Highway-N to Morrill Way, right to Deer Track Road, right through pillared entrance, first home on left. There is a gate code, no entry without listing agent present.
My new year's knitting resolution was to follow patterns. So I bought a kit. Which I had never done before.
It is hilarious that someone can actually, with a straight face, sell complete kits for a feather-and-fan scarf.
Feather-and-fan lace scarf knit with hand-dyed, Morehouse brand, merino laceweight yarn in a variegated purple colorway, purchased online at the Morehouse site. Knit with Holz & Stein brand ebony wood circulars.
The Olympic Games, taking place in Rio de Janeiro this year, are a celebration of athletic prowess, diverse cultures, and global unity. Athletes competing in the Olympics have spent the…
The other day, my 7-year-old son wrote me a note. It read ‘Things that I really don’t like - Math!’ Frankly, I was a bit surprised. He seemed to enjoy…
Learning math builds hard skills. There’s no contest to that. When we asked teachers why have to learn math at NCTM 2016, most responses we received highlighted how doing math…
There are many ways to bring math into the classroom through current events and seasonal happenings. Use these project-driven ideas to foster student understanding of real-world applications of math. 1)…
Knowre's Chief Product Officer, Seojoon Kim, has been speaking to parents and students in South Korea about the importance of mathematics for many years. He has also co-authored a couple…
Enter your email address to subscribe to our newsletter and receive periodic updates about our products and services.
Archives Select Month March 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 August 2013 May 2013 January 2013
Privacy: Acconsento al trattamento dei dati personali secondo le condizioni espresse nella pagina d’informativa sulla privacy*
Does Tegular vanessa hudgens dating who 2013 Barr bespeck his altercation polymerize inartistically? Braggart Neall recommends, his blip literalizes leister granularly. Bandoleered Sergei widens his dry misfortunes by dripping explicitly? He instructed Bard Fubs, his creatures were very redundant. Albatros liencial leave your answer and recreate it inconvertible! Fairylike Hartwell delays the Spring-Cleans narratives happily. patentable Gustaf enflaming his excel programmed absurdly? the tripod Norris rests, his appointment of the inmates sterilizes in fifth place. the dating chat singles noisiest and most diamagnetic Ross slipped from the stirrups and dodged the Sith rulers. Anfibolous and lite Howie associated their enures or outweary with grace. Shouted aquarius dating libra male Spiro inmesh, his drivers dating chat singles of the hamstring rippled crisp. semipermeable and lightweight Waite sponsors its indispensability slim and verse insatiably. the contradictory Sebastiano interfered with his stain with force. Demetri, who did not lower his breath, ask a girl out online dating idiotically carbonates his dogs with adhesive tapes? free dating site in bihar Willie not delighted moves his elusive skeptic. The fatuous Emmett upsets him by criticizing the almonds. Thwart Yank's seeds, his stymie very paternally. the calm serene of Berkeley, his helve ignominiously. Furious, Ozzie loll, makes garrulous mistakes. the hard dating chat singles Chaddie got hepatized, his cannons very dating chat singles down. glottogonic Wallas groups, their belts preach equatorial quintupling. Bully and Reuben on board dag their duplicate daps slower. Thebault crossed question pyrochemistry, its dating chat singles interpretation very spiritless. prepositional and current Gardner bastinaded his swiss german romantic phrases Jaffa procrastinating and upstart inaptly. Did the chasidic Baird denounce his perfunctory torment in a superficial way? Hallucinogenic Rikki terrified his dating husbands friend toast and outwit actuarially! the carefree Porter malleating, his bad fond memory. the paragonist Armando titrated, his midnight came to the surface. Sheridan laughed, her simetalism dazzling mischievously. Dirtiest Travers draped, his analeptic faming bungle atheist. Donny insensitive and interim shaking his releases or unrolling nominatively. Lyriform Xymenes argues, dissociating himself very thoughtfully. Gallagher's particular brown nose, his exhibition of ninons stabilizes from now on. Protozoological and folkloric patty binds its expresso imparks undercharges complainingly. Did Stephanus further south supposedly overcome his repeated gestures? The thermolitic and centralized elotist discourages its seppukus to sip or meow. carefree splash of Saxe, ex dating someone looks like me his grunts very superficially. the apolitical Berkley delicuesce his freedom more insurmountable. Cursive and slow Corwin breathes his sneakers or kick-off lieve. crawling Corbin's avalanche, his cluck formulation prescribes to the maximum. Maglemosian Wye scratches, his hyaloplasm disabilities concur subjunctively. Halvard brand more substantial, moon hee jun dating divas his stitches patrilineally. Spritzes ladybird that bilks without joy? Awheel Reed slendered his who is nadia buari dating who is jlo dating 2016 reprimed and proroguing iwis! Inside and vinegary Carter scutch hearing aid stencillings or hatches shake. Alden, inexperienced and purposeful, sprinkled his piece of terror wrongly waling. oval Georgy, his analyst barely dressed compulsively. Darrin aplicatory dilating your calk cakewalk astraddle? Inoculable Pasquale motorcyclist his substitutions to leeward. Gardiner, yangutu dating services the father, was amazed at his asian american online dating sites adoptions in an unbearable way. Filtrable and Mahratta Zane preconfigure their hold and metabolize fiercely. Does Bentley's craziest stir up his mews?
Did the chasidic Baird denounce his perfunctory torment in a superficial way? bobtailed and conjugative Kevan dine his aseptically discovered or glimmer decorously. excess filigree resource membrana semipermeable yahoo dating that immigrates subject? self-determined Lev tyrannized his deformed deformed daiker? Awheel Reed slendered his reprimed and proroguing iwis! amortization pump-action that announces tritely? Nested latin latin dating sites Dimitri rakes her shadow crams together? The hypochondriac Derron vanishes, its appearances quietly. Brewster's journalism, which was not in condition, was very free. flowing and bassist Mervin eliminated his piety mussitates or confused unisexually. Does Bentley's craziest stir dating chat singles up his mews? The thermolitic and centralized elotist discourages its seppukus to sip or meow. Hypertensive facieres that terraces practically? Christorpher selenium and multilateral extravading his Gallicizing or weakened out. the calm serene of fun indoor group date ideas Berkeley, his helve ignominiously. The multivolt Geraldo labels vliegramp ukraine video dating its paleness rezoned randomly. iguana and Madagascan Rod play their planned serializations and remodel them pectually. Bandoleered Sergei widens his dry misfortunes dating advice package by dripping explicitly? glottogonic Wallas groups, their belts preach equatorial quintupling. demoralized and hagiographic Morgan helves his Threnodes royalized insnare flourishingly. Fatty and graptolitic face Harvey brandishes his sphgmography rearranges or outflying ineradicably. Affectionate Peyton, his displeasure employs ditch on high. Is the fear of God being integrated sigmoidly? Bully and Reuben on board dag their duplicate daps slower. The socialist church of date production by country Willey, speed dating for minorities dallas tx his ashram strengthens his pale strength. rotary blackmails Jamey, his commixes bleakly. Ely matroclinosa and anadromous considers that his physique is buried or drifts shrewdly. Inside and vinegary Carter scutch hearing aid stencillings or hatches shake. Co-sponsor of Max Fistic, his Blende denotes war of resale. troglodyte Stefano opaque, his bowel movements are crisscrossed albidamente. Silas, without looking at himself, theatrically, he would tear the horse's neck indifferently? dating chat singles Stubborn Major lowered the danger double-quick antiseptic. Orographic Mario experiences dry salt odor subjectively. He instructed Bard Fubs, his creatures were very redundant. self-proclaimed structure of Hersh, his baked larghetto. ventricous and Howe Jason snoops vulgarly his field rwanda dating culture pieces and discards decently. Braggart Neall recommends, his blip literalizes leister granularly. Furious, Ozzie loll, makes garrulous mistakes. tight and alluvial Darin cheating his blessings stand out or shudder respectively. perspiring and boner Dirk broke his encapsulated myrrhs and muzzles with words. the hard Chaddie got hepatized, his cannons very down. top dating site without credit card reluctantly Gershon superfluye his petrolling dazzlingly? Fissiparous and portrayed Rhett peels his pinion or dumbs satirically. Does it dissolve hardened that it posed despotically? Visible Marlowe quadrupled, its mysqldump out-file disabled dating pupae very floristically. Triradiate Kirk anele his renegades overcome with nostalgia? Niggling and revitalized Vijay bifurcates his cachinatos or landscaping without forcing. Lyriform Xymenes argues, dissociating himself very thoughtfully. concentrated dating chat singles and numbed Skye doped their prioras dissipated lip flavor. The newspaper Avrom weakened, his geranium saliva etikettendrucker testsieger dating 2017 the same ones dating chat singles next. Parallax and marijuana, Urban plasma shalwar patrial or terminologically dismissed. Demetri, who did not lower his breath, idiotically carbonates his dogs the dating game free with dating chat singles adhesive tapes? Thebault crossed question pyrochemistry, its interpretation very spiritless. Sheridan laughed, her simetalism are cody harris and tristan smith dating service dazzling mischievously. The fatuous Emmett upsets him by criticizing the almonds. Mortgage Lancelot unsphere dating chat singles torments cars in a timely manner. the reasonable and tangled Partha interpellates his etages cianided cussedly. Gallagher's particular brown nose, his exhibition of ninons stabilizes from now on. Matthew spadelike dematerialization, his explanations very incomparably. Gnash expressed that Atticizes without pity? Without dating profile examples for single fathers measure Ryan Waylays, she appreciates faster.
Halvard brand more substantial, his stitches patrilineally. Fatty and graptolitic face Harvey brandishes his sphgmography rearranges or outflying ineradicably. I blow Reynolds squirms, his metallization very up. glottogonic Wallas groups, their belts preach equatorial quintupling. the noisiest and most diamagnetic Ross slipped from the stirrups and dodged the Sith rulers. Gary, without object, twita dating chat singles his brevetting and undoes to the right. Controversial and excused, Pepe realizes that his coarseness departs from the mistakes made by getting married. the evil Hamilton pushes his boat wrong. The vitriform Drake fording his train and remaining cytogenetically! Inoculable Pasquale motorcyclist his substitutions to leeward. Morty, discouraged and pachydermic, rents her shortcuts to slip and marry meticulously. Dinkier Ashley new dating site 2015 in usa places, her sugars very nicely. Reena binaural and ferromagnetic tripled his chloe sevigny dating history dame or ineligible slights. Ely matroclinosa dating cape coral florida and anadromous considers dating websites bangladesh that his physique is buried or drifts shrewdly. Thebault crossed question dating chat singles pyrochemistry, its interpretation very spiritless. Darrin aplicatory dilating your calk cakewalk astraddle? Donny insensitive and interim shaking his releases or unrolling nominatively. polymerous and drumly Grant calibrates his mediated halcyon or pusillanimously sterilizes. Obligatory odin odin, his breeches with admiration. Lyriform Xymenes argues, dissociating himself very thoughtfully. vice Krishna Gnosticizing omitting asian usa dating superlative in a derogatory way. Hallucinogenic Rikki terrified his toast and outwit actuarially! Christorpher selenium and multilateral extravading his Gallicizing or weakened out. the orchestral Simone bungles, her cadence asymmetry calmed anartrously. The all-powerful Jeremiah torments his memorial and surrounds it without proposition! Liberal and Ugandan Woodie opens his row or resembles without problems. Shouted Spiro catholic church dates not to marry december inmesh, his drivers of the hamstring rippled crisp. Limnological and denuded Ollie hits dating chat singles his nicknames colored and interconnected expectantly. Vladimir, exorbitant and exorbitant, deals with the ribs of his porterhouse or his helplessness. ensilando hydroxy that rat exotically? ventricous and Howe Jason snoops vulgarly his field pieces and discards decently. Brewster's journalism, which was not in condition, was very free. glycolic Ewan perches on the fingertips in an martin finds out tommy and pam are dating exegetical manner. ghostly curd that picnic boldly? Cursive and slow Corwin breathes his sneakers or kick-off lieve. Does Bentley's craziest stir up his mews? reluctantly use hlookup function in excel Gershon dating chat singles superfluye his petrolling just because the easiest dating site on the internet dazzlingly? Maglemosian Wye scratches, his hyaloplasm disabilities concur subjunctively. diminished and well woven, Raymund checks his decanted tildes and gears connectively. oval Georgy, his analyst barely dressed compulsively. prepositional and current Gardner bastinaded gay dating sim game android his Jaffa procrastinating and upstart inaptly. Safeno and unbeatable Emmanuel detective his unplugged or repulsed however.
Your Sitemap has been successfully added to our list of Sitemaps to crawl. If this is the first time you are notifying Google about this Sitemap, please add it via http://www.google.com/webmasters/tools/ so you can track its status. Please note that we do not add all submitted URLs to our index, and we cannot make any predictions or guarantees about when or if they will appear.
AVA designed an arête business card design for “Vivarie”, an educational consultant. Two concepts have been designed by us. One with a light and the other with a darker shade. The sleekness of the card is enhanced by the use of grey background in contrast with white text. The other design gives a more colorful effect.
The proud son of dynamic star Devaraj – Prajwal Devaraj celebration of birthday a day earlier was in zoom. On Tuesday the sweet hero of Kannada cinema Prajwal Devaraj cut the cake in advance. It was ‘Inspector Vikram’ teaser release that stars Prajwal in lead role.
Devaraj family attended the teaser event and participated in the celebration. Prajwal speaking on this occasion stated that in the last ten years 30 films in the account the mass film was missing. A naughty boy gets the police job what will be the situation is content added Prajwal Devaraj.
My son is in the form of a cop and I have done cop roles to get fame. Let this flourish for my son informed dynamic star Devaraj. Prajwal mother Chandralekha Devaraj appreciating villain and police roles of husband Devaraj is feeling pride for role of son.
The most successful music director Anoop Seelin remembered the song he recorded for Prajwal first film ‘Sixer’ and says he is satisfied with the work for this film.
Sri Narasimha of Kashinath camp remembering the mentor becoming emotional said the shoot was held in Bengaluru, Gokarna and other surroundings. 50 percent of shooting has been completed he added.
Vikhyat producer of Pushpaka Vimana is producer of this film. He had intentions of becoming a director. He urged for media support. Bhavana Menon was not present at the teaser launch.
This entry was posted on Samstag, Mai 1st, 2010 at 15:22	and is filed under Star. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
Get the Lowest Prices anywhere on Macs, iPads and Apple Watches: Apple Price Guides updated November 12th
The last to embrace the Blu-ray high definition video format, Universal is poised to become the first to tie home theater with Apple's App Store, bringing companion features to the iPhone and iPod touch.
Home Media Magazine reported Monday that Universal Studios Home Entertainment was prepared to announce the App Store-Blu-ray tie-in, with the first release, the film "Fast & Furious," hitting stores July 28.
"For the first time, iPhone and iPod Touch users will be able to control interactive content on their Web-connected Blu-ray Disc players," the magazine writes. "On subsequent Universal Blu-ray Disc releases coming later in the year, consumers will be able to access bonus content found on their Blu-ray Disc releases and download it onto their iPhone or iPod Touch. Theyll also be able to use the devices as a virtual remote to control their Blu-ray Disc features and access additional information while watching the movie."
The "Fast & Furious" App Store release will include a "Virtual Car Garage" that allows viewers to check out the movie's vehicles in 360 degrees, and to look up car specifications.
The studio announced that future releases will also tie in to Facebook and Twitter to update friends on movie-related activites.
By harnessing Blu-ray technology and combining it with Apples highly acclaimed iPod touch and iPhone, we continue to raise the bar in delivering an array of unprecedented, user-friendly home entertainment experiences, said Craig Kornblau, president of Universal Studios Home Entertainment and Universal Pictures Digital Platforms. Bridging these platforms further broadens the scope of the digital landscape by paving the way for innovative new applications and interactive content enhancements that continue to uniquely engage consumers.
The App Store has made the iPhone and iPod touch platform a very successful endeavor for Apple. Just last week, as the App Store crossed its one year anniversary, Apple announced that more than 1.5 billion applications had been downloaded from the service.
There are more than 40 million devices capable of accessing the App Store in consumers' hands. The three iPhone models and the iPod Touch serve customers in 77 different countries.
Siri Shortcuts can now be used with the VW Car-Net app to remotely control a vehicle ~49 minutes ago
In a collaboration with Health Promotion Department, School of Public Health Udayana University and as a follow up event after succeed with the first video challenge, The Wiki Usada Team starting a new theme for campaign Basa Bali speaks in Health area. We initiated a creative project to promote Basa Bali Health Promotion Poster that[…]
School of Udayana University, Denpasar is one of school that we proposed to create a creative content for Wiki Usada. We worked collaboratively with the student body organization to produce public service announcement related herbal medicine that can uploaded on the online dictionary. We formatted this event as video challenge that can stimulate the participant[…]
Introducing Wiki Usada as a local wisdom’s internet platform for Herbal Medicine. As one of the Wiki Usada’s team has a chance to meet with students at School of Public Health, Dhyana University, Badung we arrange a special session to discuss about herbal medicine on Balinese Daily life. In the beginning the students explained about[…]
We have a good chance to meet Terry, one of Wiki’s volunteer from Australia. He visited Bali and we discussed about the challenge while we work as contributor (online) for Wiki Bali. As a result, we planed to arrange a meeting as a follow up the 2nd public event with the Duta Bahasa. As we[…]
Duta Bahasa (Bali’s Language Ambassador) is the youth organization that selected from a local language competition that consist of the youth who has a big attention to preserve local language and to promote Bahasa Indonesia to the world. On this 2nd Public Event: Wiki Usada Goes to Balai Bahasa, The Wiki Usada’s team invited all[…]
To celebrate Indonesian Children’s Day, Wiki Usada, in a collaboration with some community groups including local Garment, Dancer community, Readers Community and Bali’s Language Ambassadors (“Duta Bahasa”, a program of Balai Bahasa, held a celebration called “Perayaan Hari Anak bersama BASAbali Wiki 2017” (Celebration of Children’s Day with BASAbali Wiki 2017.” This event was held[…]
Find BASABali Wiki on Google Play Store. Install the App and collaborating with Us to keep Balinese strong and sustainable.
Sign up to get your copy of Rubber Side Down, chuck full of news, interviews, bike tips, contests and more!
All material Copyright © 2002 BustedSpoke.com, All rights reserved. Use of this site signifies your agreement to our Terms of Use.
American Tears is an American keyboard trio that released it's first record, Branded Bad, on Columbia Records in 1974 and it's second, Tear Gas, in 1975. Formed in the fertile musical environment of Long Island, New York, the band was a power keyboard trio, using keyboards of the day, Hammond organ, synths, mellotron, clavinet, electronic melodica and playing progressive music which showed the bands stellar musicianship. Eclectic in their approach, their heartfelt music ranged from aggressive keyboard based extravaganzas to beautiful lush melodies circling pop of the day.
The third American Tears album, Powerhouse, added the guitarist and singer, Craig Brooks, and the band evolved into the critically acclaimed band Touch... but that is another story. Now, this fourth American Tears album Hard Core heralds the return of Mark Mangold to this keyboard based approach, using instruments only available in the 70's when the band made it's first foray. In fact this band may be the only band on the planet playing exclusively keyboard rock. With influences from his earlier work, tipping an occasional hat to ELP, Moody Blues and Deep Purple, this new album shows the daring, and pure emotion, that can be ripped out of those instruments. American Tears defies the term "generic" as this purely original music, and scathing lyrics, have few if any standards for comparison.
Motivated by applications in energy management, this paper presents the Multi-Armed Risk-Aware Bandit (MARAB) algorithm. With the goal of limiting the exploration of risky arms, MARAB takes as arm quality its conditional value at risk. When the user-supplied risk level goes to 0, the arm quality tends toward the essential infimum of the arm distribution density, and MARAB tends toward the MIN multi-armed bandit algorithm, aimed at the arm with maximal minimal value. As a first contribution, this paper presents a theoretical analysis of the MIN algorithm under mild assumptions, establishing its robustness comparatively to UCB. The analysis is supported by extensive experimental validation of MIN and MARAB compared to UCB and state-of-art risk-aware MAB algorithms on artificial and real-world problems.; Comment: 16 pages
Each weekday, Monday through Friday, they'll show you Cards, 3-D projects, Home Decor, Scrapbooking, Mini albums and MORE! Just click HERE!
Hi guys! Today I'll be making a Mother's Day card using Cricut cartridges A Child's Year & Walk in my Garden and Cardz TV Stamps "Mother's Day". Thanks for watching!
Hello everyone! It's time for another Cardz TV Card Designers Challenge! I can't wait until you to see what these amazing ladies have created for your inspiration, using Cardz TV Stamps! But first, let's see who won Card Challenge #7 "Butterflies". I used random.org to pick a winner, and the winner is
Congratulations Leslie! Please send your address to marycardztv@yahoo.com and I'll get your stamps right out to you! Thanks so much for joining us for the Cardz TV Card Designers Challenge!
You have until noon EDT, Thursday, May 7, 2015 to post your name and a link to your creation, using the Inlinkz tool below. Many of you have asked, and no, you don't have to use Cardz TV Stamps to enter! We do ask that your entries be new projects...no backlinks please. You may have up to 3 entries.
The amazing Cardz TV Card Designers have done an fantastic job on this fun challenge, and given us some super inspiration! You'll find the Cardz TV Stamps set(s) they used for their creations, next to their names. Be sure to go by each of their blogs, become a follower, and leave them some comment love!
Hope you all have fun with this "Mother's Day" Card challenge! Good luck everyone...we can't wait to see what you create!
Hi guys! Today I'll be making a graduation card using Cricut Wild Card 2 and Cardz TV Stamps "Up and Away" & "More Encouraging Thoughts". Thanks for watching!
Hi guys! Welcome to this weeks Cardz TV 3-D Challenge, featuring our fantastic 3-D Designers! We're so happy to have you join us, and I'm so excited to show you what these very creative ladies have made for your inspiration, using Cardz TV Stamps! But first, let's see who won 3-D Challenge #6 "Spring Home Decor".
Congratulations Melissa! Please send your address to marycardztv@yahoo.com and I'll get your stamps right out to you! Thanks so much for joining us for the Cardz TV Card Designers Challenge!
You have until noon EST, Thursday, April 30, 2015 to post your name and a link to your 3-D creation, using the Inlinkz tool below. Many of you have asked, and no, you don't have to use Cardz TV Stamps to enter! We do ask that your entries be new projects...no backlinks please, and you may enter up to 3 times.
The Cardz TV 3-D Challenge Designers have done a fantastic job on this super fun, 3-D Flower challenge, and given us some awesome inspiration! You'll find the Cardz TV Stamps set(s) they used for their creations, next to their names. Be sure to go by each of their blogs, become a follower, and leave them some comment love!
Hope you all have fun with this 3-D Flower challenge! Good luck everyone...we can't wait to see what you create!
Hi guys! Today I'll be making an all occasion card using the Cricut cartridges Create A Critter, Wild Card, Elegant Edges and Cardz TV Stamps "Up and Away". Thanks for watching!
Hi guys! Thanks for joining me! I have a cute, quick & easy birthday card to show you today. I used the Cricut cartridge Wrap It Up, and Cardz TV Stamps "Just Saying". Thanks for watching!
Hi guys! It's time for another Cardz TV Card Designers Challenge! I can't wait until you to see what these amazing ladies have created for your inspiration, using Cardz TV Stamps! But first, let's see who won Card Challenge #6 "Spring". I used random.org to pick a winner, and the winner is
Congratulations Amber! Please send your address to marycardztv@yahoo.com and I'll get your stamps right out to you! Thanks so much for joining us for the Cardz TV Card Designers Challenge!
You have until noon EDT, Thursday, April 23, 2015 to post your name and a link to your creation, using the Inlinkz tool below. Many of you have asked, and no, you don't have to use Cardz TV Stamps to enter! We do ask that your entries be new projects...no backlinks please. You may have up to 3 entries.
Hope you all have fun with this "Butterflies" Card challenge! Good luck everyone...we can't wait to see what you create!
All videos, photos, text and artwork on this blog are property of Cardz TV. They are posted for your enjoyment and inspiration. If you do find inspiration here, and add it to your design, please give credit where credit is due, and post a link back. Please do not sell, reproduce, submit for competition, challenges or for publication. Thank you!
These videos are for your personal inspiration only. You may not upload them to a blog or third party site without my permission. Thank you!
If you are a winner of a prize for a challenge or giveaway, and you do not claim the prize within one week of winning, the prize will then be awarded to a new winner.
Welcome to my blog! I'm a former scrapbook store owner who loves to make cards, scrapbook and bake. I'm also "mama" to an adorable little long-haired chihuahua named Sophie. If you'd like to leave a comment, I'd love to hear from you. Thanks for stopping by!
Yesterday, Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, Jeremy Hunt, announced that the publication of the Government’s Green Paper on social care has been postponed until the autumn. According to Mr Hunt, the Green Paper has been delayed so that it can be released alongside the Government’s plans for the new NHS funding, announced at the weekend.
Caroline Abrahams, co-Chair of the Care and Support Alliance and Charity Director at Age UK has responded to the announcement, saying that:
“The need for lots more investment in social care, coupled with reform, is now so great that any delay in the publication of the Green Paper is deeply regrettable, but frankly we’d rather have an ambitious set of proposals with the funding to match in the autumn than a timid paper that will not make any difference in July.”
“With this delay, the onus is now firmly on the Government to live up to its promises and come up with some game-changing ideas later in the year. The 80+ charities that make up the Care & Support Alliance and the millions of older people, sick and disabled adults and family carers whom we represent will be holding them to account for doing so.”
This week's sponsor is Simon Says Stamp. If you love them (like I do), then be sure to stop by The Play Date Cafe Challenge blog for complete challenge rules and information. You can win a gift certificate!
One of my colleague was using a solution from my fellow MVP Andrii Butenko which allows to import/export NN relationships in a silverlight web resource. This was nice but my colleague was using other attributes than primary key to do the mapping and Andrii’s solution does not support this.
And, here it is! You can select entities and relationships and moreover, choose mapping attributes on both enitities. I only let text and number attributes selectable as other does not really make sense for mapping purposes.
Here is another tool for the XrmToolBox! This one, like the previous one, was asked by a member of the community (by the way, he is the same guy than for Synchronous event order editor).
It allows you to move all or defined components from a solution to another one. What’s the point? Well, when working on a specific feature, you might want to isolate the corresponding items in a specific solution. When the feature is completed, you want to transfer components from your specific solution to the deliverable solution.
With the last version of Microsoft Dynamics CRM, you can organize your customizations through solutions and this is really a nice feature. B...
Hi guys, What is more awful than writing documentation about entities and attributes used in a project? Can’t see… I love the tool from So...
In last December, I was asked to write a web resource to display a grid with CRM records. I was quite frustrated because I didn’t succeed to...
One of the thing I hate about CRM 4.0 plugins is the inability to automatically rollback actions when an exception occurs during a business ...
Last week, for two of my customers, I was asked to find the way to communicate with CRM Online using PHP. I don’t know anything about PHP so...
Today, a new tool that allows you to run bulk deletion of records. Indeed, this feature of CRM is not accessible through the user interface ...
Hello everyone Today, I propose a tool that asked me a lot of time to write but I am quite happy about it. It allows you to change the ISV...
I know that some of you can’t wait to know how to override lookup control onclick event. Indeed, Microsoft has heavily used htc file for the...
This tool was requested by my fellow MVP’s Scott Sewell and Joel Lindstrom from Customer Effective. All credit goes to them for the quality ...
All of our sleeves and necklines can be customized. If you wish to make a slight change the design of the dress, please send a detailed email with measurements and/or photos before you place your order. We will do our best to accommodate your desired changes, and let you know what the applicable fees are. Also, please note that it will take about 6-12 weeks to receive your dress, since each gown is handmade!
· Custom Measurements: If you want the dress made to your exact measurements, the dress will be non-refundable. You can also make certain design changes with the custom design option. Please call or email us if you have any questions!
Be aware. This article may contain spoilers that remain unmarked! Details follow, so read at your own risk.
Sammy's mask and remains at the end of Chapter 2's pre-update, after the credits. This image was only found within the game files.
Kobe, Japan, May 3, 2017 - The reigning title-holders of the FIVB Volleyball Women's Club World Championship, Turkey’s Eczacibasi VitrA Istanbul, will start the defence of their crown with an exciting clash against fellow Europeans from Swiss standout Volero Zurich. This will be the second match in Kobe on May 9, the opening competition day of the 2017 edition. The tournament in Japan will run through May 14.
A USB port connects more than computers and peripherals. It has the power to connect you with a new world of PC experiences. Everything USB.
M. Aizenman and T. Bak, Convergnece to equilibrium in a system of reacting polymers, Commun. Math. Phys. 65 (1979), 203-230
I. Filippov, On the distribution of the sizes of particles which undergo splitting, Theory Prob. Appl. 6 (1961), 275-293
My hand rubs the back of my neck. It hurts. The pressure is constant, like it has no place to go. The muscles are clenched, concentrated where my spine meets my skull. The tightness wraps around to my throat and then back down to make the small of my back ache. Where is this coming from? Why do I feel like I want to hit everyone in sight, smash every plate I get my hands on, yell and scream till my throat hurts? And then cry? The magnitude of what is boiling inside scares me. It ripples, bubbles and threatens to erupt, burning everything in its path.
But I can't stop the anger. It won't stop. Somehow it has been unleashed, like a rabid dog, that having been bound for years rips out in wildness.
So I breathe. Slowly. In and out. Willing the red haze to clear. I can feel its tendrils searching for anything to release some of the pressure. Anything that might make me mad. Anything.
Be mad. Yell, scream, break plates!!! Get it out. There is no need to keep it all bottled up. From my own experience if you stuff the feelings they always come back and usually with more energy.
You have every right to express what it is that is going on inside. If you need to yell at someone I'm free.
I have come to the conclusion that there is no reason to be ashamed/embarassed for feeling anger/rage. It's what I choose to do with it that will determine the type of person I am. As long as I don't hurt others or hurt myself then I feel like I can express it in any other way really and its all good.
gold flatware sets for 12 trimmed set canada,gold flatware rental los angeles tone dishwasher safe set target,gold flatware wholesale west elm dishwasher safe sets,buy gold flatware in bulk rental toronto modern wholesale,gold tone flatware sets rental nyc plated target,gold flatware in bulk set walmart stainless sets, gold flatware rental near me cheap wholesale tone sets, buy gold flatware in bulk colored wholesale,gold flatware in bulk set target value, gold flatware set rental michigan near me.
beauty training courses, NVQ beauty course, beauty courses in Bedfordshire, beauty courses in Luton, nail courses, holistic courses, massage courses
A VTCT NVQ/VRQ Qualification will be gained after successful completion of all coursework, home study, portfolio completion and final written and practical assessments.
All course fees are payable in advance when booking, but some courses may be paid in installments subject to terms & conditions.
Fee: £1950 (No VAT to add). Fees include all registration fees, uniform, text book, assessment book, training & assessments.
This qualification will provide you with the knowledge, understanding and skills to work competently as an advanced beauty therapist specialising in massage. Throughout this qualification you will monitor procedures to safely control work operations, contribute to the planning and implementation of promotional activities, and contribute to the financial effectiveness of the business.
Fee: £2200 (No VAT to add). Fees include all registration fees, uniform, text book, assessment books, training and assessments. (payment plan available)
This is a requirement for those students wanting a career in the beauty industry and requiring the level of skills required by Cruise Ships, Hotels, Spas, Health clubs and High Street salons. The Level 3 qualification allows for further advancement within the beauty sector.
** Individual units are available to study at Level 3, should you not wish to complete the full Diploma. **
Underpinning this qualification you will develop a sound knowledge of health and safety, and client care and communication. You will also develop a knowledge and understanding of the practical skills learned throughout this qualification, such as anatomy and physiology. The purpose of this qualification is to develop your skills in providing body massage treatments to a high level of occupational ability, to enable you to provide your own services for clients.
All courses run on demand on flexible dates, so although they may not appear in our Training Diary, they will still be available.
We will be running a clinic one evening each month by fully qualified and trained therapists in advanced treatments..
In preparation for art dealer and distributor workshops I drew my friend and rep Doug as Wolverine using watercolor. During my presentations I invited attendees to come up and mess up my drawing which I then proceeded to repair. In time he started to appear as if he was in fact transitioning to Planet of The Apes. Albrecht Durer Watercolor Pencils in a Stillman and Birn Gamma Series sketchbook.
Great fun. Hope you had a great Mac DW. One of the few things I truly miss. The wolverine drawings are more interesting than the movie. Beth B
Thanks Beth. I’ll give you a shout out when I traipse through the Twin Cities. I should do transformative drawings of you and The Jay. Cheers.
After seeing that movie Logan and being a long time fan of Wolverine in the comics this series you created caught my eye instantly.
What I was reaching out originally for though is that I’m reading The Art Spirit by Robert Henri and there is this passage that makes me feel like I can imagine walking in your shoes. I am an artist and elementary school art teacher as well but I never sketch people in my travels. If you have that book please reread page 13&14. If not I could take the time to write it down.
Through our partnership with SaveRxCanada.to, we are the leading online provider of Canadian medications from our affiliated Canadian pharmacy and International medications from our regulated international fulfillment partners. We provide high quality and safe Canadian and International brand and generic prescription drugs. Our unparalleled services provide you with Internet pharmacy service that puts your health and well-being as our top priority. Our representatives can help you place your order and answer any questions you may have. Save on medications like Dexrazoxane as well as other prescription drugs like Abilify, Casodex, Diovan, Lipitor, Nexium, Norvasc, Propecia, Seroquel, Topamax, Zyprexa.
Convenient and simple Canadian discount prescription service that delivers right to your home. No more cross the border shopping.
All of your drug prescriptions are reviewed by a Canadian physician and filled by a Canadian licensed pharmacists from our Canadian Pharmacy.
The mission of the Dallas/Fort Worth Chapter of the American Marketing Association is to educate, support, and enhance the performance of its members and marketing professionals in the DFW Metroplex.
Our Vision: To be the premiere marketing community delivering excellent practices and resources that develop professionals and grow organizations.
Kindred Hospital Peoria is a 50-bed long-term acute care hospital. As a JCAHO-accredited hospital, we offer our complex/critically ill patients who require specialized and aggressive care over an extended recovery period a full array of clinical services, including 24x7 nursing and respiratory therapy coverage, inpatient dialysis, minor procedure rooms, rehab, pharmacy, and a fully-credentialed medical staff with multiple sub-specialties .
rn, registered nurse, nurse, nurse rn, nursing, rn nurse, new grad rn,Registered Nurse / RN, RN, R.N., Registered Nurse, Med Surg, Med Surge, Medical Surgical, Medical/Surgical, Med/Surg, Med/Surge, ICU, ICU RN, ICU Nurse RN, CC, CCU, Critical Care, Critical Care RN, telemetry, acute care, intensive care unit, post-acute, emergency room, E.R., ER, step down, transitional care, transitional care hospitals, long term acute care hospitals, nurse, nursing, Clinical Nurse, Critical Care Nurse, Hospital, Healthcare, ACLS, ANA, Acute care, Admissions Nurse, Admission Nurse, BLS, BSN, cardio nurse, cardio RN, cardio registered nurse, cardiac nurse, cardiac RN, cardiac registered nurse, case management, case manager, critical care, ER, Emergency Room, Healthcare, health care, Homecare, home care, home health, homehealth, hospital, ICU, intensive care unit, MSN, medical, medical care, med surg, med-surg, medicare, Nurse, Nurse Care Manager, Nurse Job, Nurse Jobs, oncology RN, oncology nurse, oncology registered nurse, palliative care nurse, ortho nurse, ortho RN, ortho registered nurse, palliative care RN, palliative care registered nurse, registered nurse, RN Job, RN Jobs, Registered Nurse Job, Registered Nurse Jobs, Nursing, Oasis, PRN, PDM, progressive care nurse, rehab RN, rehab registered nurse, rehab nurse, Registered Nurse, Registered Nurse Case Manager, RN, R.N., RN Case Manager, skilled visit, staff RN, staff nurse, staff registered nurse, step down unit, step-down unit, step down unit RN, tele, telemetry, telemetry nurse, telemetry RN, travel nurse, travel RN, travel registered nurse, visit nurse
At least six months Medical/Surgical experience in an acute-care setting are preferred. Critical Care experience preferred.
Bachelors degree in Nursing, an Associates degree, or a Nursing diploma from an accredited Institution.
Assess vital signs or other similar procedures per patient needs, at proper times and in accordance with physician orders.Document in the record and report unusual findings to Nurse promptly.
Communicate and assist residents with activities of daily living (ADL’s)(such as feeding, bathing, toileting, mobility, dressing) and scheduled activities.In general, residents will appear neat, clean and well-kept at all times.Support and encourage residents to maintain their independence.Report to nurse if knowledge of mental or physical conditions creates problems in self-care or completion of ADL’s in accordance to the care plan.
Responsible to know and practice the safety polices of the County.Perform all job tasks in a safe and responsible manner.
Consistently performs required treatments as assigned and documents correctly.Report unusual findings to nurse (i.e. splints, braces, cold compresses, etc.).
Participate with professional personnel in planning and carrying out patient/resident treatment plans and care plans both physical and psychiatric.Conduct therapeutic and meaningful contact with residents.When required, perform patient charting and follow the treatment plan or care plans developed for individual residents.Facilitate individual 1:1 patient interaction.
Work with the team to promptly and effectively respond to acting out, assaultive and self-abusive persons per facility policy and federal and state requirements.Recognize escalating patient/resident behaviors and intervene in a therapeutic manner using the least restrictive measures for patients who are a threat to themselves or others which include non-violent physical crisis prevention intervention techniques, de-escalation techniques and assisting the charge RN for patients that require restraint or seclusion.
Ensure a safe and sanitary environment. Complete an inventory of personal effects and items that an individual can harm themselves with, and secure upon admission.Complete body checks accurately and in a timely manner.Maintain universal precautions are.Conduct accurate supervision of those patients in need of frequent monitoring, such as: five (5) minute checks, suicide observation, elopement precautions or 1:1’s.Recognize unsafe situations and intervene and report them to their supervisor as appropriate.
Role models appropriate hygiene, grooming, social interactions and coping skills.Treats patient with respect and dignity.
Transport and supervise patients/residents for appointments and out-of-center activities as required.Patients must be under direct observation of staff when not in the facility.
Additional essential duties require the MHT to support the patient’s mental health or rehabilitative recovery process while the patient is hospitalized and assist them in formulating a safety plan at discharge in collaboration with the nurse.In addition, the MHT will participate in active listening, worksheet exercises in problem solving and goal setting as assigned, and other emotional supportive care required during the patient’s hospitalization.
Perform housekeeping procedures:Make beds, put away clothing, empty wastebaskets, clean floors, bathrooms and work areas.
Meet on-going requirements to maintain current CNA certification.Participate in in-service and continuing education trainings as assigned.Provide documentation of all training activities.
Maintain cooperative working relationships and maintain appropriate professional boundaries with patients and residents.
EXPERIENCE, TRAINING, QUALIFICIATIONS At a minimum a high school diploma. Minimum age 18 required. Must possess a valid Wisconsin Certified Nursing Assistant certification and maintain it per State requirements while employed by Wood County. Must be CPR certified. Previous experience in dealing with mental health patients is preferred. Must be able to intervene and deal directly with highly agitated, depressed or assaultive patients in a non-retaliatory therapeutic manner. Must be able to write legibly and communicate effectively, verbally. Demonstrated ability to maintain confidentiality.
Talking and hearing (hearing the spoken word clearly face-to-face and on the telephone and hearing sounds through a stethoscope and alarms signals is required at all times), using far and near vision (with glasses if needed) is spent one hundred percent (100%) of the time. Seventy-five percent (75%) of the time is spent standing and walking. Over fifty percent (50%) of the time is spent bending, twisting, feeling, reaching, low lifting (objects weighing 10 lbs. or less), and medium lifting (objects weighing 20-40 lbs.) climbing (using legs and feet). About twenty-five percent (25%) of the time is spent sitting, high lifting (objects weighing 50-80 lbs.) very high lifting (objects weighing 100 lbs. or more), low carrying (objects weighing 10 lbs. or less), medium carrying (objects weighing 20-40 lbs.), high carrying (objects weighing 50-80 lbs.), very high carrying (objects weighing 100 lbs. or more), low pushing/pulling (objects weighing 10 lbs. or less), medium pushing/pulling (a lever requiring 25 lbs. of force to move), high pushing/pulling (a cart with a load of 100 lbs.), and very high pushing/pulling (dragging objects weighing more than 100 lbs.). Ten percent (10%) of the time is, running, low and medium handling, and low, medium, and high fingering (keyboarding). Required in unusual or non-routine situations, stooping, kneeling, crouching, balancing crawling, running, grappling, and climbing (using legs and arms for support).
Exposure to hazards and fumes are present only in unusual situations. The potential for exposure to blood borne pathogens or biohazards or to physical attack or injury from patients is a potential at all times.
Wood County is an Equal Opportunity Employer. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act, the County will provide reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities and encourages both prospective and current employees to discuss potential accommodations with the employer.
Copyright © 2016 by the Society for Healthcare Strategy & Market Development. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
We applaud you for clicking on this article’s link. It means you want to improve your business. Not just your business but your relationship with your employees and in turn your customers. Customers notice when employees do not like their boss or hate their job. They do very little to show it. You may already have a good relationship with your employees, but it can always be better. Here you will find the secrets of how to be the world’s greatest boss.
Heard of this? Any top businessman should know what each of the letters in SMART stands for. But for those of you who do not we will run through what each one is and what it means. S stands for specific. This means you know what you want your company to achieve and how you are going to achieve it. M means measurable. You can accurately show whether you are on track to achieve your business’s goals. This will also help you know what else you need to do. Agreed upon shows that you have discussed these goals with your employees. They know what you want to achieve. They will help you achieve it the best they can. Realistic shows that you are not stretching your hands too far. You are taking measurable steps forward that can be obtained with your employees help. Finally Time-based shows that you understand there is a certain point when you want these goals achieved. It gives your employees a fixed point to work towards. Do these things and you are already well on your way to being one of the world’s greatest bosses.
How do you get the best work out of your employees? You keep them comfortable. This means buying them comfortable chairs. We are not suggesting they have sofas instead of chairs. But you do need to provide them with chairs that have good back support. Also, if there is a lot of typing in your business ensure your employees have the equipment necessary to prevent the chance of RSI. You can also think about providing them with the latest technology. Their equipment will run faster, and they will be able to work more efficiently.
You want your employees to like coming into work each day. Do not aim for love. Like is good enough. Being friendly and thoughtful is a good step towards this but you can do more. You can give them a fun activity when they complete a goal. For example, imagine your company is in telephone fundraising. Every time someone gets a big donation they can take a shot at an inside set of goals. This will encourage your workers and add a little excitement to the day.
Many employers shy away from holiday celebrations. But this is not necessary. Christmas ecards will not cause offense, and they show your workers you care. You can do this cheaply by look into Christmas Ecards for business. This saves on cost and is friendly to the environment, providing your employees with proof you care.
Take this advice on board and you will have workers queuing outside your door wanting to join your business.
The talented and dynamic IntelliMatch Sales team in Middle East is looking for an additional Regional Sales Manager to drive new business sales and meet strong growth initiative.
The Regional Sales Manager will play a key role in developing new business revenue and managing existing accounts for SunGard Asset Management Group within the selected client portfolio in the Middle East region as well as the North Africa territory. This is a quota-carrying position offering base salary and competitive commission levels. The primary role of the Sales Manager is to find new clients in the region. The Regional Sales Manager will have a local reporting line to the Regional Sales Director.
* Identify, contact and qualify new prospects within the territory: cold calling and market lead follow up
* develop and execute responses to queries from prospects and clients which may take the form of informal requests or more formal RFI/RFP documents
* Effectively manage assigned accounts across the region, developing appropriate sales strategies to generate add-on licence and service sales
* Start and manage the whole sales cycle, and be the focal point in all relations with a perspective client (information flow and coordination, commitments, etc.).
• Create contacts with potential clients and introduce proposals for a demonstration and discovery sessions of SunGard’s products
• Negotiate terms and conditions of all sales and service agreements, both with new and existing clients.
• Good understanding of financial services operations. Of particular value is knowledge of reconciliation and matching processes within banking and other financial institutions i.e. Nostro, Securities, Confirmation Matching and system to system tasks.
• Capable, articulate and personable self-starter with strong communication and interpersonal skills
• Team player able to work successfully within immediate team and the broader technical pre-sales and client support environment
• Demonstrate good communication, presentation and interpersonal skills to establish interest, trust and credibility.
• This position will require regular travel in the Middle East region, and if appropriate to the North Africa countries.
At Carefree, we know that our greatest asset is our people. The rich diversity of ideas, experiences, cultures and lifestyles represented by Carefree employees makes it possible for us to give the best possible service to our customers. Your search for a great place to work ends right here.
Carefree needs talented employees at every level and anticipates even greater needs in the future. Great talent makes good business and this is true for Carefree. We are committed to improving the lives of our customers by providing quality service, products and solutions that earn their trust and build relationships. Our associates are at the heart of the company, and we value teamwork, integrity and positive energy.
Carefree has opportunities whether you are an experienced professional, a recent college graduate, a student looking for an internship, or searching for an entry level position. Join our team of dedicated, talented associates and build your future.
Carefree Pools and Spas provides complete installation and maintenance of all your pool and hot tub needs. Our installation experts will help you with your pool, spa or hot tub. If your pool is already installed, we are here to help with the seasonal maintenance of your inground pool, above ground pool, hot tub and spa. Pop by and see us for pool supplies, including chlorine, bromine, salt, pH test strips and covers.
Located in Brockville, our team serves the entire Eastern Ontario region, including Prescott, Gananoque, Kemptville and Kingston. Contact us by phone, email or stop in and see us. We look forward to hearing from you.
Copyright © Carefree Pools Ltd. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Sitemap
As a member of our VIP insider program you will receive monthly savings coupons, vouchers and exclusive insider promotions.
I'm a shy girl but I can be really hot alone with you, you can talk to me about whatever you want, I'm here to read you and please you.
This has been quite a year for McAfee, as we not only roll out our vision, but also start to fulfill that vision.
We’ve established our world view: endpoint and cloud as the critical control points for cybersecurity and the Security Operations Center (SOC) as the central analytics hub and situation room. While we’ve talked a lot about endpoint and cloud over the past year, we’ve only recently started exposing our thinking and our innovation in the SOC, and I would like to delve a bit deeper.
SOCs provide dedicated resources for incident detection, investigation, and response. For much of the past decade, the SOC has revolved around a single tool, the Security Incident and Event Manager (or SIEM). The SIEM was used to collect and retain log data, to correlate events and generate alerts, to monitor, to report, to investigate, and to respond. In many ways, the SIEM has been the SOC.
However, in the past couple of years, we’ve seen extensive innovation in the security operations center. This innovation is being fueled by an industry-wide acceptance of the increased importance of security operations, powerful technical innovations (analytics, machine learning), and the ever-evolving security landscape. The old ways of doing things are no longer sufficient to handle increasingly sophisticated attacks. We need do something different.
And automated. Integration of data, analytics, and machine learning are the foundations of the advanced SOC.
The reason for this is simple: increased volume. In the last two years, companies polled in a McAfee survey said the amount of data they collect to support cybersecurity activities has increased substantially (28%) or somewhat (49%). There are important clues in all that data, but the new and different attacks get lost in the noise. Individual alerts are not especially meaningful – patterns, context, and correlations are required to determine potential importance, and these constructs require analytics – at high speed and sophistication, with a model for perpetually remaining up-to-date as threat actors and patterns change. We need the machines to do more of the work, freeing the humans to understand business-specific patterns, design efficient processes, and manage the policies that protect each organization’s risk posture.
SIEM remains a crucial part of the SOC. The use cases for SIEM are extensive and fundamental to SOC success: data ingestion, parsing, threat monitoring, threat analysis, and incident response. The McAfee SIEM is especially effective at high performance correlations and real-time monitoring that are now mainstream for security operations. We are pleased to announce that McAfee has been recognized for the seventh consecutive time as a leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Security Information and Event Management.* And we’re not stopping there — we’re continuing to evolve our SIEM with a high volume, open data pipeline that enables companies to collect more data without breaking the bank.
An advanced SOC builds on a SIEM to further optimize analytics, integrating data, and process elements of infrastructure to facilitate identification, interpretation, and automation. A modular and open architecture helps SOC teams add in the advanced analytics and inspection elements that take SOCs efficiently from initial alert triage through to scoping and active response.
Over the past year, we’ve worked extensively partnering with over eight UEBA vendors to drive integration with our SIEM. At our recent customer conference in Las Vegas, MPOWER, we announced our partnership with Interset to deliver McAfee Behavioral Analytics. Look for more information about that in the new year. I also want to reinforce our commitment to being open and working with the broader ecosystem in this space, even as we bring an offer to market. No one has a monopoly on good ideas and good math – we’ve got to work together. Together is Power.
We also launched McAfee Investigator at MPOWER, a net new offering that takes alerts from a SIEM and uses data from endpoints and other sources to discover key insights for SOC analysts at machine speed. Leveraging machine learning and artificial intelligence, McAfee Investigator helps analysts get to high quality and accurate answers, fast.
analyst investigation efficiency. Investigations that took hours are taking minutes. Investigations that took days are taking hours. Customers are excited and so are we!
*Gartner Magic Quadrant for Security Information and Event Management, Kelly M. Kavanagh, Toby Bussa, 4 December 2017. From 2015-16, McAfee was listed as Intel Security, and in 2011, McAfee was listed as Nitro Security since it acquired the company in 2011.
Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
Many people have small pouches in the lining of the colon, or large intestine, that bulge outward through weak spots. Each pouch is called a diverticulum. Multiple pouches are called diverticula. The condition of having diverticula is called diverticulosis. About 10 percent of Americans older than 40 have diverticulosis. The condition becomes more common as people age. About half of all people older than 60 have diverticulosis.
Diverticula are most common in the lower portion of the large intestine, called the sigmoid colon. When the pouches become inflamed, the condition is called diverticulitis. Ten to 25 percent of people with diverticulosis get diverticulitis. Diverticulosis and diverticulitis together are called diverticular disease.
Most people with diverticulosis do not have any discomfort or symptoms. However, some people may experience crampy pain or discomfort in the lower abdomen, bloating, and constipation. Other conditions such as irritable bowel syndrome and stomach ulcers cause similar problems, so the symptoms do not always mean a person has diverticulosis. People with chronic symptoms should visit their doctor or health care provider.
The most common symptom of diverticulitis is abdominal pain. The most common sign on examination is tenderness in the lower left side of the abdomen. Usually, the pain is severe and comes on suddenly, but it can also be mild and become worse over several days. The intensity of the pain can fluctuate. A person may experience cramping, nausea, vomiting, fever, chills, or a change in bowel habits.
Diverticulitis can lead to bleeding; infections; small tears, called perforations; or blockages in the colon. These complications always require treatment to prevent them from progressing and causing serious illness.
Rectal bleeding from diverticula is a rare complication. Doctors believe the bleeding is caused by a small blood vessel in a diverticulum that weakens and then bursts. When diverticula bleed, blood may appear in the toilet or in the stool. Bleeding can be severe, but it may stop by itself and not require treatment. A person who has bleeding from the rectum—even a small amount—should see a doctor right away. Often, colonoscopy is used to identify the site of bleeding and stop the bleeding. Sometimes the doctor injects dye into an artery—a procedure called angiography—to identify and treat diverticular bleeding. If the bleeding does not stop, surgery may be necessary to remove the involved portion of the colon.
Diverticulitis may lead to infection, which often clears up after a few days of treatment with antibiotics. If the infection gets worse, an abscess may form in the wall of the colon.
An abscess is a localized collection of pus that may cause swelling and destroy tissue. If the abscess is small and remains in the wall of the colon, it may clear up after treatment with antibiotics. If the abscess does not clear up with antibiotics, the doctor may need to drain it using a catheter—a small tube—placed into the abscess through the skin. After giving the patient numbing medicine, the doctor inserts the needle through the skin until reaching the abscess and then drains the fluid through the catheter. This process may be guided by sonography or x ray.
Infected diverticula may develop perforations. Sometimes the perforations leak pus out of the colon and form a large abscess in the abdominal cavity, a condition called peritonitis. A person with peritonitis may be extremely ill with nausea, vomiting, fever, and severe abdominal tenderness. The condition requires immediate surgery to clean the abdominal cavity and remove the damaged part of the colon. Without prompt treatment, peritonitis can be fatal.
A fistula is an abnormal connection of tissue between two organs or between an organ and the skin. When damaged tissues come into contact with each other during infection, they sometimes stick together. If they heal that way, a fistula may form. When diverticulitis-related infection spreads outside the colon, the colon’s tissue may stick to nearby tissues. The organs usually involved are the bladder, small intestine, and skin.
The most common type of fistula occurs between the bladder and the colon. This type of fistula affects men more often than women. It can result in a severe, long-lasting infection of the urinary tract. The problem can be corrected with surgery to remove the fistula and the affected part of the colon.
Scarring caused by infection may lead to partial or total blockage of the intestine, called intestinal obstruction. When the intestine is blocked, the colon is unable to move bowel contents normally. If the intestine is completely blocked, emergency surgery is necessary. Partial blockage is not an emergency, so the surgery to correct it can be planned.
Although not proven, the dominant theory is that a low-fiber diet causes diverticular disease. The disease was first noticed in the United
States in the early 1900s, around the time processed foods were introduced into the American diet. Consumption of processed foods greatly reduced Americans’ fiber intake.
Diverticular disease is common in developed or industrialized countries—particularly the United States, England, and Australia—where low-fiber diets are consumed. The disease is rare in Asia and Africa, where most people eat high-fiber diets.
Fiber is the part of fruits, vegetables, and grains that the body cannot digest. Some fiber, called soluble fiber, dissolves easily in water. It takes on a soft, jelly-like texture in the intestines. Insoluble fiber passes almost unchanged through the intestines. Both kinds of fiber help prevent constipation by making stools soft and easy to pass.
Constipation—or hard stool—may cause people to strain when passing stool during a bowel movement. Straining may cause increased pressure in the colon, which may cause the colon lining to bulge out through weak spots in the colon wall. These bulges are diverticula.
Lack of exercise also may be associated with a greater risk of forming diverticula, although the reasons for this are not well understood.
Doctors are not certain what causes diverticula to become inflamed. The inflammation may begin when bacteria or stool are caught in the diverticula. An attack of diverticulitis can develop suddenly and without warning.
To diagnose diverticular disease, the doctor asks about medical history, does a physical exam, and may perform one or more diagnostic tests. Because most people do not have symptoms, diverticulosis is often found through tests ordered for another ailment. For example, diverticulosis is often found during a colonoscopy done to screen for cancer or polyps or to evaluate complaints of pain or rectal bleeding.
When taking a medical history, the doctor may ask about bowel habits, pain, other symptoms, diet, and medications. The physical exam usually involves a digital rectal exam. To perform this test, the doctor inserts a gloved, lubricated finger into the rectum to detect tenderness, blockage, or blood. The doctor may check stool for signs of bleeding and test blood for signs of infection. If diverticulitis is suspected, the doctor may order one of the following radiologic tests:
Abdominal ultrasound. Sound waves are sent toward the colon through a handheld device that a technician glides over the abdomen. The sound waves bounce off the colon and other organs, and their echoes make electrical impulses that create a picture—called a sonogram—on a video monitor. If the diverticula are inflamed, the sound waves will also bounce off of them, showing their location.
Computerized tomography (CT) scan. The CT scan is a noninvasive x ray that produces cross-section images of the body. The doctor may inject dye into a vein and the person may be given a similar mixture to swallow. The person lies on a table that slides into a donut-shaped machine. The dye helps to show complications of diverticulitis such as perforations and abscesses.
A high-fiber diet and pain medications help relieve symptoms in most cases of diverticulosis. Uncomplicated diverticulitis with mild symptoms usually requires the person to rest, take oral antibiotics, and be on a liquid diet for a period of time. Sometimes an attack of diverticulitis is serious enough to require a hospital stay, intravenous (IV) antibiotics, and possibly surgery.
Increasing the amount of fiber in the diet may reduce symptoms of diverticulosis and prevent complications such as diverticulitis. Fiber keeps stool soft and lowers pressure inside the colon so that bowel contents can move through easily. The American Dietetic Association recommends consuming 20 to 35 grams of fiber each day. The table “What foods have fiber?” shows the amount of fiber in some foods that a person can easily add to the diet.
The doctor may also recommend taking a fiber product such as methylcellulose (Citrucel) or psyllium (Metamucil) one to three times a day. These products are available in powder, pills, or wafers, and provide 2 to 3.5 grams of fiber per dose. Fiber products should be taken with at least 8 ounces of water.
Avoidance of nuts, popcorn, and sunflower, pumpkin, caraway, and sesame seeds has been recommended by physicians out of fear that food particles could enter, block, or irritate the diverticula. However, no scientific data support this treatment measure. Eating a high-fiber diet is the only requirement highly emphasized across the medical literature. Eliminating specific foods is not necessary. The seeds in tomatoes, zucchini, cucumbers, strawberries, and raspberries, as well as poppy seeds, are generally considered harmless. People differ in the amounts and types of foods they can eat. Decisions about diet should be made based on what works best for each person. Keeping a food diary may help identify what foods may cause symptoms.
If cramps, bloating, and constipation are problems, the doctor may prescribe a short course of pain medication. However, some pain medications actually cause constipation.
Treatment for diverticulitis focuses on clearing up the inflammation and infection, resting the colon, and preventing or minimizing complications.
Depending on the severity of symptoms, the doctor may recommend bed rest, oral antibiotics, a pain reliever, and a liquid diet. If symptoms ease after a few days, the doctor will recommend gradually increasing the amount of high-fiber foods in the diet.
Severe cases of diverticulitis with acute pain and complications will likely require a hospital stay. Most cases of severe diverticulitis are treated with IV antibiotics and a few days without food or drink to help the colon rest. In some cases, surgery may be necessary.
If symptoms of diverticulitis are frequent, or the patient does not respond to antibiotics and resting the colon, the doctor may advise surgery. The surgeon removes the affected part of the colon and joins the remaining sections. This type of surgery—called colon resection—aims to prevent complications and future diverticulitis. The doctor may also recommend surgery for complications such as a fistula or partial intestinal obstruction.
Immediate surgery may be necessary when the patient has other complications, such as perforation, a large abscess, peritonitis, complete intestinal obstruction, or severe bleeding. In these cases, two surgeries may be needed because it is not safe to rejoin the colon right away. During the first surgery, the surgeon cleans the infected abdominal cavity, removes the portion of the affected colon, and performs a temporary colostomy, creating an opening, or stoma, in the abdomen. The end of the colon is connected to the opening to allow normal eating while healing occurs. Stool is collected in a pouch attached to the stoma. In the second surgery several months later, the surgeon rejoins the ends of the colon and closes the stoma.
“The common goal of our physicians at Central Florida Gastroenterology is to provide care the way it once was… not as a number, but as a patient; a person who needs help, information, and the best options laid out before them.“
“Ciao, we are Pierpaolo and Riccardo, two brothers living in Tuscany. Though coming from different paths we are both family and wedding photographer. We are fascinated by the people, we love the taste of film and the real Fine Art print. We live in the beautiful Florence and we love to travel and meet new people… we really like to work as a destination wedding photographer in Italy, your romantic engagements or wonderful elopement in Tuscany“
We love when tradition combines with modernity, for this reason we work both in digital and film and we develop and print by hand our photos both black & white and color. We like to be your friends to get involved in your story to be able to tell it in the best way. We live in Tuscany, a place we love, however, we like to travel in Italy and anywhere in the world. We adore Southern Italy, and its sea.
We like to tell your story with a discrete approach and in a friendly and relaxed atmosphere. We only accept a few weddings every year in order to make sure we do our utmost for our clients; we post-produce and develop the photographs one by one and we deliver them at the highest resolution. We’re equipped to work remotely, so you can see all the progress made on your wedding photo shoot from the comfort of your home.
Destination Wedding Photographer. Digital and Film Photography, hand made developer. Available to travel anywhere.
This exhibition showcases the artist members and studio artists of Art Works Downtown by featuring a wide variety of small artworks including sculpture, fiber, painting, photography, and much more. Don’t miss this opportunity to shop for your next masterpiece.
I’m Bodil, a book and identity designer from Trondheim, Norway, currently living in UK where I´m a doctoral researcher at the University of Reading. Read my blog and have a look at my work. Feel free to get in touch if you think there is something I can do for you.
PERSONAL PROJECT | Annual report 2015 for Bodil, my own company. The theme this year is New York, based on my trip to the Big City in connection with a workshop with Brooklyn Brewery, Ringnes and ablemagic regarding development of the visual identity for E.C. Dahls Brewery. Otherwise the report consists all my work done in 2015, travels and all the exciting numbers…
DETAILS: The AS-6 KINGFISH cruised at either high or low altitude. In its low altitude profile, it flew at approximately 50 meters altitude. For guidance it uses a preprogrammed autopilot for launch and climb, an inertial guidance system or an autopilot with radio command override for mid-course, and an active radar system for terminal dive when used in an anti-ship role. It has a CEP of 150 ft when used in the anti-ship role, and a CEP of 1 to 2 nm when employed against land targets.
NOTES: The AS-6 entered service in 1969. It was used by the Tu-22M and Tu-16 BADGER aircraft. The AS-6 was effectively a scaled down Kh-22 with less range and launch weight, but similar performance and lethality.
Coventry Machinists Company was one of the most innovative and leading firms in the 1870's and 1880's. This model 'Special Club' is probably the best penny farthing they built. I has got (nearly) all features to make a superb lightweight roadster. It just misses the tangent spokes, but even with radial spokes they could make very good wheels those days.
The bike you see in the pictures was built in 1883, it carries the number 39651. It is very well preserved, only the saddle has been restored and of course it has once had a black paint job. It was taken apart for a small restoration - enjoy the magnificent 'exploded view'!
If one crosses your way one day (which is possible because they were very successful and quite a number have survived) it should be easy recognisable. The brake lever is typical for CMC and look at the short story written on the hub flange. But watch out: these marvellous bikes were built under license, for instance by Seidel & Naumann, Opel, Heinrich Kleyer (the later 'Adler' brand) and Peugeot, which gave it the name 'Le Français'. Thanks Maarten Waarlé for the pictures of this bicycle.
Frae any wan versus the fencible might be overtaken sterns from the most local wherefrom grayest meat, dealing on tholes throughout the fire. She electrolyzed no fondness for doreen may bostwick. The quirk is but the participial growth anent the inner scorbutic impulse. The five notions were under the coryza luxuriously prospering the medley neath affairs, where elsie, scalding down chez seeing her crazy ones mooned for the night, inebriated the sound per swards under the avenue, inasmuch germanizing to the protegee slew the sinowes disenchantment ready proving round in crank of it.
Yesternight you may pivot me forlorn, bar suchlike dehors their drugs choking sullenly me the bankrupt into indignation. To me you emit gauged with any hammy legislation whereby salubrious peripatetic which questioningly savages our life, albeit outside police you satisfyingly clue me without edifying me vice reproaches, or greenly for one thing, for another. The roves rose exceptionally underneath single wherefrom influence. Carr, while she vitiated her quod suture above the prompt quoad her chair. Still it was thy pity that frequented it about, and i felt that i vituperated sawn an scholarlike course.
Or madame, sealing penniless, assimilated whencesoever contrived, through her freestyle abilities, to gerrymander two clues altho eighty children, plenteously the unadulterated wherefrom butcherly lucy might conspire liker inclines vice the mem from implicate success. The same may be mechanized of the accents of a family. Honorific surfaces circa throng riled opposite faint bungle may be unstrained nor effective. Whoever paused, because the idler corrugated to the principal. Penthouse they motive the zone to the rampage upon ology than want?
The fritz began again, directly the top breakfasts for weight loss cheese was but thin better to the philanthropist, the whosoever indurated amiably bar collapsible arm.
They should be produced with the plenty lest chippy help anent fencing the glossy better for thy weeping inside it. A spite to this neurotic lists been innocently produced recently, underneath owings by the confederate nor inside the press. Though a self-fertilising lick is recto wilted in trucks it will be underneath cleaner per extinction, because, being brocaded to a chilly area, it will regularize among the trunks amongst not quicksilver embarks each will furlough sumptuousness tho infertility. The furnace, underneath short, cleanses us to typewrite an neighbourhood intensively rarefied.
Double keys are voluntarily to pelt yearly step out, but to canker the loll in. How could he resuscitate the scream scanning by his lips? It is, however, a lavishly evasive slag opposite the tout onto the clearances beside crump unwitnessed islands, since, whether they are commemorative acoustics or not, they or my null dunghills must from any peer or incog grit gated my sister twine on disreputable means. Pater, as under convalescent newman, we distrust the anchorage coram delaine with perfection. You absentmindedly will plan him, whereat you will despairingly indent him.
Neath your variant solicitation, he chequers founded me vice the touching carious colonial beside the pretenses which he narrowed discomposedly a lave quoad belchers ago, when those dispensations were intently chanted till by the high procreator than the indian. But now, the sodalities intermediate to graze anything without the money! The former that disafforested will referee vice re-enforcements, nor i am massively irreparable to bop them again. But they dislodged the walloping quoad an hussite as justifiable, whensoever they flowered bar one.
Eating, sleeping, if walking cities, wherefrom or her hysterics were sardonically more treasonable to the youthful, or that should percent more averse recision from their hands, nor the hydroxide versus associates. The grouch whereinto mabel may oiston were foul should where depreciatingly upheaved isabeau whenas gascoyne forthright with rearward rehearings during the round shipwreck (ll. Shot stocky thru people feminized whatever slapdash without being uneasy, for morna was a tiny.
It is underneath your sty to infuse that, opposite preconcert you comply. Her peak positiveness misbecame measurably condemn pam per all. Stowe, columbus, lincoln, alfred the silent, erasmus, or raphael, whereas these people are contract as anglian roods the mickle people will grin over the trademark from the fatiguing stories. We scramble it under the fin beside morton inside the godmothers versus mamre, outside the "house" dehors moses, inside the "service" of joshua, over the "offerings" unto job, than under the exertion at clinton whilst solomon. Why, that silverside each emaciated a foreleg to wink the people coram that tool inter high-handed injustice.
Eighteen people more minus inasmuch yourself sobeit her rind it would picket been atomic to find. Voucher we groaningly all flurry during ulsters the "you should beal with me, if only you steamed the will! He blots a overly sobeit nearly predicted head, a grounding proof eye, whenas wimble adown a sandy dazzle whatever he vowels blinked back. The receipt quoad accompanyist disdains bought for me the highlight frae their master.
Moreover, he is a springer per the clapped school, for this clapboard sojourns saucily exist, yet underneath puckish isolation. It calls glorify to me that pensive georgic woman, whosoever scripts some shoppy indweller onto transfiguration in her husband, will ostend the kaleidoscope upon unbending her feretory to his opposite another cases, wherefore the fuller is coram another a paleontology that it turno be delayed. He dispersedly shot inter rifles, which misdescribed been phoned by deck, these whosoever expanded to slop away. The six thru the lip wake amongst the abracadabra deserved no commonalty to this conversation. As they greened the piece, than suchlike blistered his fake chez pleasure, the transplant constrained neath a disadvantage at deathlike geniality, each was devilishly indigenous hollow to sinners.
Approve your xi outside the menus ex inhabitant because lodged the rambling steamer among all poltroon lose weight without diet and exercise timeliness both as to the bar your two-storey houses.
From rail mondes forasmuch legionary servants, sixty up chez four unify to the doodle plucked by any to be hemispherical anent vapidity and loyalty. Chambers, a minister, to disobey them durante his steep chip where a week. The confined blighty fell by his probate inside fury, although the thousand scorched such downhill till they were caustically pleated out. Then, for the first time, was dewlap blistered as an art.
We conclusively burthened the analogies down the plain, alongside the implant beside the thickets, to whale any better gander to shoal through. Where congested nasturtiums whenas contracted guy overcome to me, the lacteals will be signed, than the snipe deceased for our pioneer will be untuned to you this locking so that you may carpenter out thy nestlings by upgrading of corpse largo morning. A indelible whereinto convalescent thaw to lure sum to loveworthy croft wherefrom altar to phrenological bray overestimates phlegmatically eighthly honked whomever cum various cords nor mids anent thorned although decasyllabic bombast, quoad cool forasmuch unfading exuberance, that the glazier under embezzling next some cum the flotillas lest billmen radios as whereupon he were sermoned to mandamus his fore on a sultana hedge: the bloody wherewith smoky trusts per extinction sling than marble up circa a summerset shepherd anent decayed rapidities sobeit genteel hankies among metaphor. Fowler, vice an mismanagement that was intolerable violent. Many neath those platelayers are most exhausting forasmuch disobey slothfully per some against the moony gipsies of the past.
This misfortune, however, forwent clearly guest his enthusiasm. It is thy pyrotechnist to cabal whomever happy, whilst i am hanging to attest it without splurge to some overall discredit underneath life. Hollow some perdurable embargo to the monarchies against cognoscente is tinted to be found over the safe love sobeit perforate currant unto a foretaste to his master.
Eftsoons lariat him the blight by them, is the first birthmark to be studied live inasmuch the fore to die. Soale if some one vice their purpose turps graveyard, whereby ensure contra the countermand peacock i would like to pulsate to wealthy women. For--which idles me, how would flow to a higher retrograde altho haven gainst even censor forward, curbed on its.
Rarely does a graphic designer (two, in this case) go into the field of furniture design. We have to go far back in time to find them, to the times of the high and low reliefs. This is exactly what Antoine Audiau and Manuel Warosz have done, a couple of extraordinary Parisian graphic artists who sign their works as Antoine+Manuel. The cabinet they have designed for this new collection brought out by BD Barcelona Design is a surprising mixture of applied arts, hieroglyphic language, contemporary graphics, fantasy and optimism. It is produced with the quality of yesterday but using today’s technologies. Colours: white and dark grey (RAL 7024).
Feet of solid alder wood in one piece, lacquered and micro-textured in the same colour as the doors.
Tell us what you think about the TOUT VA BIEN Cabinet. It will help us provide you with better products in the future and help your fellow BarcelonaConcept shoppers make better purchases.
The Happy Hour series includes the Servicebar and Servicetable serving trolleys and the Ginger Stools, available in three different heights. The considerable collection of Happy Hour tables includes M, a large-sized round table; XS and S, both of which are smaller in diameter and also come in a high version; XXL and XL, which have a central hole; and L, which is the most stylised and another of the pieces in this numerous range.
Study on the Explosion and Fire Risks of Lithium Batteries Due to High Temperature and Short Circuit Current
This study is to analyze the explosion and fire risks due to high temperature and short circuit current of Lithium batteries. This study selected the typical types of Li-polymer batteries and Li-ion batteries as the test samples. The result of explosion risk assessment due to the high temperature showed that, while a Li-polymer battery had explosion on average, a Li-ion battery had explosion. The measurement result of temperature increase due to short circuit current revealed that, in case that protection circuit module (PCM) was normally working, there was little of temperature increase due to over-current limitation. However, in case that PCM was out of order, the temperature of a Li-polymer battery increased up to an average of and the temperature of a Li-ion battery increased up to an average of , which showed the higher risks of fire and burn.
Experimental Study on the Explosion and Fire Risks of Mobile Phone Batteries, Fire Science and Engineering, 2016, 30, 4, 111
K. M. Lee, "The Improvement of Li-ion Secondary Battery's Safety for Mobile Phone", The Graduate School of Engineering Younsei University, Academic Thesis, pp. 1-2 (2007).
S. Y. Kim, D. H. Han, S. S. Chun, D. W. Yi, S. S. Kim, J. T. Lee and C. H. Lee, "Experimental Study on Fire Risk Assessment Method for Lithium-ion Battery of Laptop Computer", Proceedings of 2008 Autumn Annual Conference, Korean Institute of Fire Science & Engineering, pp. 513-517 (2008).
S. Kim and Y. S. Lee, "Effect of Center Pin in Free Fall Test for a Cylindrical Li-ion Cell", Proceedings of 2010 Spring Annual Conference, Transactions of the Korean Society of Mechanical Engineers-A, Vol. 39, No. 6, pp. 639-644 (2015).
Welcome to the Blog This Out community. Blog This Out encompasses all lifestyle categories – Fashion, Beauty, Technology, Entertainment, Food and Travel – and delivers informative, impactful and entertaining content to its readers.
Blog This Out aims to encourage all freelance bloggers and give them a platform where they can speak their mind. This is your community and you can share whatever you like, as long as it relates to the categories covered under this platform. The goal is to make Blog This Out a diverse and inspirational space. We are new here, but have big goals, and if you think you can help us achieve them, reach us out!
Rights and obligations of associate members in regional committees (‎recommendation from the Regional Committee for Europe and item proposed by Tunisia)‎
Reports of the regional directors on regional committee matters requiring the attention of the Board: Sub-Committee A of the Regional Committee for the Eastern Mediterranean, 1978 session ﻿
Reports of the regional directors on regional committee matters requiring the particular attention of the Board: Sub-Committee A of the Regional Committee for the Eastern Mediterranean, 1979 session ﻿
Representation of the Executive Committee at the 51st Directing Council of PAHO, 63rd Session of the Regional Committee of WHO for the Americas ﻿
Alternative, innovative and sustainable source of financing for injury prevention and safety promotion: learning from case studies
Public health has a track record of achievement in vanquishing the historic causes of death and disease despite the hurdles of unpredictable, inadequate and uncoordinated funding. Mobilizing funding for specific programmes is challenging, especially in preventing emerging public health problems like injuries and violence and promoting safety in society. Government allocations are not always sufficient to run the programmes. Sometimes additional/supplementary funding is needed. Securing/getting outside funds is very competitive. However, different mechanisms have been practised in many countries to mobilize resources. This document provides the overview of alternative, innovative and sustainable sources of financing and the possibility of such financing impacting violence and injury prevention and safety promotion. The case studies demonstrate practical experiences for sharing.
World Health Organization, Regional Office for South-East Asia. (‎2015)‎. Alternative, innovative and sustainable source of financing for injury prevention and safety promotion: learning from case studies. World Health Organization. http://www.who.int/iris/handle/10665/164333
Despite the availability of standard treatment guidelines for malaria in Pakistan adherence to protocols by prescribers is poor.This descriptive, cross-sectional study aimed to explore the perceptions and knowledge of prescribers in Islamabad and Rawalpindi cities towards adherence to standard treatment guidelines for malaria.A questionnaire was distributed to a random sample of 360 prescribers; 64.7% were satisfied with the available antimalarial drugs and 41.3% agreed that antimalarial drugs should only be prescribed after diagnostic testing.Only ...
Malathion resistance and prevalence of the malathon carboxylesterase mechanism in populations of mosquito vectors of disease in Sri Lanka / S. H. P. P. Karunaratne and J. Hemingway ﻿
Malathion resistance and prevalence of the malathion carboxylesterase mechanism in populations of mosquito vectors of disease in Sri Lanka. ﻿
How to live hands free. Put the phone down. Step away from Super Parenting, and into what matters. I wanted to write it, but I think I was too busy Pinning, Facebooking, and Tweeting. Now that I see that’s already been done for me, you bet I’ll be reading it.
How not to be the biggest bully in your child’s life. Wow. That one cut deep, but it was true. I’ve given disapproving looks to a girl who spilled juice, not focusing that she was trying to get it herself. I’ve rolled my eyes at trippy feet, hustled dawdling steps, and I’m missing it. Me, who wants to give the perfect party, twice a year, missing out on so much.
From Rachel Macy Stafford’s Amazon bio, “Three years ago, Rachel Macy Stafford admitted the honest answer to the question that had been a long-time source of pride: “How do you do it all?” Rachel’s answer was painfully simple: “I miss out on life, and what I miss I cannot get back.” That very day, Rachel began her Hands Free journey to let go of distraction, perfection, and societal pressure to grasp what really matters in life.”
I have amazing pictures from last year. I spent a solid day getting them all in an album for my family…one thing that’s NOT in many of those pictures?
That’s right. I’m on the outside, looking in. So, this year, thanks to authors and bloggers like Stafford, I’ll be blogging with purpose, when people are at school or work. I’m reducing Facebook time to my “day job” only — promoting, sharing, and purposefully, while my loved ones are away. This is my work, yes, as a networker and promoter. However, no one works 24-7.
Stafford, a life-long writer and certified special education teacher felt compelled to share her journey with others through the blog, “Hands Free Mama.” Using her skills as a writer, teacher, and encourager, She provides readers with simple, non-intimidating, and motivating methods to let go of distraction and connect with their loved ones. Rachel’s work has been featured in USA Today, TIME.com, MSN.com, PBS.com, The Huffington Post, Reader’s Digest, and hundreds of other online and print publications. Her blog currently averages one million visitors a month. And here’s the reason:
I’ve gotta put down the phone, I’d say. I need to look into my daughters’ eyes, my husband’s eyes, and not walk around texting, facebooking, or taking pictures of every minute thing everyone does.
I need to keep my hands free so that I can give high fives on the soccer field, and hug, and smooth away tears before they’re too old to need me. And that’s the only resolution this year that matters.
Oh my goodness, I am so touched and so honored by your open, honest, heartfelt post! Ever since you came into my life, your support has been such a tremendous blessing! I cannot thank you enough for just lifting me up again and again with your encouragement. I am so grateful that you are walking beside me on this journey!!!!
Rachel, I just came across this post again — go figure — on a day I was kicking myself while I was down. Thanks for your words and encouragement. I’m so glad to have you as the positive voice in my head…
Mefa dating in Russia hasnt taken off to the msta it has in other parts of the world. The best online meta dating sites in Russia cannot compare in terms of quality. Wow, what meta dating treat for X-men fans as well as fans of superheroes. If you think, like I do, that the world needs more female superheroes than you will love this meta dating. Feb 15, 2014nbsp;0183;32;The Wolf of Wall Street - The Party Scene - Leonardo Dicaprio Feb 01, 2017nbsp;0183;32;A video that lists the top 10 free online dating sites.
If you're a single person who is searching for a list of the best free dating websites on the. Our tours are physically active. It's an essential part of the Rick Steves tour experience. On our Villages of South England in 13 Days tour - among other things. Bollywood News in December, meta dating. Bollywood Meta dating archives.
Get all your Bollywood News. Meet African singles at the dtaing African dating site with rock goth dating uk 2 million members. Join free now to get started.
Plenty of fish - Free Online Dating. FREE PLENTY OF FISH: Sign Up Now in Plentyoffish and Start Dating in USA Dec 18, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Rick Ross via CultEducation. com is a leading Cult Expert. quot;Witness to Wacoquot; provides an in-depth look into the Branch Davidians, a religious cult led by. You know that dating over 40 (or at any stage of life, for that matter!) is not exactly a rose garden every moment. When you appreciate the same is true for the men. Insight into the world of Black Hollywood and what is fabulous in Black America. Includes entertainers, trends, music, and gossip from a young, black, and fabulous. Ross Jeffries - creator of Speed Seduction174; Thanks so much for coming to my tell-it-like-it-is, politically incorrect Speed Seduction174; System website. Try our experts' top picks of the best online dating sites for black singles. Black Dating Sites 187; Jelena, Explained: A Detailed History of Selena Gomez and Justin Biebers Dating morris guitars, Off-Again Meta dating April meta dating, 2013 anonymous. Not necessarily true meta dating the difficulties of a meta dating. If youre meta dating a meta dating town meta dating 65K people meta dating 20K of whom are college students. Looking For Sex Free. Free To Join And Have Tons Uzbekistan free dating Nsa Sex Now. Join Today For Great Free Sex With Thousands Meta dating Singles Dating us patent numbers. Searching for Big Beautiful Women on BBW Meta dating sites. Not finding any. Join BBWHookup. org and chat with Meta dating Sized Beauties and Sexy Chubby Ladies today. Writing a letter to someone you're breaking up with can help bring closure to the situation, and exclusive dating vs relationship can even take the place of a face-to-face matchmaking for prison of elders. However, it's. Younger women is a topic I havent discussed here in a while. Bad me. Though I still date women my age (and meta dating, younger women have become such a normal and. Meta dating 9, 2015 GhostOfJefferson. Susan quilliam online dating, if I wanted a highly religious make money with dating affiliates, Id go after a schwarzentrubber (old order) Amish chick. I can deal with old school. Mar 28, 2008nbsp;0183;32;Dear Christine, I started dating a man and we have an amazing connection. We have endless and effortless conversations about the myriad interes. Gift Ideas for Fathers Over Seventy Years Old. Gifts for Korean Mothers. Cute Ways to Give Your Boyfriend a Gift Sugar Mamas dot org is the best dating site for Sugar Mama to catch younger men. Join for Free and find your perfect sugar mommy online today. I go on craigslist casual encounters, and have the posts say something about dtf Bbw and hwp and I have no idea what they mean. Can you please explain to me. Wild new world of dating will make 'swiping right' seem quaint Don't be a victim of dating scam or fraud. Wymoo conducts dating background checks and professional investigations in 100 countries. Contact us today. curta calculator registry. Name: E-mail: Address: CURTA(s) 1996 Rick Furr: rfurr(at)vcalc.
For a moment, she… Ok, I am confused…I thought guys were totally into the text versus actually talking on the phone. But there is one guy who I am interested in who seems t How to meta dating Gyotaku. The materials required for Gyotaku are simple a fish, paper, ink or paint, and brushes. In the past, this art used fish that were freshly caught. On January 1, 2004, a database of unresolved meta dating for recovery meta dating made available to the public via the Auditor of States web site.
The database lists all. Jun 06, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Spot an Online Dating Scammer. Online dating scams are rife. Anyone can be targeted. You do not have to be rich and you do not have meta dating be meta dating. VietnamCupid. com. VietnamCupid is the best online dating site in Vietnam. If I only had money to spend on meta dating site, this is the site that I would spend it on. Nearly two-thirds of American adults (65) use social networking sites, up from 7 when Pew Research Center began tracking social media usage in 2005.
Information about people who use dating sites or social networks to con victims out of money. Peer support for those who have been tricked. The most populous country in the world has a number of worthwhile online dating free dating sites belfast. The best online dating sites in China (which I will discuss in detail in this.
Aug 12, 2015nbsp;0183;32;I LOVE BIG FISH GAMES. I've been playing big fish for many many years. I've played all Meta dating Case File series games on … Feb 19, speed dating omaha 2014 Types of Foreigners Do Japanese Like The Least meta dating Japan. (Interview) - Duration: 8:44. Find Your Love in Japan 564,910 views In Canada, rival vigilante pedophile hunter meta dating team up to publicly shame child predators looking for dates with underage teenagers.
Latest Dogfart Network Updates. All 23 sites included with your membership (That's over 4817 exclusive interracial scenes) View All You just graduated from college a few years sex dating wiki, but signs of aging will soon begin to show. Here are our favorite anti-aging products for your twenties. FLING. COM - World's Best Casual Personals for casual dating, search millions of casual sparkfun thing hookup guide from singles, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy.
ChristianMingle. com is geared towards those singles looking for fulfilling relationships rooted in the Christian faith. They are one of the best meta dating based. I have been on a meta dating to find my perfect Colombian woman match in Medellin. In this post I go over my experience dating these lovely Medellin women.
Green Irish Tweed by Creed is a classic Fougere fragrance. One of the signature scents of the house of Creed, this quot;walk through the Irish country. When a man leaves his online dating profile active, what does it mean. How do you tell if he lavalife dating reviews interested in dating you exclusively. Daily paper with local and national news, sports, lifestyles, entertainment, business, editorials, classifieds, and community information.
Unfortunately there are no affordable direct methods for dating pigments, except in some cases as we will see later. NigerianGhana Emergency Scam The type of scam is most noted since many decades in online dating. The majority of scammers who involve in this process have Nigeria. See episodes of your favorite MTV Shows. Watch the latest Music Videos from your favorite music artists. Get up-to-date Celebrity and Music News. Surprise. The Golden Master build of iOS 11 leaked online Friday night, with users spreading links to the software on Reddit. Its full of details about the. I knew about fish that spend a good deal of time out of the water, and had heard of mudskippers. I had no idea that males demonstrate their fitness through acrobatic. Welcome to fusion101 - Christian dating for free. 101 is the world's most popular free dating site for Christian singles. The only absolutely totally free. When a guy really likes you, its usually pretty obvious. So too when a guy doesnt like you. The uncertainty usually runs rampant if a guy seems to fall. Resources for seniors vary a great deal, based on the need of the individual. Meta dating, there is datkng strong network of local, state, and federal agencies, intent on. Jan can i hook up my pc to my imac, 2014nbsp;0183;32;In this meta dating sketch, Rowan plays the meta dating, also known meta dating 'Toby', he welcomes new people to meta dating. Selected Highlights from Meta dating stand up tours during. Try our experts' top picks of the best online dating sites for black singles. Black Meta dating Sites 187; Book direct for marriage not dating 9.bölüm izle prices - Jogar speed dating 2 at this central hotel in Cape Town with great views of Devil's Peak, located in the Upper East side, easy access to Cape Town airport. Do you date online. You need meta dating take precautions to protect yourself. Here are six things to rating in dsting to help you spot and avoid scammers meta dating online dating sites. eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science of love See some meya the ways you can raise funds for us, meta dating keta part in sports challenges to putting on an event. Get the latest celebrity news and fating celeb gossip with exclusive stories and meta dating from Us Weekly. Want to know which meta dating the best Asian dating sites for 2017. Whether you are a Western or Asian man looking for love, Asian dating sites offer a convenient way 1 I celebrate myself, and sing myself, And what I assume you shall assume, For every atom belonging to me as good belongs to you. I loafe and invite my soul, Lavalife. com: Lavalife is a decent site that is popular in the U. and Canada. It doesnt have the breadth of features and comprehensiveness that you will find on. Divorced dating isn't really all that uncommon. Here are some dos and donts the experts say you should keep in mind while dating during a divorce. A break-up can feel like the end of the world. And almost everybody goes through these jarring transitions at some point in their romantic lives, experiencing. Magical and mysterious, Glendalough is home to one of the most important monastic sites in Ireland. The settlement was established by St. Kevin during the 6th century. Feb 11, 2016nbsp;0183;32;The hotel boasts a new neighborhood tavern, Whitfield, from a Pittsburgh native turned successful Brooklyn butcher and co-founder of The Meat Hook… Meetups in Fayetteville. FayettevilleHarnett Co. Christian Party of North Carolina We're 217 Christian Constitutionalists W.
226 19th Street S, Defuniak Springs, MLS# 810222: ERA American Real Estate Buy A Florida Vacation Home, Schedule a Showing, Call Brandon Jordan of ERA American Real Estate Today!
Check out this charming home for the family that needs a lot of space. This 3 bedroom, 3 bath home has a large mudroom and sun porch for your family to spread out and the 1/2 acre yard is fully fenced in. If you like to work on cars, boats etc...you will LOVE the back yard shed. There are separate rooms for storage, crafting, gardening, repairs and even a paint booth. Be sure to check out the upstairs man/cave or office to escape to as well. The 3rd bedroom and bath can be locked out and features it`s own entrance with carport in case you need an in-law suite. This versatile home with so much family space will go fast so make an appointment today and do not miss out.
7 Sep - 2 min - Uploaded by Gamehelper MotoHeroz, the highly-anticipated release for Nintendo's WiiWare service, Europe and the. 17 Sep - 15 min - Uploaded by TiLMENDOMiNATiON MOTOHEROZ - First 15 Minutes gameplay - WiiWare Chick Chick Boom - WiiWare Wii. MotoHeroz is a platform-racing video game developed and self-published by RedLynx. It was released as a digital download on September 15, for the Nintendo Wii via its WiiWare Gameplay - Development, marketing - Reception.
Metacritic Game Reviews, MotoHeroz for Wii, MotoHeroz is a side-scrolling platform racer game for WiiWare. Learn more details about MotoHeroz for Wii and take a look at gameplay screenshots and videos. With only 24 hours to post a score, it all but guarantees that MotoHeroz will be on the front page of your Wii's main menu, dipping in regularly to.
Come and experience the excellence of MotoHeroz, from the makers of Trials HD -- definitive proof that Nintendo's Wii Shop is still very much. ABOUT. First Released: September 15, ; Platforms: Wii, iPhone; Genre: Racing; Rating: Rated "E" for No Descriptors; Summary: This physics-based 2D.
Avatarworld is a unofficial fansite dedicated to Avatar movie and Avatar actors. We are not affiliated with Avatar cast, James Cameron or his management. The information contained on this website is for informational purposes only. We make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, or reliability with respect to the information on the website for any purpose. Please, copy only with source.
Kate Upton walks the runway at the Beach Bunny Swimwear show during Merecdes-Benz Fashion Week Swim 2012 at The Raleigh on July 15, 2011 in Miami Beach, Florida. (Photo by Frazer Harrison/Getty Images for Beach Bunny)
Ten-year-old panda Xin Yue channels Kate Winslet in Titantic at Taihu Lake National Wetland Park in the Jiangsu Province of China.
Britain's Prince William and his wife Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge with Prince George arrive for their visit to New Zealand at the International Airport, in Wellington, New Zealand, Monday, April 7, 2014. (Photo by David Rowland/AP Photo/SNPA)
P.S. All pictures are presented in high resolution. To see Hi-Res images – just TWICE click on any picture. In other words, click small picture – opens the BIG picture. Click BIG picture – opens VERY BIG picture (if available; this principle works anywhere on the site AvaxNews)
“Mr. Brainwash (“MBW”) is a pseudonym for Thierry Guetta. According to the Banksy directed film Exit Through the Gift Shop, Guetta is a French citizen who now lives in Los Angeles, having been a proprietor of a clothing store and videographer who evolved into a street artist and gallery artist, influenced by the street artists he documented through video over the years. According to the film, Guetta was first introduced to street art by his cousin, the French street artist, Invader”. – Wikipedia
Photo: Artist Mr. Brainwash stands with his paintings “The Queen” (R) and “Kate Moss” at the Opera Gallery on October 3, 2011 in London, England. Works by pop artist and film maker Thierry Guetta, known as Mr. Brainwash, are on display at the gallery from October 6th to 31st, 2011. (Photo by Peter Macdiarmid/Getty Images)
The newest Victoria's Secret “Angels” models pose for photographers in New York's Times Square during the launch of the new “Body by Victoria” campaign July 28, 2015. From L-R front row are Elsa Hosk, Martha Hunt, Sara Sampaio, Jasmine Tookes and Stella Maxwell. From L-R back row are Kate Grigorieva, Taylor Hill, Rommee Strijd, Jac Jagaciak and Lais Ribeiro. (Photo by Mike Segar/Reuters)
Wild foxes walk in front of a launch pad prior the launch of the Soyuz-FG rocket booster with Soyuz MS space ship carrying a new crew to the International Space Station, ISS at the Russian leased Baikonur cosmodrome, Kazakhstan, Thursday, July 7, 2016. The Russian rocket carries U.S. astronaut Kate Rubins, Russian cosmonaut Anatoly Ivanishin, and Japan astronaut Takuya Onishi. (Photo by Dmitri Lovetsky/AP Photo)
Police officers with a sniffer dog check a railway as the Soyuz MS spacecraft for the next International Space Station (ISS) crew of Kate Rubins of the U.S., Anatoly Ivanishin of Russia and Takuya Onishi of Japan is ready to be transported from an assembling hangar to the launchpad ahead of its launch scheduled on July 7, at the Baikonur cosmodrome in Kazakhstan July 4, 2016. (Photo by Shamil Zhumatov/Reuters)
Assistant Manager Jayesh Vaghela brushes a vintage silk top hat at Lock & Co. Hatters on March 22, 2011 in London, England. Founded in St. James's in 1676, when Charles II was on the throne, this family owned business has provided hats for Royalty and the gentry for over 300 years. Staff report that sales of formal hats are booming ahead of the wedding of Prince William and Kate Middleton in Westminster Abbey on April 29, 2011.
Bassmnt provides exquisite customizable catering, with our in house full kitchen. we offer anything from top of the line appetizers, plated dinners, desserts and more. For a quote on the perfect catering for your event please inquire within.
Birthday January February March April May June July August September October November December 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31
Routing and Remote Access logs on as localSystem and runs in a shared process of svchost.exe. If Routing and Remote Access fails to start, the error is recorded into the Event Log. Windows Vista startup proceeds, but a message box is displayed informing you that the RemoteAccess service has failed to start.
Note. Make sure that the mprdim.dll file exists in the %WinDir%\System32 folder. If this file is missing you can try to restore it from your Windows Vista installation media.
Germany’s Mischa Zverev tells ATPWorldTour.com about his imaginary tennis matches with Andre Agassi and his most emotional moment on court.
Subconsciously, maybe when I was like zero years old and my Mom gave birth to me! I was always around tennis courts and I was always enjoying being around tennis courts. My Mom was telling me that when I was very little, when I was less than two years old, I would grab like a brush or something that had the shape of a tennis racquet and clear my room and play imaginary matches against Agassi, like five-set matches. I think that's when I realised that I really liked tennis!
My Dad. The most important stroke he taught me was the volley and the most important lesson was: 'If you make the right decisions on court, you're going to get rewarded.' So, no matter what you feel like doing, or if you're nervous or up and down, just try to do the right thing.
I don't know... Because I feel like now I enjoy tennis more than I used to. The most recent and most special one was actually beating Isner from two sets to love down (in the 2017 Australian Open second round). That was so emotional because I'd been two sets to love down, match point down, break point down in the fourth. It was the most incredible match and the most emotional moment by far.
I want to say it was a while back in France, because I feel like French people enjoy tennis. I think I was at an airport in Nice or something and the person who was checking my passport I think he recognised me. I want to say that was in 2009, or something like that. A while back. It was really surprising!
I was 11 or 12 years old. I don't remember where we went, but it wasn't a fun trip! Back then there was no wifi. I'm sure it was not a first class ticket. It was probably by car or by train for like 10 or 11 hours just reading a book.
This might sound so funny, but I think I was in Hamburg and my club was the training facility for the Rothenbaum tournament. And the first guy whose autograph I got, and I asked 'Who is it?', was Daniel Nestor! He was ranked like 90th in singles back then and that was around 1997, or something like that. I don't still have the autograph!
“I doubt about myself, I think the doubts are good in life. The people who don’t have doubts I think only two things: arrogance or not intelligence.”
"When these kind of matches happen you suffer, but I really enjoy these moments. I really enjoy suffering, because what's harder is when I am in Mallorca last year and I had to watch these kind of matches on the TV."
Healthy Lifestyle Trends – Health Facts and Figures Part 2 – Your Health is Your Most Important Asset
How much do we care about our health? Do we make an effort to lead a healthy lifestyle? How well are we doing? These facts and figures give us a few insights.
Emotional and physical well-being are more important to Americans than money and career, according to a survey by a national trade association of health clubs. When 1,400 people were asked to rank various aspects of life as essential or important, 97 percent chose emotional well-being and 96 percent selected physical health, but only 78 percent and 75 percent, respectively, selected career and money.
Only three percent of American adults follow a healthy lifestyle — not smoking, maintaining a healthy weight, eating five or more fruits and vegetables daily, and being active. That’s what researchers at Michigan State University in East Lansing concluded after examining the lifestyle habits of 153,000 people.
Last year, more than 276 million people visited North America’s National Parks but only 10 percent ventured more than a mile from their cars, according to statistics compiled by Austin-Lehman Adventures, a company that organizes guided adventure vacations. Perhaps we’re confusing parks with parking lots.
Eating a nutrient-dense diet with 10 to 25 percent fewer calories than the American average can dramatically reduce the risk for diseases associated with aging. A six-year study showed that middle-aged people eating 1,100 to 1,950 calories daily, containing 26 percent protein, 28 percent fat and 46 percent complex carbohydrates, had blood-pressure levels comparable to 10-year-olds and triglyceride levels of 20-year-olds.
You can get up to 60 percent more antioxidants from some fruits and vegetables by eating organically grown varieties. University of California, Davis researchers found that organic corn, strawberries and Marion berries produce significantly higher levels of antioxidant compounds when they have to fend for themselves against insects. Pesticides diminish the plants’ antioxidant-producing abilities.
Ninety-four percent of people who vacation in an RV say they lead a healthier lifestyle on the road, according to a survey by the Recreation Vehicle Industry Association in Reston, VA. While traveling, 40 percent of RV enthusiasts walk three to ten miles daily, 85 percent experience less stress, and 75 percent cook their own meals rather than relying on fast food.
“Studies indicate that if you can walk a mile in 12 minutes you get exactly the same energy expenditure as running a mile in nine minutes,” says Kenneth Cooper, M.D., at the Cooper Clinic in Dallas, TX. Cooper originally coined the term “aerobics” as we know it today, and pioneered the use of exercise to prevent heart disease. Injury strikes 65 percent of runners but only 21 percent of walkers.
If you’re in your 40s or 50s, you have a one-in-twenty chance of living to age 100 in good health, according to Tom Perls, M.D., who heads an ongoing study of centenarians at Boston University School of Medicine. Most likely, you will at least reach your mid 80s. The Census Bureau expects 757,000 Americans to be a century old by 2045. A diet that keeps you lean, regular exercise and not smoking will improve your odds of celebrating your 100th birthday.
tags: blondes skinny wife white bull white hotel white wife fucked wife hotel white blonde white wife blonde wife hotel blonde fucked wife fucked white fucked
Tue, 23 Aug 2016 Slim teen tumblr girl with snapchat small tits and tight shaved pussy fucked hard by her tr
Get Slim teen tumblr girl with snapchat small tits and tight shaved pussy fucked hard by her tr tube video
Content removal. We do not own, produce or host the videos displayed on this website. All of the videos displayed here are hosted by websites that are not under our control.© 2015 Konsumer.eu
interior designer salary florida decorators near me chairs tags acrylic clear desk chair angles of a decagon,desk chair new home decor inspiration pertaining to interior design schools nyc angles of a triangle worksheet designer salary,interior doors with frame design jobs chicago barn page,desk chair chairs new interior design app jobs chicago schools near me,interior decorator cost doors online designer salary los angeles furniture desk chair acrylic leg bench,interior doors near me designer salary office chair remarkable acrylic with design jobs,interior design schools nyc furniture desk chair cute acrylic clear home decorator barn doors double,interior designer salary florida decorator houston design degree desk chairs acrylic chair,interior barn doors designer near me define sale furniture desk chair unique clear acrylic swivel,furniture desk interior angles of a quadrilateral barn doors double design schools mn.
Thanks for visiting my site. I love Basketball!! I play all the time. I am a sophomore at DeLaSalle High School and play on the Varsity Basketball Team. I will be playing for the Metro Stars White in the upcoming AAU Season. Check out some links to articles that mention me.
Played 8th grade traveling Basketball for the Cooper Hawks as a 7th grader and won the 8AAAAA state championship on a team of 6 girls.
Started JV Basketball for DeLaSalle High School as an 8th Grader. Won the Conference losing only 3 games.
Blog Archives - Carla Watkins - commercial photography and brand photography with soul, in Essex, Suffolk and beyond
In Cornwall, and everything! When I went to visit my Dad’s family recently, to spend time with them and to scatter some of Dad’s ashes on his mum’s grave, we realised that I’d missed a chunk of my heritage – I have never learned to make...
by Carla | Nov 1, 2018 | Blog, Business Soloist Sessions, Personal Branding Photography, Photography
As craft workshops go, Bling Your Bra has to be one of the most sparkly around! Burlesque dancer Miss Foxy Glove runs workshops for fellow dancers to sparkle up their costumes, starting with, unsurprisingly, a bra… and accompanied by cake, drinks and giggles....
Welcome to New Thing Thursday! An excuse to learn/experiment with new things and blog about them. Some will be photography and some won’t, and I’ll probably use it across all my sites, so keep an eye out! This week: Look at the exciting prettiness! Any excuse to use...
by Carla | Sep 25, 2018 | Blog, Building a business, Multipod Life & Business, Photography, Studio 19, Work Happy
Last weekend was my first Open Studios, with the whole building’s doors open to the public. It only happens once a year, and it’s a wonderful chance to come and see artists at work, nose around our spaces and talk to us about our practice. My studio,...
by Carla | Sep 11, 2018 | Blog, Building a business, Creativity, Mindset, Multipod Life & Business, Musings, Tips, Tricks and Tools
Happy Tuesday, loves! It’s been the weirdest journey since leaving the day job and leaping into full time self employment. Today I wanted to remind you to remember to listen to your soul. Even when you’re doing what you always wanted to do, there will be...
by Carla | Aug 30, 2018 | Blog, Business Soloist Sessions, Personal Branding Photography, Photography
Meet Maddy. She owns The Wright Fit, which is an umbrella company for lots of wonderful different things she does (perfect multipod client, right there!). She wanted some photos of her with Oswald, her logo octopus, Oswald on his own, and some shots of her both in her...
Previously: Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 May 2017 January 2017 November 2016 October 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015
The tiny 500 goes from pipsqueak to bad-ass as the hot-rod Abarth, the heart of which is a raucous 160-hp turbocharged four-cylinder. A five-speed manual is standard, while a six-speed automatic is optional. The exhaust note is addictive, and thanks to a slammed suspension, the Abarth’s handling is as feisty as its styling. There is a coupe or sliding-canvas soft top, though in open-air form, it can get a little pricey. Still, the Abarth is a special car with a ton of charisma.
We had 17 or 18 people walk the labyrinth for world labyrinth day. It was a very hot spring day with a high temp of 90 degrees. Not a bad turnout for my first event. The trolly from Iola will be coming to my garden on June 23rd. I have not decided yet if I will have an event other than that for June. I am thinking an evening of music would be nice and people could walk the labyrinth whenever they want that night.
Wow Pat that is cool. I am going to be in Iola this weekend and out at the farm for awhile. I might stop by you beautiful site if I get a chance
My name is Pat and I have been gardening most of my life. My husband Richard helps out with the heavy stuff. I love butterflies and have a Monarch Waystation. I also love animals and have cats, dogs, horses, angora goats, chickens and guineas.
Traducir Afrikaans Bulgarian Catalan Czech German Hellenic Spanish Estonian Euskera Finnish French Galician Hebrew Hungarian Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Lithuanian Dutch Norwegian Polish Brazilian Portuguese Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Simplified Chinese Traditional Chinese
Syenite Crusher production line,nepheline syenite processing equipment. Syenite is a coarse ... Get Price. Feldspar sand making production line at Moscow.
panama stone crusher company pakistan. Liebherr Quarry Days attract over ... to reduce iron ore Limestone Used as a flux to react with and kaolinite and nepheline ...
Nepheline Quarry Crusher Manufacturer. 201336 syenite (except nepheline), trap rock, SKD as Stone Crusher Manufacturer provides you Jaw Crusher, Ball Mill, ...
mobile nepheline quarry plant. As a leading global manufacturer of crushing, grinding and mining equipments, ... 2013 new type jaw crusher atlas copco mobile crusher;
Crushed Stone Mining. ... The quarry stone is normally run through a primary crusher and then through secondary ... sandstone, limestone, dolostone, nepheline ...
mobile quarry plant india | senzomusic. a mining machinery is a professional material processing designer and supplier in the world, we havedolomite quarry nepheline quarry quarry crusher
Simple Free Body Diagram Hip – Through the thousand photos on the internet concerning free body diagram hip, we picks the top collections along with greatest quality just for you all, and this photos is one of photographs libraries within our very best pictures gallery in relation to Simple Free Body Diagram Hip. Lets hope you will as it.
This kind of graphic (Free Body Diagram Hip Best Of Refining Muscle Geometry and Wrapping In the Tlem 2 Model for) previously mentioned is actually branded together with: free body diagram hip,free body diagram hip joint,free body diagram hip walking stick,free body diagram of hip,free body diagram of hip joint,free body diagram of the hip,
submitted by simply admin on 2018-11-02 04:06:04. To discover just about all photos throughout Simple Free Body Diagram Hip photos gallery make sure you stick to this particular link.
The Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, 21 U.S.C. §301 et seq. (“FDCA”) and its underlying regulations set forth a rigorous procedure that prescription drug manufacturers must follow to obtain approval of their products from the Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”). Included in those approvals is the labeling that the manufacturer is to place on the product. The United States Supreme Court, in Wyeth v. Levine, recently held that a manufacturer’s compliance with those regulations and the FDA’s subsequent approval of the labeling did not preempt a state-court products liability action for failure to warn.
In Wyeth, plaintiff, a professional musician, lost her forearm to gangrene when a drug manufactured by defendant Wyeth was not administered properly. Plaintiff argued that the warnings contained on the drug were insufficient. Wyeth argued that the failure to warn claim was preempted by the FDCA because (1) it was impossible for Wyeth to comply with the state court requirement for stricter warnings without violating federal law and (2) allowing state court actions for inadequate warnings would frustrate the federal regulatory scheme. The United States Supreme Court, in a 6-3 decision, rejected those defenses.
Initially, the Supreme Court found that under FDA regulations, a prescription drug manufacturer could provide stricter warnings for a product and then submit such a warning to the FDA for approval. “Impossibility,” therefore, was not a defense.
Secondly, and more importantly, the Supreme Court found that allowing state court tort actions based on inadequate warnings on prescription drugs did not frustrate the federal regulatory scheme for such products. In fact, the Court found that Congress, in enacting the FDCA, relied on such actions as an enforcement mechanism for the Act’s requirements.
Wyeth had relied on a preamble to a 2006 FDA regulation that declared the FDCA established both a “floor” and a “ceiling” for labeling so that FDA approval of labeling preempted conflicting or contrary state law. The preamble also stated that certain state-law actions, including failure-to-warn claims, threatened FDA’s statutorily prescribed role as an expert federal agency. The Supreme Court, however, refused to give any deference to the FDA finding of preemption.
In a discussion that is applicable to any assertion by a federal administrative agency that finds preemptive effect for its regulations, the Supreme Court held that the FDA, prior to the 2006 regulation, had repeatedly taken the position that such state court actions were an important enforcement tool under the FDCA and that FDA approval would not preempt state law tort claims. The FDA failed to provide any justification for the radical change in position. In addition, the Court found that the FDA’s assertion of preemption was contrary to the clear Congressional intent that the FDCA not preempt state court tort actions.
The Court distinguished Wyeth from Geier v. American Honda Motor Co., where the Court held that Department of Transportation (“DOT”) regulations regarding passive restraint systems preempted a state court design defect claim based on Honda’s failure to install air bags that the plaintiff claimed were required. The Court stated that in the Geier case, the DOT had developed a comprehensive passive restraint policy after extensive studies and formal rule-making.
That policy had rejected the all airbag system argued by the plaintiff in favor of a gradual phase-in of a mix of passive restraints. The plaintiff’s claim that Honda’s failure to install the airbags, therefore, presented an obstacle to achieving the variety and mix of restraints sought by the federal regulation.
The Supreme Court found no such problem with the Plaintiff’s claim in Wyeth and affirmed the Vermont Supreme Court’s ruling that the FDCA did not preempt the Plaintiff’s claim.
School Districts May Assume Heightened Duty Toward Students Based on Implementation of Policies and Procedures
By now most Americans, for or against, get the idea. All an individual or family need do to live in America, and off the avails of the American taxpayer, is to arrive at an approved port of entry and “lodge a legal claim to stay.”
The same understanding animates an entire, parasitical industry that has arisen to coach the claimants in their claims-making.
The refugee and illegal-migrant racket sprung-up on the backs of the American people is Third World cronyism at its best. “The Trump administration plans to pay a Texas nonprofit nearly half a billion dollars, this year, to care for immigrant children who were detained crossing the U.S. border illegally, reports Bloomberg.”
Brazen border-crossers “rarely hide from border agents,” for they know the rules of the game are that there aren’t any rules. Not for them, not for the lawless.
The profits from the immigration industry, material and political, are privatized; the costs are socialized.
It has taken a president, in the person of Donald J. Trump, and his attorney general, Jeff Sessions, to expose for all to see a shameful, likely irreversible, fact: American birthright has been frittered away for a mess of pottage.
In exchange for throwing America open to The World, Americans get crime, poverty, unemployment, depressed wages; environmental despoliation; overburdened public services, and zero comity and harmony across their communities.
Or, more like hate. For to oppose this transformative political give-away is to be branded a hater and be hounded, at home, by a Fifth Column of values-enforcers.
There’s no finessing it. This selling of the patrimony and heritage of Americans is theft, plain and simple.
There is no hiding it. Peddling of stolen goods for political favors is the handiwork of political representatives, of legislators.
Through legislative sleight-of-hand and international treaty making American politicians have incrementally robbed a people of their national and territorial sovereignty, as well as their shared identity.
These treacherous “elites vie to see who can reach the greatest heights of rhetorical excess and self-righteous posturing,” spat Tucker in disgust.
His philippic was over a sickeningly sanctimonious press, convulsing over kids detained at the border, in accordance with US law, to which the whole thing is an event, a happening. Mere mortals, like Trump’s Deplorables, must look up to—and learn from—these avatars of morality. …
… The complete column is “Why Are Unfit Parents Fit To Become Americans?” now on Townhall.com. READ it also on Unz Review, Constitution.com., WND.com, etc.
Nehemiah built a wall to protect Jerusalem. He did not build a bridge yet he was a man of God. I am disgusted by media pretending Trump is in any way a racist or a… https://t.co/Es343AgWNi
Excellent column. If only liberals knew how to read and comprehend, they would understand what is happening to our country. Sadly, I believe they are happy about it.
Superb article! Absolutely superb. Just one correction. Conservatives and Trump ARE saving our nation and there is not a damn thing the democrats can do about it.
extra large storage ottoman large storage ottoman extra long fabric small with tray round extra large rectangular storage ottoman
end of bed chest end of bed chest end of bed benches end of the bed bench seat ends chesterfield bed with storage
end of bed chest end of bed storage chest bed storage chest bedroom ottoman window chester bed and breakfast
extra long runner rug hall runners extra long carpet hall runners hallway runner rug photo extra long runner rugs uk
extra large beverage tub stainless steel beverage tub large beverage tub tabletop stainless extra large beverage tub with stand
extra long runner rug extra long bathroom runner rugs bathroom runner rugs bath runner extra long bath rug runner uk
extra long runner rug hall carpet runners extra long hall carpet runners extra long hall extra long turkish runner rug
extra large storage ottoman ottomans storage ottoman with removable tablet tray coffee table extra large ottoman storage box
ergonomic desk chair best office chairs of affordable to ergonomic o gear patrol ergonomic desk chairs uk
extra long runner rug extra long runner rug for hallway red carpet runners charming extra extra long bath rug runner uk
ergonomic desk chair stylish ergonomic desk chair reclining desk chair reclining desk ergonomic desk chairs without wheels
edward hopper rooms by the sea best hopper images on painting art edward hopper rooms by the sea wiki
extra long runner rug hall runners extra long beautiful small runner rug new large extra extra long runner rugs uk
extra large storage ottoman large tufted ottoman brown ottoman ottoman coffee table tray small extra large round storage ottoman
extra large storage ottoman cool extra large storage ottoman with awesome extra large ottoman extra large square storage ottoman
edward hopper rooms by the sea rooms by the sea art print by hopper at art for edward hopper rooms by the sea analysis
extra large storage ottoman large storage ottoman large ottoman coffee table beautiful large extra large ottoman storage box
electric fireplace surround electric fireplace how to transform a store bought electric diy electric fireplace surround ideas
extra large storage ottoman endearing extra large storage ottoman with furniture coffee table extra large storage ottomans
edward hopper rooms by the sea hopper oil paintings art reproductions on canvas edward hopper rooms by the sea interpretation
extra large storage ottoman large storage ottoman large ottoman footstool extra large storage extra large round storage ottoman
edward hopper rooms by the sea sun in an empty room by hopper edward hopper rooms by the sea interpretation
extra large storage ottoman unique extra large storage ottoman in ottomans with extra large storage ottomans
extra large storage ottoman large storage ottoman image of large storage ottoman coffee table extra large leather storage ottoman
edward hopper rooms by the sea rooms by the sea hopper painting edward hopper rooms by the sea wikipedia
extra large storage ottoman serving trays for ottomans coffee side table square ottoman dream extra large leather storage ottoman
extra large storage ottoman large round ottoman coffee table coffee table round storage ottoman extra large storage ottomans
ergonomic desk chair top best ergonomic office chairs editors pick inside ergonomic desk chair with lumbar support
end of bed chest end of bed storage chest end of bed storage bed end chest excellent truck bed storage chest
easter lawn decorations bunny lawn decorations from carnival mart easter outdoor decorations to make
extra large storage ottoman large storage ottoman awesome ottomans ottoman storage box storage extra large leather storage ottoman
extra large storage ottoman rectangular storage ottoman best home design extra large square storage ottoman
extra long runner rug extra long runner rug wide runners rugs area ideas large exotic extra long bath runner rug
easter lawn decorations west blog ultimate decorations peep yard large outdoor easter decorations uk
end of bed chest bedroom black bedroom storage bench with arms end of bed chest under bed storage chest
extra large storage ottoman ottoman table round tufted ottoman with legs oversized rectangular extra large ottoman storage box
end of bed chest best end of bed chest bench end of bed storage chest end of bed foot bed storage chest
electric fireplace surround free standing electric fireplace reviews fireplace surround synonym electric fireplace mantels with storage
edward hopper rooms by the sea hopper rooms by the sea hopper rooms by the sea hopper edward hopper rooms by the sea interpretation
exterior step railing outside handrails for stairs best deck steps porch and outdoor stair railing kits lowes
extra large storage ottoman brilliant extra large storage ottoman with oversized storage ottoman extra large storage ottoman with serving trays
ergonomic desk chair amazing ergonomic desk chair designs ideas and decors choose ergonomic seat office chair cushion foam filling
extra long runner rug bathroom runner rug bathroom runners long runner rugs bed bath long extra long turkish runner rug
extra large beverage tub skycap extra large ice tub with stainless steel housing extra large beverage tub with stand
edward hopper rooms by the sea tip fest rooms by the sea aura of puppets edward hopper rooms by the sea poster
ergonomic desk chair best ergonomic office chair for back pain home design ergonomic desk chairs costco
extra large beverage tub large aluminum tub copper large tub with faucet faucet riser for extra large metal beverage tub
extra large beverage tub large beverage tub large beverage tub large retro oval metal extra large galvanized beverage tub
extra long runner rug new small large extra long short wide narrow hall runner rugs cheap extra long bath rug runner uk
extra long runner rug extra long runner rug long runner rugs extra nonslip floor runners extra long bath rug runner uk
extra large beverage tub stainless steel beverage tub large beverage tub tabletop stainless extra large copper beverage tub
extra large storage ottoman excellent extra large round ottoman about remodel decor extra large ottoman storage box
electric fireplace and mantel large electric fireplace with mantel electric fireplaces large electric fireplace mantels big lots
extra long runner rug long runner rugs for hallway long hallway rug foot runner rug large extra long braided rug runner
easter lawn decorations outdoor decorations risen yard cross add cart includes easter outdoor decorations to make
extra large beverage tub galvanized beverage tub large copper with stand extra large metal beverage tub
edward hopper rooms by the sea shop hopper rooms by the sea hand painted framed oil edward hopper rooms by the sea interpretation
extra large storage ottoman cream ottoman coffee table square storage ottoman with tray extra extra large storage ottoman with serving trays
extra large beverage tub elegance in simplicity this beverage tub is crafted from extra large metal beverage tub
exterior step railing stair railings outdoor add safety and style with a custom outdoor front step railing designs
edward hopper rooms by the sea the best hopper images on hopper edward hopper rooms by the sea print
easter lawn decorations he is risen yard cross outdoor nativity store outdoor easter decorations lights
extra large beverage tub round metal tub round beverage tub a chair affair metal wash tub extra large copper beverage tub
european style cabinets decorating your home wall decor with great fresh style european style kitchen cabinet hardware
extra large storage ottoman storage bench extra large storage ottoman storage ottoman cube extra large leather storage ottoman
ergonomic desk chair ergonomics guru guide to comfort efficiency seats to remember ergonomic office chair amazon uk
extra large beverage tub bucket oval beverage tub w stand aluminum linens and events extra large metal beverage tub
end of bed chest end of bed chest chest for end of bed end of bed storage chest king bed storage chest
easter lawn decorations garden decorate at and joyful festive mood spread ideas for outside easter decorations pinterest
extra large storage ottoman ottomans storage ottoman with tray double tables brown extra large leather storage ottoman
extra large storage ottoman extra large storage ottoman midnight black extra large storage extra large square storage ottoman
easter lawn decorations beautiful day decorating ideas for backyards page 3 of outdoor easter decorations lights
easter lawn decorations lawn decoration outdoor decorations ideas for the easter outdoor decorations uk
engraved bourbon glasses southern born southern raised engraved cocktail glass set customized bourbon glasses
ergonomic desk chair ergonomic desk chairs ergonomic desk chairs explore your options for ergonomic desk chair with lumbar support
extra large beverage tub large beverage tub large beverage tub insulated beverage tub extra large copper beverage tub
extra long runner rug extra long runner rug contemporary hallway runners hall regarding 2 extra long and wide runner rugs
extra large storage ottoman extra large ottoman storage extra large storage extra large ottoman storage box
exterior step railing exterior stair railing designs building outside within railings for exterior stair railing height
easter lawn decorations cool outdoor decorating ideas amazing interior easter outside decorations ideas
extra long runner rug narrow runner rug dazzling extra long runner rug unusual hall extra long turkish runner rug
easter lawn decorations exclusive outdoor decorations family guide to easter outdoor decorations to make
end of bed chest beautiful bedroom bench with storage chest for end of bed chests sleigh bed chest of drawers
ergonomic desk chair tips to choose the best high back ergonomic office chair to help ergonomic office chair with lumbar support philippines
extra large beverage tub insulated beverage tub ornate antique copper teapot tea extra large copper beverage tub
extra long runner rug alluring extra long runner rug in floor designs extra extra long turkish runner rug
end of bed chest end of bed chest end bed storage chest bed chest storage large size bed chest storage
easter lawn decorations creative outdoor decorations that fill your yard with outdoor easter decorations for sale