Sun bears are opportunistic omnivores, with bees, termites, and earthworms comprising the main part of their diet. Fruit is also eaten when available. The former are more regular food sources than fruit and usually there is no need for H. malayanus to cover great distances in their search for food. These bears have long tongues that are helpful for obtaining insects from trees, termites from their nests, and honey from bee hives. Should the opportunity present itself, sun bears will eat small rodents, birds, and lizards along with scavenging tiger kills. In human populated areas their diet may include rubbish, livestock, and agricultural fruit such as bananas. (Ward and Kynaston, 1995)
Predation on sun bears is not reported. Because of their size they are likely to have few natural predators. Young bears may be killed by aggressive conspecifics or by tigers.
In certain regions, sun bears are important in seed dispersal. In a study of H. malayanus in Borneo, one sample of these bear feces was found to contain 309 seeds of a certain species of plant. They also impact the colonial insect populations that they prey on. (McConkey and Galetti, 1999)
The gall bladders and other body parts of sun bears are used in folk medical practices. It has been proven, though, that they have no medicinal value. People hunt them for sport and profit. They are commonly sold as pets when they are cubs, but quickly outgrow the stage when they are manageable as pets. (Sanderson, 1972)
Sun bears are one of the rarest bears. The exact number alive today is not known, but the population is steadily declining due to deforestation and hunting. Habitat destruction is causing these bears to live in smaller and more isolated patches. The land is being cleared to create coffee, rubber and oil palm plantations. Poachers are flocking to protected areas and reserves because they know there are bears there. Reserves may not even be providing sufficient habitats for these bears because their needs are not completely known. Not many conservation attempts have been done to save these bears because so little is known about them. (Servheen Christopher, March/April 1999; Ward and Kynaston, 1995)
One sun bear demonstrated his intelligence while in captivity. This particular bear took the rice that was given to him for food and scattered it on the ground. There were also chickens in this bear's lair and the scattered rice attracted these chickens, which the bear then captured and ate. (Nowak, 1997)
having markings, coloration, shapes, or other features that cause an animal to be camouflaged in its natural environment; being difficult to see or otherwise detect.
rainforests, both temperate and tropical, are dominated by trees often forming a closed canopy with little light reaching the ground. Epiphytes and climbing plants are also abundant. Precipitation is typically not limiting, but may be somewhat seasonal.
Merry Christmas! Love, Christine Armbruster Photography Image taken in Wadi Araba, Jordan in January of this year. To purchase a print, visit my shop.
This weekend I was asked to participate in Andi Pitcher Davis’s annual “All She Wants is Art” show. Functioning as a large art sale and exhibit of what she thinks are the new up and coming artists and to showcase the new artists she has been collecting all year. It is a fun event, hosted […]
During the summer we spend a lot of time adventuring with boys or handfuls of teenage girls. So we decided a ladies camping trip to Yosemite was necessary. Getting the opportunity to spend an uninterrupted week going on all the hard hikes and multi-pitch climbs we want, we packed up our cars and headed out. […]
Posted in: adventure, california, editorial, film, landscape, lifestyle, outdoors by Christine No Comments
The 4th annual Juice ‘n Java pin up calendar is here! It is carnival themed and here for the holidays. Order yours today at http://shop.christinearmbruster.com or pick one up at either the Provo or Orem Juice ‘n Java location. $20.
Welcome to my information security blog. I hope the information I publish and comments I provide can offer some insight, for better or worse, into current industry trends, technologies, and innovations. One of the purposes for this blog is to encourage creative and constructive dialogue, so feel free to comment. If you do, please provide your name. If you have any feedback or would like to contact me offline, don't hesitate to email me: mike[@]cloppert[.]org
There's been an enormous amount of focus on the recent Sony DRM fiasco across the security industry recently, so rather than reiterate what's already been said, I figured I'd point out something that's been simmering in the back of my mind for a number of months now: what I call the "inter-species computer virus."
I see viruses as being on the cusp of a revolution. While it's true we've seen viruses move from computer to PDA in the past (I wish I could find a source, but at the moment I can't), this has so far failed to cause any major outbreaks. However, as the typical handheld device becomes increasingly complex and internetworked, the potential damage for such a worm has grown significantly in the past few years. This threat is especially pronounced with cellular devices. Recently, a virus was written that tried - unsuccessfully - to make the jump from a cellphone to PC. The spread method was rudimentary, using a smart card as the carrier mechanism for the code. But it foreshadows more virulent threats to come. Consider the different propogation vectors that are now available between some devices and "ordinary" computers that never used to exist:
Conventional PDA's. Data is transferrable via (1) memory chip, as with the aforementioned virus, (2) bluetooth, and (3) USB connection. Targets could include other PDA's, or PC's. Most of these devices are also infrared-enabled, as well, but I'd consider this threat minimal due to limitations of the technology.
Cellular Phones. Resembling more and more of a computer as the months progress, potential device-to-computer data paths include (1) memory chip, (2) SMS text messaging to other devices like blackberries, (3) instant messaging, and (4) bluetooth. And that's not beginning to cover the functionality available in devices like the Treo.
Blackberry devices. These are the penultimate virus propogation devices. They communicate with other devices via (1) internet access on the cellular network, (2) bluetooth, (3) SMS to other portable devices, (4) Instant Messaging through a third-party app, (5) Email, and (6) USB connection. That's no less than SIX different vectors an infected Blackberry device could leverage to attack other devices like cell phones or ordinary computer systems.
IP Phones. These don't represent a bridge between computers and mobile devices yet, but the phone on your desk is now a device that potentially touches the same data network as your computer, and the same phone network as your cell.
As we have seen in the past, if you build it, the h4X0rZ will come. There's no need to claim the sky is falling, and there's no sense in irrational policies based on speculation of what could happen. But the industry, and most importantly users, need to be aware of the implications that all of these shiny objects bring with them. I see this kind of a problem as more of an inevitability than some science-fiction concoction. It's up to us, and device manufacturers, to be proactive in addressing this. Hopefully, with strong user awareness and an industry prepared to deal with such threats, the damage will be minimal.
Most of your Treo's are attached with Internet Access just like the Blackberry. I would say the vector is exactly the same.
I have been employed in various information technology fields since 1997, and in information security since 2001. I have an undergrad degree in Computer Engineering from the University of Dayton, received various industry certifications (GCIA, GREM, GCFA, etc.), and am currently pursuing a MS in Computer Science from George Washington University. I have lectured on various information security topics to IEEE, internal organization-wide IT conferences, and the annual Department of Defense Cybercrime Convention. My international work experience consists of training on general information security topics and IDS design/implementation onsite in Egypt, Israel, and India, as well as providing incident response assistance in the Far East. I have been a contributing editor to incident response procedures for two major organizations, and have been involved in digital forensic investigations since 2001. Currently, my work consists of security-related research and development, covering topics from vulnerability and exploit reverse engineering to implementation of security technologies, as well as digital forensics for an enterprise Computer Incident Response Team.
The Village of Grosse Pointe Shores, A Michigan City, is located several miles north of Detroit, Michigan. Most of the city is located within Grosse Pointe Township in Wayne County with the small northern portion located within Macomb County’s Lake Township.
Grosse Pointe Shores is the smallest of the five Grosse Pointe communities occupying 1.1 square miles of land and 18.1 square miles of Lake St. Clair waters. Grosse Pointe Shores has the longest shoreline of the Grosse Pointe communities, making it an especially attractive place to live.
Copyright © 2009-2014 Bist LLC. All rights reserved. Terms Of Service - - Blog - Marine Leader Board
Content of Jade Hsu - Jade was the perfect addition to my wedding party. She helped me get ready for the ceremony and then helped me with my nervous groom to be. She knew the perfect cure for those pre-wedding jitters he was having...
Kelly and Ryan are out in Hollywood, so they decide to invite Kelsi Monroe for a private party, Kelly plays with her pussy while she watches Ryan fuck their new friend.
Helly Maes having a party and its not going very well. Almost no one showed up and when the hostess and her bad boy take off for a little private time its up to Helly Mae to entertain the only other guest Rocco. Lucky for Helly Mae hes had a hard on
This one of my lovely Brides Maids. Her name is Alexis. She has been a dear friend of mine for years. I have to admit, my wedding party was the sexiest on the planet. I had gorgeous girls, sexy guys, and the best part was that we were all horny...
Hot bitches Kelly and Lexi start the party early with some pussy licking and reach orgasm as the bounce and get fucked on floaties.
Content of Jaime Brooks - My husband and I attended a masquerade party. It was great dressing up and wearing masks. The best part was having a sexy stranger join us downstairs for a little crazed, masked sex adventure...
India Summer is driving down the street when she sees her sons friend, Xander, walking in the blaring summer heat. She gives him a ride him and tucks him into bed as he is still out of it from a night of partying. The thing is, Xander cant go to s
Content of Kaiya Lynn - Me and my husband went to a Halloween party. We met up with a sexy witch and she cast a wicked spell on us. She lured us up to one of the bedrooms and pulled out Ryans monster cock, then off went the costume and out came...
Veronicas son is getting married, and as a gesture of goodwill, the bride-to-be has invited her to take part in her bachelorette party. To Veronicas surprise, the event is taking place at a male escort service, where the bride to be has bought Veroni
Tanya, real estate agent, is paying a visit to Bill. After years of wild partying and fucking, Bill is being forced to sell his bachelor pad so he can settle down and move in with his girlfriend. Sensing his dismay, and his big cock, Tanya offers him
You never know what the new year will bring, but if its anything like the gift of Kendall Karson crashed out at his house from the previous nights party, 2014 looks to be great!
Hot cougar Alura Jenson is renting out one of her many houses. The potential renter is a college dude whose looking for a house for him and his bros to finish up the school year in. He swears to Alura that they are not big party animals, but she does
Holly Michaels wants to go to this wild and crazy party at the lake, but she needs a companion to take care of her once she gets too wild. Her boyfriend didnt want to take her so she asks his son to join her. He really doesnt feel like taking care
Rachele should be with Prestons dad but, he finds her sitting on the couch. She doesnt like going on trips with his dad because all she does is sit in the hotel room and doesnt get to go out. Preston was going to throw a party while the two are aw
Ashley and Kelly just wanted to have a little private party, but after the wine flows and Ryan shows up, it turns into a fuck party!
Unreal dude flys in from a skydive and lands in a pool party then hot big tits milf gets banged and creamed in this hot 3some double dong fucking pic update
Welcome to my garden party. You are all invited. Its my end of Summer Celebration. Dont let the neighbors see, though. Im practically naked running around in the garden. I dont know if they would appreciate it much...
3 beautiful hot fucking lingirie milfs share their pussies in these lingiere lesbo licking party pics
BBW Porn Daily BBW Porn | Heavy Cuties | Fatty Thumbs | HQ Plumpers | More Fatties | My Sweet Fatty | Wild Fatties | Your BBW | Caramel BBW | Fat Mom Tube | Fatty Videos
GracefulMom.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to. We take no responsibility for the phrases entered by surfers. Please contact us if you have found inappropriate content.
Паломничество как туризм, воспитание в вере, мировая экономика, Всеправославный Собор, исчезающее миссионерство
The news from Variety is that Katherine Heigl (Izzy from Grey's Anatomy) is attached to the Stephanie Plum series. I like Katherine, but as Stephanie Plum, the ultimate Jersey girl? No. No no no no no. Now, I'm not sure who I see....a brunette, with big hair and a nasal voice, I guess. I listened to some of the books on tape and the woman who's Castle's agent was the narrator. She was awesome. A bit old for the role now, I guess. I can't actually think of a good brunette for the role, can you?
What about Ranger and Morelli? I like the cop boyfriend on Mercy, or Milo Ventimiglia from Heroes as Joe. Not sure about Ranger.
I listened to Nora's Chat session on the RWA CD. People asked her who she'd like to see as Eve Dallas. Of course she didn't have an answer. (She mentioned Angelina Jolie, but she wasn't serious.) I think Stana Katic, also on Castle, would be awesome, but you're never going to get her to play another cop. Vera Farmiga, maybe.
I had a parent conference the other day and we talked about movies and she said her son thought Christian Bale shouldn't have been John Connor. I agree. He was not at all what I pictured adult John Connor to look like, and he didn't have very much charm in him. Even his father Kyle was charming. I would hope John would take some of that. I would have rather seen Ryan Reynolds, maybe. Then I wouldn't have been rooting so hard for Marcus to keep his heart.
And I liked Christian Bale as John Connor but to me John was coming apart at the seams and Bale played that perfectly. But it was Marcus with those baby blues and little-boy-lost thing that did it for me.
I thought Jonathon Ryes-Myers (sp?) might be a possible Roarke though I don't think he's quite ready for the part yet (needs a little more age and experience on him).
I suppose you're right about John Connor. I just...wanted more, I guess. He didn't come across as heroic as I'd always imagined he'd be.
I'm a mom, a wife, a teacher and a writer. I have five cats and a dog to keep me company. I love bookstores and libraries and Netflix - movies are my greatest weakness.
Cabhrs.org does not claim ownership of any content found on this site. All images are copyright to their respective owners.
Loaded bowl of breakfast potatoes, bacon, maple sausage gravy, eggs, pico de gallo and three cheese blend $11.95
House smoked porchetta, tomato jam, mixed greens and a fried egg on an english muffin. Served with breakfast potatoes $11.95
Choice of smoked bacon, pit ham, or sausage link, eggs and toast. Served with breakfast potatoes $8.95
Served on a bed of mixed greens and topped with cabbage, carrot, cilantro, cucumber, green onion and sesame seeds with a wasabi cucumber ranch dressing $10.95
Blackened chicken, bacon, blue cheese, red onion, corn, carrot, tomatoes on top of blue cheese and french fries tossed with greens $14.95
House smoked turkey breast, pepperjack, avocado, lettuce, roasted red peppers, and tomato with chipotle sauce on rye bread $12.95
A fiber Bragg grating (FBG) sensor head, using a pressure coupling mechanism, was designed for broadband frequency response and structural strain-free characteristic. The pressure-coupled sensor heads were connected to a simultaneous multipoint acoustic sensing system based on a tunable laser. An intelligent lasing wavelength stabilization algorithm capable of identifying the direction of spectrum movement, the wavelength shifting speed, and a fiber bending event was developed so that the simultaneous multipoint acoustic sensing system could be used in environments with rapid temperature variations. The lasing wavelength feedback control algorithm updated the lasing wavelength into the steep slope of the FBG spectrum even under conditions of rapid temperature change. The averaging lasing wavelength updating time was only 21 s because the system can decide a minimal size in scan window by finding the FBG spectrum shifting speed and direction in real time. The system was able to update the lasing wavelength which missed the steep slope of the FBG spectrum under maximum temperature variation rates 0.3014 and −0.3246 °C/s. The proposed system detected simultaneous impact waves at multiple points under conditions of rapid temperature change and change in dynamic strain.
Note: The journal paper has published in Optics and Lasers in Engineering (impact factor 1.262, 2010)
Happy Lucky Go and Enjoy the Life with someone that you love. "catching..." DREAM that MATTER for me. Principal - "TAKE it or LEAVE it"
Mr. Rohit Shenoy, Leader – Organization and Talent Development at Sterlite Power interacts with the students
One morning when i received a call i could not believe that i was selected for SIBM, Pune. I was actually excited but at the same time i was was nervous , as it was going to be my first time i will be outside my home country.Since it was my dream to study in Sibm, Pune and i was selected for the same i was really very happy.Now, when i have reached here i am liking each and every thing here.The first thing that impressed me was the staff members in an international office.They were really suportive and helpful.Secondly, when i actually saw the university i was really enthralled. SIBM is amazing.It is huge and everything here is just so beautiful. Now i am enjoying here and i dont feel like i am somewhere outside my home country.
SIBM not only focuses on a academic part of a student but it largely focuses on developing the entire personality of the student.It is driven by the student council that makes the overall development of the student. The induction program was very insightful and ice breaking session was amazing .Looking forward to make best out of it…
SIBM Pune gives its students every opportunity to explore the various facets of their personality,…
SIBM, since its inception in 1978 has been following a tradition: the tradition of producing world class leaders. This tradition has been made possible by adopting various programmes which suit the existing business conditions.
I know public forum is not a place for such a discussion but i kind of enjoy your products and would love you guys to continue.
This site is owned and maintained by Persits Software, Inc. Copyright © 2003 - 2018. All Rights Reserved.
online, type it into a Google search and you have a million possibilities. But therein lies the problem. How do you know where to go?
Enter 965flowers.com. Founded in 2011 by Abdullah F. AlKhuzam and Sulaiman Y. Al Tarrah, it is a website that will make navigating the online world of florists and bakeries a whole lot easier. Traditionally, local florists and bakers would take care of the orders themselves but in recent years a shift has been seen towards online versions of these traditional services, especially for flowers. 965flowers.com noticed a mismatch between supply and demand and so created a platform that would bridge the gap between these shops and their intended customers.
This creates a large new market for these shops and allows them to reach a much greater customer base. For the customer, it enables them to shop selectively whether it’s by price, size and occasion. In addition, orders can be placed anywhere, anytime as long as you have an internet connection.
You know longer need to trawl through thousands of Google search results to finds what you’re looking for. 965flowers.com does all the research, so all you have to do is drop by their site and find they’ve handpicked the very best florists and bakers Kuwait has to offer. It is among the first websites to offer such a service that benefits both the shop and the customer. 965flowers.com brings them together making life a little easier. The shops featured on the website speak for themselves.
In a country like Kuwait where we like to celebrate special occasions with cakes, desserts and pastries, the bakery industry is booming. The shops featured on 965flowers.com are free to offer whatever they like on the website but of course are encouraged to include their bestsellers. The pricing is also at the shops’ own discretion and the guys at 965flowers.com don’t interfere with it. They try to be as invisible as possible. They merely provide the platform that brings together shop and customer.
Customers enjoy a wider spectrum to choose form, highly dependent on price and quality whilst the shops will enjoy higher deal flow, positively increasing their sales and achieving a higher return on investment. Furthermore, each shop can track real-time results using online analytics to determine how their products are performing and in addition, to retain customers off- business hours and on public holidays.
In the future 965flowers will continue adding to its list of florists and bakeries providing more choice for the customer. They are also planning to launch a gifts section of the website towards the end of 2012, making buying that last minute birthday present that much easier.
Do you have questions for a psychologist? Are you afraid or embarrassed to see one? Well, we may have the...
Are you a youth living in Kuwait and passionate about creating change in your community? If so, The en.v Initiative (www.envearth.com) welcomes you to register for its Youth Training Program #nmuأنمو#, which utilizes a combination of training and funding through small grants. n-mu aims to promote active citizenship through critical reflection, dialogue and action. You can apply for the last training round which will be conducted in Arabica and starts on the 31st of January by visiting www.nmu.envearth.com. You can also follow @envearth on Instagram and Facebook, and @env_initiative on Twitter for up to date coverage of the program’s activities. Training rounds are free and seats are limited. Grab a friend and sign up before the deadline on 28th January 2016!
A group exhibition in collaboration with Gypsum Gallery, Cairo, Egypt, inspired by the a quote from “Just Kids”, a memoir...
Aim: To give artists the skills and knowledge required to prepare for the fine arts world, taking their art career to a more professional level.
Put together a proper packet, including how to write an effective and concise artist statement, biography, and curriculum vitae (CV).
Learn how to price your work, basic tools of self-promotion, and strategies to approaching galleries and curators.
*All participants will receive a complimentary portfolio review by Visual Therapy following the completion of the workshop.
Got business problems or challenges at work? With his Two Cents page, Loaay Ahmed shares his expertise in strategic management consulting to help managers, employees, and entrepreneurs thrive.
Is it acceptable for our manager to raise her voice all the time when she’s talking about issues that are important to her at work?
Some people are passionate about what they believe in or about the vision that they would like to reach. Sometimes, this passion can be overwhelming to others on the receiving end. The problem with raising one’s voice during meetings, for example, is that people stop listening to the content of the manager’s speech because they are too annoyed by the loudness of the voice and intensity of the tone. What managers need to keep in mind is that when employees feel disturbed and uncomfortable by raised voices, regardless of the truthfulness of their message, they won’t successfully bring their point across. When an extremely loud horn or noise is blowing next to people, they cover their ears and that’s human nature.
There are better ways for managers to get the attention of their employees. For example, if your sales team needs a push to achieve the current quarter’s targets, consider using drama and tragedy to illustrate the impact on the employees themselves if they do not close the gap. Address with each employee separately what he or she might have to let go of in their own personal lives when they lose their bonuses to help them to visualize the size of the problem and be motivated to work harder. However, if the team was productivity challenged, give employees the freedom to work on one project with the same poor production level as long as they deliver on time and with the right standards. They might surprise you or learn their lesson. Either way, yelling doesn’t work…and that’s just my two cents.
It’s easy to talk about being customer focused on our website and in meetings and press releases, but can we actually translate this philosophy into practical actions?
John Tschohl once wrote, “The goal of any service strategy should be to systematize — to institutionalize — a customer service program that’s well established, for the long term, in the culture of the company.” If you are a retailer, for example, review your return and exchange policy. See if it is with or against your customers’ benefits and shopping experience. Let’s say you were a shipping company. When you examine your internal processes you can spot areas that may delay customers’ orders from being sent or received on time. For a telecom company, for example, having a clear emergency plan if a network tower got damaged means that customers in that zone won’t have to suffer poor coverage for a long time; and that shows your ability to think ahead of customers’ welfare.
Being customer focused is not a myth. It’s a tangible series of actions and decisions set to reach a balance between customers’ needs and wants and that of the shareholders’. Notice that I didn’t describe it as a balance between customers’ retention and profitability; that’s because taking care of customers and generating profits are not two areas opposite to each other, but rather deeply connected to each other. Winning half the battle of implementing a successful customer experience strategy depends mainly on the shareholders’ understanding of where profit comes from. Yet, with your best intentions to mold the business around customers, you could still miss the target, if your new workflow is based on what you think is best for customers and not what they know is best for them…and that’s just my two cents.
Is there a trick to help us see our brand position in the market without conducting a costly full-fledged research program?
“Beauty is in the eye of the beholder”, but who’s the beholder? If it’s the brand management team or the owners of the business, then the assessment is not as objective as it could be when customers are the ones who are observing the brand. Customers usually are the best people to tell you who you are. You might think you are the best, smartest, coolest brand in your industry, but your customers might see you as nothing more than a commodity. The one-sided perception of the management team of their own brand is like how most mothers can’t see the dark doings of their own children. So, from time to time, you need the input from other partners – that’s employees, customers, suppliers, the media, and so on.
Having said that, a quick exercise you can do with your team is to ask yourselves and random members from your partners circle this simple questions: If our brand was a car (assuming you’re not in the automotive business), what kind would it be and why? Or if our brand was a hotel (again, that’s if you’re not one already), which one would it be and in what city or town, and why? By asking stakeholders to describe your brand using this form of analogy you can get a more genuine description and a more vivid visual of how others truly feel about your brand. In some cases, this exercise will be just the right prescription to give you that wakeup call. Warning, you might not always like the answer, but you should always be ready to do something about it…and that’s just my two cents.
For Loaay Ahmed’s advice on business or work matters, send a short email to [email protected] Regrettably, only the questions chosen for publishing will be answered.
Loaay Ahmed is a management consultant and strategic expert. To learn more about Loaay and his consulting service, strategic business therapy, visit www.knightscapital.com.
Giving up a career in the corporate world to pursue an innate passion for drifting full time, Mubarak Al-Rumaidhi took...
As a local community church serving the people of Mitcham we are passionate about being relevant and vital to the life of our community, encouraging and mobilising both individuals and the Church to serve both spiritually and practically in mission and social action towards community transformation.
A place of unconditional love, sacrificial service, contagious joy, and perfect peace - a safe haven
All Nations Revival Church is pleased to be in Covenant relationship with Kingdom Faith Church Horsham, and regularly benefits from its spiritual leadership, valuable relationship and dynamic resources.
The Koukaam KNR-5024 is a 24 channel open platform Network video recorder suitable for for industry and large scale systems.
It has a live view and playback mode which enables simultaneous live view and playback display. A fully drag and drop customisable viewing grid and support for multiple viewing screens makes the KNR-5024 easy to use and versatile.
The unit and connected devices are easy to set up with many tasks being done automatically and remote access from the internet is very simple.
The KNR-5024 is truly megapixel ready it is able to support up to 5 megapixel cameras and is able to support various IP cameras from different manufacturers.
Hi I recently bought a few Chinese paintings. I think they are very beautiful, but would like to know who the painter is. Greetings MoMo
Current members will receive extended complementary membership for their support during the reconstruction period.
A tropical fever. Delirious. Touched by the exotic. Music by: Yutaka Hirose, Hiroshi Yoshimura, Martin Glass, and others. ...
To accomplish the Boys & Girls Clubs of Yellowstone County’s Endowment Foundation singular purpose of providing financial support the Boys & Girls Clubs of Yellowstone County we have a wide array of investment options available to help our investors realize their desire to support the kids in our community who need them most while gaining the maximum financial benefit for their personal situation. Thanks to some very beneficial rules and laws passed by both Montana Legislature and the United States Congress we can help you do both. We would encourage you to have a conversation with your attorney, tax professional or financial adviser to determine which of the available investment options are most appropriate for your situation and your desire to help the thousands of members at the Boys & Girls Clubs of Yellowstone County.
For your convenience and general information, the links below will help you learn more about available investment options.
While we would encourage you to speak with your attorney, tax professional or financial adviser we are happy to answer any questions we can about the members served by the Boys & Girls Clubs of Yellowstone County and the investment options available to help you support their work. For more information please call our Vice President, Resource Development Karrie Owen at 406-294-4511 or send her an email using the form below.
President Trump plans to nominate Indiana farmer Kip Tom as the United States Representative to the United Nations Agencies for Food and Agriculture at the Department of State. Tom will be given the rank of Ambassador if nominated and approved by the Senate.
Tom, of Tom Farms, is a seventh-generation farmer representing one of the largest farms in Indiana. Tom previously unsuccessfully ran for Congress in 2016 and was in consideration by President Trump to be Agriculture Secretary during the transition period of the Trump administration.
In the announcement, the White House touted Tom’s agribusiness experience that includes work in North and South America, Africa, Europe, the Middle East, and Asia. Tom serves on the boards of the Indiana Economic Development Corporation, the Indiana Chamber of Commerce, the Future Farmers of America Foundation and the National 4-H Foundation.
Indiana Senators Todd Young and Joe Donnelly in a joint statement called Tom an “excellent fit” for the position.
This is a remake of a previous video, with subtitles added for clarification. Enjoy our little girl chatting it up!
«Наматывая километры в пути – Пути с большой буквы – день за днем, мозоль за мозолью – это самая лучшая возможность разобраться в себе»
"Непридуманное". "Мне подменили жизнь..." Хроника семьи Абаза-Исаевых в воспоминаниях, письмах, документах (передача 2). Читает Л.Зотова
Vacation Rentals are available by the month, week or weekend. Rent a beautiful home or condo for your next Northern Michigan get away!
Homes and condos are available for rent, both furnished and unfurnished, with annual lease terms in the Harbor Springs, Michigan area.
Commercial spaces are available to rent for business use. Rent space for your retail shop or office space in the Harbor Springs area.
Harbor Springs is a thriving city and beautiful resort community in Northern Michigan. Harbor Springs is the deepest natural harbor on the Great Lakes and is on a sheltered part of the Little Traverse Bay on Lake Michigan.
Harbor Springs is a popular destination for boating, sailing, skiing, biking, hiking, shopping, dining, and more. The Tunnel of Trees (M-119) is a popular drive along a narrow, winding road above the Lake Michigan shore.
(function(i,s,o,g,r,a,m){i['GoogleAnalyticsObject']=r;i[r]=i[r]||function(){ (i[r].q=i[r].q||[]).push(arguments)},i[r].l=1*new Date();a=s.createElement(o), m=s.getElementsByTagName(o)[0];a.async=1;a.data-privacy-src=g;m.parentNode.insertBefore(a,m) })(window,document,'script','//www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga');ga('create', 'UA-46200030-1', 'grama.es'); ga('send', 'pageview');
Where things can get a little sticky is trying to find the best sites to get what it is we so desperately crave. It can be tough with so many sites out there, and more springing up every day, to figure out which site will give you the most bang for your buck.
And then how about that feeling when you sign up for a premium site and then find a discount link to it after the fact and find that you’ve been paying more than other members for the exact same content? No one wants to find themselves in that boat.
The solution is to find a great discount site that will bring you the lowest prices to top sites. This granny porn discounts link will do just that. Check out what is out there and rest assured you’ll get hot mature porn at an amazing price!
I get how convenient that might be for her husband to carry her skanky ass home when she passes out drunk yet again at the bingo bar like she does every Wednesday night. The things that bother me though…
Why is she lubed up to just below the back of her knees? Are they aiming at backing up a smallish car into her wrecked twat but need to warm it up with a giant earthworm first?
Let me tell you, this is one of the milder scenes you will be treated to should you take up a Cumming Matures discount for 84% off.
The big score here though is that you get all of the 21Sextreme sites unlocked for your membership contribution and they have some world-class porn under their roof.
That’s what older women are that have taken really good care of themselves and still thoroughly enjoying fucking around and showing off their sexual prowess: goddesses. It may or may not be a terribly exciting experience; I imagine it’s something a little similar to wearing your favorite shirt. It might be older, sure, but it’s the best damn shirt and you’ll never get rid of it. You’ll always wear it and savor it, much like these older babes are getting fucked and savored. Here’s where you can grab some hot granny porn deals.
MILF Hunter is a personal favorite and it comes at a steep discount. 81% off full price and you’ll get completely free access to the entire Reality Kings Network of porn. That’s 30+ bonus sites featuring even more smoking hot women. It’s top-shelf porn, really, through-and-through. You’ll find a lot of exclusive content here that you can’t find anywhere else. Have a look around for yourself and grab one of these amazing deals on hot granny pussy porn today!
What’s good about fucking around with an older babe? Well, they definitely seem to know more about what exactly it is they want. They tend not to hesitate or shy away from getting it. They take control over a cock and don’t simply leave it up to a man to perform. You’ll find such an experience with Chanel, this older lady that’s one of my personal favorites. She’s older, and she’s taken good care of herself, and I think the best thing about her is her personality. Honestly. Her body and sex moves are great, but what’s even better is that gorgeous smile on her face that says she’s having the time of her life. You can check her out when you get your Anilos discount.
You can save 61% off full price on a huge collection, probably one of the biggest, of high-quality and top-shelf mature porn videos. Over 1,900 new members are already enjoying Chanel and many pretty, classy, sexy older women having the time of their lives. There’s 400 ladies in about 25,000 videos each varying in length, and the site only continues to grow with hot, mature porn content!
Join over 280 new members that have grabbed their deal for GrannyGhetto.com! Current count is 195 HD videos, 56 DVDs, and 150 sultry old sirens getting completely filthy, nasty, and raunchy with hot young studs! You’ve got options for membership: take $20 off a 30-day pass or join up for a year and pay just $5.25 per month!
Not only are you going to get access to Granny Ghetto, but you’ll be unlocking completely free access to the entire Devil’s Film Network of porn! That’s 25+ sites for just the price of this one! Sites like Cumshot Oasis, Motherfucker XXX, Squirtalicious, and White Ghetto, just to name a few. If you love watching old broads demonstrate their sexual experience and prowess, this is where it’s at for you. Check things out for yourself, you won’t be disappointed — grab your deal today before it’s gone!
If you’re a typical dude trying to meet local milfs, I really can’t say I blame you. I mean, milfs are very hot. Local Milfs are the hottest game in town. In fact, there’s tons of dudes trying to stick their dicks in these hot moms.
Once a woman becomes a mother, she becomes a sex machine. Seriously. This is especially true if her husband is too busy to fuck her. I mean, she’s got all that sexual energy going because giving birth has unleashed a tremendous cocktail of hormones in her system.
It changes her brain, it changes her central nervous system, it changes many different aspects of her life. And I’m not just talking about physical changes, I’m also talking about emotional, mental and spiritual changes.
A woman who has given birth to a child in her 30’s starts realizing that sex and spirituality go hand in hand. That there is something truly profound and transcendent when she pops an orgasm and she starts seeking.
She starts looking for the perfect orgasm, because you see, once women hit the age of 30, they are able to unlock this super power called multiple orgasms. Guys, unfortunately, don’t have that superpower.
We are kind of like shotguns, you know? You let off a shell, you have to wait a few minutes to let off another shell. Women are like machine guns. If they know what they’re doing, they can just keep going. It’s like every thrust, every caress, and every kiss leads to one orgasm after the other.
Now, I’m not talking about an orgasm where it’s just playing out in your mind, it’s filling you with warm, fuzzy emotions. No. Fuck that shit. I’m talking about real physical orgasms like mini earthquakes doing down in your spine, and your toes curling and your thighs shaking. Your butt cheeks clenching, that kind of shit.
It really is something else and that’s why you have to understand that if you’re trying to meet local milfs, the market is there. These women want you. The problem is, most guys think that the game is much harder than it is
Accordingly, they feel that they have to hit the gym to look like fucking Greek gods or that they have to buy expensive sports cars, which are really just extensions of their penises. They go through all this bullshit when, really, all that pussy is there for the taking. What is the secret? Well, you just have to have the right attitude.
You see, when a man with the right attitude shows up at the right place, women can’t help but pay attention to that guy because they know that he knows that they know that he gets them. That’s how you can tell guys who get pussy all day, every day from guys who basically, just like you and me, who fucking get pussy every once in a while.
So understand this because this is the idea that keeps screwing you up. If you’re trying to meet local milfs, wrap your mind around the reality that it’s not as hard as you make it out to be. It’s actually quite easy and it all boils down to attitude.
I recently moved into a new apartment with my girlfriend; it’s a nice place and the people are friendly. In fact, this one woman who lives right above us would be a little too friendly if you ask my girlfriend. She swears this older woman is always brushing against her in the halls and even caressing her tits while asking about the fabric her sweaters are made of.
I always laugh it off, but the truth is, the idea of my girl fucking this mature woman is about the hottest thing I’ve ever thought of. I’d love to see my girlfriend get her pussy eaten out by an older lady who knows what she’s doing. It’s basically become my biggest fantasy and I’ve even been doing some research on the matter which led me to this Old Young Lesbian Love discount. These sexy-as-hell older women love to fuck young hot sluts and I couldn’t be happier. I think I’m going to show my girl and hopefully it opens her mind to the idea, because these horny women all seem to love it and I know I do!
Lustful grannies with gaping cunts that always ask for more, what’s better than that? Welcome to the freaky world of Mature Sex that will blow your mind for sure. Grannies with nice pussies are eager for all kinds of freaky action in front of the camera. Some of these GILF honeys want to show their tight holes while some other ladies need something hard right away. Check out how these experienced babes suck big dicks and how they get all their holes filled by their horny partners. It’s truly fantastic to see them in action. Granny cunts are the best!
Breathtaking granny blowjob and old milfs that are so burning hot which they can disc drive you crazy can be very provocative and also tantalizing. They are so wild and additionally crazy to just assume being that there using them and additionally using most of their previous wrinkled physiques. Should you decide need those people who are not timid, you are going to be over pleased since you able to view your online videos when the couple strip and also show off of their unique perfect wickedness before of your strangers or perhaps their unique partners. Who is precisely what keeps them so randy and naughty – inside your constant limelight in front of their own bang buddies when their special lustful admirers would be seeing any of them coming to their unique most harmful. Should you decide choose these kind of which are really past times and also wild, then you could visit the areas that have this sort related with fetish and will also be welcomed also to livejasmin porn website. Every one of the you have to try to do is calm down and also like observing mature blowjob naughty grandmothers which would something in order to get their previous, wet, saggy and also trimmed pussies explode complete with cum. Their unique saggy boobs and old curves can enjoyment an individual over you would imagine and you are doing not should suppress the urges, because should you decide may be really directly into naughty granny blowjob, you really need to not halt however go for it! Recently there is no problem in thinking about a few old granny blowjob who happen to be a lot more than experienced and additionally who possess taken in more rods than they may be able count. Figure most of their saggy, old, milklike and additionally huge breasts and additionally sagging big rounded booties.
Prepare this girl covers these huge boobs seen in baby oil? Maybe they wear just have a good tight shirt for you. You might want to play to see with their hairy pussy live online? Ready for a conversation with the best camera obscura sex? Looking not these girls now expect to be playing wait a large thick black ebony booty ass. You want to look at http://camsexbabe.com/granny game live on camera sex toys like a hot girl? her fingers her tight pussy and see how black holes and pink dildo sucks. Dress him up and …
Big booty ass black ebony fat waiting to be played. You want to look at this game live on camera sex toys like a hot girl? Her fingers her tight pussy and sees how black holes and pink dildo sucks. be and do what you ask your port on the top of pretty bikini and smiling attractive girl who knows how to do a strip show and loves to get naked for you your dress and the Mistress BDSM, she loves all things with panty fetish and BDSM and play many different roles and play live in front of you to get it right … bikini wearing and her pretty attractive girl smiling, who knows how to do a strip show and like for you to strip, of all happy with panty fetish and BDSM and play many different roles and play live in front of you at this time to do. You want to do a little stuffing panties? With a foot fetish and want to see play with her sexy feet? Check out our chubby ebony Right Now Live-Cam.
BDSM fetish for naked shows. If you like the African women, then you are sure that this great darkness check our girls live cam Right Now chubby to love ebony. BDSM fetish for naked shows. If you like African women, then you are sure that this big beautiful warm darkness to love Tiffany in line waiting in your chat room to create likes crazy. With its magnificent figure juicy ass and beautiful breasts perky this hot girl really knows how to enjoy it and only love for you cum. Watch the game with wild dildo.
Adult content. Visitors who are not 18 years old, please leave this website now. This website is for Adults only. Enjoy It.
At Kscope I felt geographically isolated, but I was impressed with all the second language speakers attending.
I can only speak one language, and some would argue I don't do well at that - but people were presenting in a language foreign to their native tongue! Kudos.
The Internet I see and view is predominantly English, and no doubt my search results are skewed accordingly. Occasionally I'll find some bloggers in another language and in the days of "translate this page", I have no problems reading them - just be careful with code translation.
Speaking of that link, that was a German post by Carsten Czarski. Through the Official APEX Linkedin group I found Mahdi Ahmadi from Iran. I understand he writes in Persian, and his recent post describes an APEX app that looks superb for database monitoring. He's arranging to release it on Github, but I also hope he talks with Martin D'Souza about getting it on OraOpenSource.
I thought I should give him a shout-out due to the English language bias. Though based on his LinkedIn connections, you've all probably met him already!
12c Analytical Functions Apex Apex 4.0 Apex 4.2 Apex 4.x Apex 5.0 Apex 5.1 Apex Listener Application Design AUSOUG Best Practices Bind Variables blogging Build Options CLOB COALESCE Conditional Compilation Conference CSS Dates Debugging Documentation Dynamic Actions Friday Fun Google Identity Columns Inspect Element Interactive Reports JavaScript JQuery JSON Kscope LISTAGG Mobile Networking New Features NVL ODTUG Off Topic Oracle Community OracleJET Page Designer Performance Pivot PL/SQL Plug-ins Presentations Prezi Review Sage Science Security Shared Components SQL SQL Developer Templates Thursday Thought Training Triggers Tuning Tutorial Twitter Views WITH
We also run an Open Day each year - when you have the opportunity to have a trial sail in a variety of boats, and members are on hand to discuss membership, training, sailing, and anything else of general sailing interest.
To join, you will need to fill in a membership form (available at the Club, or download here ), and send it to the Membership Secretary with the appropriate payment
When you join Gravesend Sailing Club, you will initially pay the proportion of the annual subs to take you up to 1st November. To see how much this comes to, see the membership fees table
All trademarks are © their respective owners, all other content is © Gravesend Sailing Club and/or the copyright owner.
Labels: Cherries, Cranberry Juice, Giant Long Beach Iced Tea, Gin, Lemon Slices, Orange Slices, Rum, Sweet & Sour, tequila, Tipsy Bartender, Triple Sec, Vodka
You can check out these bartending books to help you come up with great recipes. If you need a start to your mixology tastes, here'...
*added Winter 2017* - Check out the new Ciroc Summer Colada This Peach Flavored vodka is very smooth. While other peach flavored vodkas m...
Now, my latina homegirl made some Horchata for me a few times. And I have to say it's a pretty sweet, but very tasty treat! This is not ...
This definitely looks like a fun little shot you can perform for some friends. Definitely have to log this in the Bartending notebook! ...
Here are some pretty cool Ciroc recipes that will add some extra flavor and taste to an already great Vodka. Diddy, here's free promo! C...
Yo, it's quite hilarious how I make a post about cocktails getting the panties off and now Tipsy Bartender posts up this recipe. I defi...
Now as everyone knows, Jungle Juice will forever be the frat drink of choice! I mean, high level of alcohol and tons of juice to appeal to...
Chiropractic care can help the spine and pelvis cope with the effects of pregnancy by restoring a state of balance. During pregnancy, a woman's center of gravity shifts forward to the front of her pelvis. This additional weight in front, causes stress to the joints of the pelvis and low back. As the
The term frozen shoulder encompasses a wide variety of restrictive shoulder disorders and can also be referred to as adherent bursitis, pericapsulitis, obliterative bursitis and periarthritis. Regardless of what it is called, manipulation of the joint and neuro-muscular-skeletal rehabilitation are needed
A combination of chiropractic, trigger point therapy, and lifestyle changes has proven to be very effective in decreasing the severity and duration of the physical pain of fibromyalgia. The word fibromyalgia comes from the Latin term for fibrous tissue (fibro) and the Greek ones for muscle (myo) and
Several studies have shown that chiropractic care can help decrease many of the symptoms of PMS without the potential side effects of prescription drugs. Premenstrual syndrome (PMS) is characterized by mood swings, swollen abdomen, headaches, back pain, food cravings, fatigue, irritability or depression
Our patient forms are available online so they can be completed in the convenience of your own home of offices.
Date: October 10th, 2011; Site: Metart; Network: Metart; Pictures in set: 131; Dimension: 2832x4256
Tags: adorable, amateur, beautiful breasts and nipples, beautiful pussy, bikini panties, bottomless, breast holding, brown hair, cute, cute feet, denim, earrings, erect nipples, girl next door, girlish, great legs, hard nipples, jeans, long, long sleeve, love her, lovely breasts, mini skirt, miniskirt, natural light, nice body, nice lips, nice tits, open legs, panties, perfection, perky nipples, perky tits, pierced, ponytail, pretty pussy, protruding labia, pussy shy, sensual, shaved, shaved pussy, shy, silky hair, small clit, small labia, smile, smooth, spread legs, straight, superb breasts, swollen nipples, underrated, upskirt, upskirts, white panties, young, young looking, adorable body, beautiful, beautiful body, beautiful face, beautiful face and body, beautiful girl, brunette, classic beauty, cute butt, cute face, cute girl, firm breasts, full breasts, glass cutters, goddess, gorgeous, great butt, great eyes, great hips, great lips, hot, juicy pussy, kissable pussy, lickable pussy, lingerie, lovely body, lovely labia, lovely pussy, medium labia, more of her please, more please, most beautiful woman in the world, natural beauty, nice breasts, nice butt, nice figure, nice hips, ok, pale skin, perfect, perfect 10, perfect breasts, perfect everything, perky breasts, petite, pierced navel, pierced nose, pretty, pretty eyes, pretty face, sexy, sexy smile, shapely breasts, slim legs, small breasts, small build, small butt, small nipples, smoking hot, stunning, suckable nipples, sweet, sweet and sexy, sweet breasts, sweet face, teen, teen body, top 10, very cute, very pretty face, warm smile, why i love russian, wonderful body, artistic, costume, creative, erotic, fun, great photography, open, photoshopped, stockings.
“Help! Help!” Jack screamed once he realized he was drowning in the lake. It didn’t make any sense. He was such an excellent swimmer, but suddenly he had just felt so disoriented.
“Help” He screamed one more time, expecting his lungs to fill with water any second. Instead, he found himself continuing to breathe air. In fact, he was no longer in the water at all but standing on the shore instead. He was confused, and when he looked down it only got worse. He realized the body he now saw wasn’t his own.
Soon enough, a person came along to investigate Jack’s earlier cries for help, and asked Jack what was wrong.
lemumu Y11 Men and Women Bluetooth Bracelet Smart smar twatch Sport Pedometer for iOS Android Phone UBGXRCIYF
YYZYY Hiking Travel Backpack Camping Rucksack Outdoor Solid Durable Canvas Luggage Trekking Rucksacks Bag 35L PGQMJUNCA
Tamashii Nation is scheduled to release their latest Avengers: Age of Ultron Black Widow SH Figuarts in September of this year. Inspired by last summer’s blockbuster Avengers: Age of Utron movie, Black Widow SH Figuarts action figure stand roughly about 6-inches tall with 20 points of articulation. She will include multiple interchangeable hands, stun baton, and two pistols. Black Widow action figure is retailed about $55.
Ronnie Webb holds a B.S. in Agricultural Economics from North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University. He is a Certified Green Specialist from Becoming Green, Inc. Webb was an Environmental Fellow at Hip Hop Caucus Education Fund, a Teacher Assistant at High Roads School located in Prince George’s County MD, and a tutor to troubled youth at Culbreth Camp.
A DC native and graduate of DC Public Schools, community activist and outreach specialist Jerome Nesbitt steers young inspiring youth in the right direction, acting as a bridge between their past and future. With a background in music management and production, Jerome has helped develop and implement new approaches to being healthy and more sustainable in some of DC’s most underserviced communities.
With an Associate in Business Management and over 12 years of nonprofit and consulting work under mentor Simeon Williams, long time DPR Director, Jerome has a great knack for bringing people and organizations together with a common goal or mission. Some of his strengths are his ability to work and communicate with people from different backgrounds, as well as unifying people in situations that make sense to all parties involved. Very detailed, goal driven that demands the best from himself as well as his fellow team.
Who is one of the Women behind the Girls Gone Green movement? Quiana Newby was born in Northeast Washington DC, which is now the present day “H Strret Corridor”. Healthy and organic living has always been an important part of her life. Growing up, her grandparents had acres of land in Virginia filled with rows of vegetables and fruits. Fast Forward to today, that love for showing individuals where their food comes from and how they can take their food from the garden to the table has become her passion and her drive. She graduated from Temple University with a major in advertising and marketing. In 2016 I began a documentary with The Green Scheme titled “The New Cool,” and we have been beautifying the city ever since.
Andrea is The Green Scheme’s Director of Programs and is a native of Arlington, VA. Andrea studied Agriculture and Education at Virginia State University and from there she proceeded to work in various child care facilities and school systems as a teacher and program supervisor. Passionate about children, agriculture and nutrition the move to The Green Scheme was a natural fit. Andrea started as the Program Director in 2016. In her free time she enjoys spending time with her daughter. She is also a model and show girl. Grateful for this opportunity to work with so many amazing families, Andrea wants to make sure everything community that this organization touches has the proper tool to maintain a viable food source and has fun in the process.
Mc, poet, and sits as an activist and ambassador/ content producer and performance specialist on the board of local super non-profit The Green Scheme.
Where our mission in brief terms is to bring awareness and justice to food/social inequalities in the inner city and surrounding demographics.
Mangiare noci, salmone e semi di chia aumenta le possibilità di sopravvivere al tumore all’intestino. A sostenerlo uno studio della Aberdeen University, secondo cui i benefici sembrerebbero derivare dalla presenza in questi alimenti di acidi grassi omega-3. Tra gli effetti garantiti vi sarebbe inoltre un’azione di contrasto alla diffusione delle cellule tumorali nel resto dell’organismo.
Thank you for a season of love Of joy and happiness from above Of peace and laughter in my soul And brought to me by your tenderness ...
Love is confusing right? We can never tell when to give up and when to keep trying. When to let go and when to hold on. The question...
Have it crossed your mind, asking what was really the shape of LOVE is? I saw my cousin’s shirt stating “I used to think love was shaped as...
Blog Archive April (9) March (16) February (47) January (5) December (10) September (8) August (4) July (54) June (18) May (13) March (23) February (19) January (95) December (98) November (92) October (50) September (88) August (472) July (585) June (159) May (228) April (132) March (333) February (146) January (23) December (18) November (53) October (28)
Businesses around the world are curiously awaiting March 30, 2019, which is the day when Britain will officially exit the European Union. This monumental change will especially impact member economies of the EU due to the large volume of trade among those countries.
Although no one is quite sure what the immediate and long term effects are going to be, internationally operating businesses are doing their best to prepare accordingly. The end of March is the current deadline for plans to be in place, but the transition phase for Great Britain lasts until 2020.
The German Chamber of Commerce has released a checklist for companies interested in taking action. This checklist includes tasks such as:
the association tries to formulate steps and procedures for its German members doing business with Great Britain in the light of current developments," states Guntram Maschmeyer, Director, Account Management at Dwellworks in Germany. "You’ll see a concerned view apart from politics or opinion building; really just looking at the consequences in the light of doing business."
The service based industry of relocation assistance will be observing some changes in volume in the coming years. Some companies may increase international relocations, while others will decrease. This is a result of how the Brexit either facilitates or inhibits business between particular countries. Volume into mainland Europe is likely to increase, yet thus far it has seemed the Brexit is creating more of a challenge for businesses, which leads to conservative relocations.
The three main groups that will be making decisions based on the Brexit outcomes are assignees, direct clients, and RMC clients.
Assignees will consider the overall situation in Europe when deciding whether to accept an assignment. A big decision making factor will be how these changes impact their families. Immigration, schools, and other family-oriented changes will play a vital role.
Guntram adds, "Direct clients will care most because they do see direct consequences posed by a variety of factors, like legal status of entities, or custom procedures obstruction real time supply chain solutions." When a particular industry is impacted, so too are the suppliers to that industry.
Finally, RMC clients will begin shifting volume to previously low areas. Uncertainty of clients and investments will cause general volume to drop. This is compounded for clients that have offices in both the United Kingdom and European Union, where legal statuses will be complicated. The property market in the UK has already started to witness this uncertainty.
Fortunately for clients of Dwellworks, we have team members in locations throughout Europe who are working diligently to ensure that anticipated changes are addressed appropriately. Our Destination Services Consultants (DSCs) recognize the hesitation for those moving in and out of the UK since they too are experiencing changes.
For assignees, Destination Services will become more important than ever. Dwellworks DSCs are keeping up to date on changes that impact their assignees, like immigration, so they can best assist assignees upon their arrival.
This blog is for parents interested in education and the 11 Plus Exam for children in the UK. We provide comment, tips and advice for parents with children studying for the 11 Plus Exam.
In an average day, you probably come in contact with over 100 products that have been manufactured or processed from industrial minerals. Industrial minerals are defined as non-metallic minerals produced from natural sources. Here at EP Minerals, we mine and manufacture diatomaceous earth (DE), perlite, and clay. These incredibly high-quality minerals are used in an extremely broad range of applications in everyday life - both industrial and domestic. Without these minerals, a vast range of products would simply not exist. Surprised? Consider:
.Sweeteners, beverages, pharmaceuticals, chemicals, textile raw materials, cooking oils and many other products are filtered with diatomaceous earth (DE) or perlite.
If you are indoors, the matte finish on the paint in the closest wall or ceiling to where you are standing or sitting was created with DE
Farmers use DE or clay in their fertilizer as an anti-clumping agent. As a bonus, the DE or clay helps the fertilizer hold water once it’s applied
If you work in an office, look up, and the chances are that you will see ceiling tiles that contain acoustical perlite and are painted with diatomite.
If you purchased any fresh meat or fish in the market recently, the odds are that the clear plastic film over the product contains DE.
So how do industrial minerals relate to STEM education? Science and technology are playing an ever increasing role in new product innovation in the world of industrial minerals. Here at EP Minerals, we are committed to consistently innovating, developing and manufacturing revolutionary new products from our minerals. These new products, which we call engineered minerals, expand the current boundaries of what our minerals have been known to do, as we work with customers to provide innovative solutions and develop new markets and applications. Some of the recent engineered minerals products include an arsenic removing adsorption product for water, a low metals product for the brewing industry, a low dust filtration product for swimming pools and an organic insecticide.
EP Minerals’ President/CEO Gregg Jones talks about how the company is evolving to meet customer demands: “We’re focused on new product development with our minerals. We’re creating unique, high-performance products that solve problems for our customers and change the landscape of what minerals can do,” said Jones. “And that changes the requirements for the kind of people we hire. We’re looking for diversity in education and background. Not just mining background but talents in other areas,” he added.
“We are one of the only mining companies headquartered in Nevada, and we may be the only minerals company with a research and development laboratory and both business development and corporate engineering departments in the state,” said Scott Palm, EP Minerals’ vice president of strategy and innovation. “We see ourselves as more of a science and technology company than ever before, and that affects the kinds of positions we hire for today,” said Palm. EP Minerals focuses on four main areas for STEM-related jobs: Analytical chemistry, materials science, applications science, and process science and engineering. Given the wide range of EP Minerals operations, we look at hiring a variety of STEM talent, including minerals processing engineers, material scientists, chemists, chemical engineers, mechanical engineers, inorganic chemists, geochemists, earth scientists and mining engineers. In our exploration and mining efforts, we’re using advanced exploration and reserve modeling techniques to help us to both find and better understand new mineral deposits. We have been hiring geologists with advanced degrees and with experience in exploration and the use of advanced geologic modeling techniques and software,” said Palm.
STEM education is key to EP Minerals as we develop revolutionary industrial minerals products for the future. We look for people with the education and technical background to understand our customers’ industries, whether it’s brewing, paint, chemical, biofuel, agriculture or pharmaceutical.
This is a report on a five-year research program [***] at the University of Wisconsin and Mendota State Hospital. The research was originated and sponsored by Carl Rogers. It attempted a number of radical things and employed research rigor and measurements that are extremely rare in the field of psychotherapy.
The difficulties and the many discouraging aspects of doing psychotherapy with schizophrenics as reported by others were also found by us. We did not walk in and empty out the hospital. But we did have some successes in the therapy. Similarly, we found the research difficulties almost as hard as we were told we would. The attempt at rigorous measurements of psychotherapy in a hospital was said to be impossible. We found that it was not impossible, but, at times, it was extremely close to that.
Our schedule called for testing each patient regularly, but the human condition plus the conditions of a hospital prevent anything from being quite regular. Whereas we wanted to test the patients every six months, we were fortunate to obtain at least one good instance of adequate testing early in therapy (not always in the beginning) and at least one instance late in therapy. Hence we can compare these patients early and late in therapy.
We had a no-therapy control group. That is also a very difficult matter. How can one arrange to prevent therapy for the control group without making them worse by such arrangements? If one makes the control group worse, naturally the psychotherapy group will look better. What will then seem like a good finding will mean little. Ideally, one wants a group of con-
[*] Presented at the Second National Meeting of the Association for the Advancement of Psychotherapy, St. Louis, Mo., May 5, 1963.
[***] The project was supported by the National Institute of Mental Health, directed by Carl R. Rogers, Ph.D., Eugene T. Gendlin, Ph.D. and Charles B. Truax, Ph.D., at the University of Wisconsin Psychiatric Institute and Mendota State Hospital, Madison, Wis.
[Page 5]trols with whom nothing like therapy is done so that one can later estimate whether improvements in the psychotherapy group are really due to psychotherapy, or whether they happen just as much by spontaneous remission without therapy. But in our treatment-oriented hospital, group therapy is common and individual work not infrequent. To isolate the control group in some special way would have singled them out for worse treatment. So we merely tested them and otherwise let them get whatever the hospital gives. Most controls had group therapy, and two were in individual therapy.
Our main concern was to test Rogers' [1] original hypotheses—that the patients will get better to the extent that the therapist is genuine (really himself as a person), to the extent that he is empathic (understands what is going on in the patient), and to the extent that he shows the patient unconditional positive regard (likes the patient regardless of all of the patient's difficulties and bad feeling). I will rename these three conditions realness, understanding, and liking. We took on the task of measuring the extent to which the therapist is really himself, understands and likes his patient. This involves measuring in-therapy behavior itself, not only before-and-after tests outside of therapy. We are new at measuring psychotherapy itself, as it goes on during the interview hours. But, if psychotherapy research is to make real progress, one has to begin to define and measure what occurs in the psychotherapy hours. So by realness, understanding, and liking of the therapist, we meant what he does during the psychotherapy hours.
In addition to these three aspects of the therapist's interview behavior we are also measuring the patient's behavior. To what extent does the patient behave in ways that indicate an involvement in an experiential psychotherapy process? Beginning with Rogers' Process Scale [2, 3] we have refined an Experiencing Scale with indices of the extent to which the patient avoids feelings and felt meanings, and uses verbalizations that do not involve his experiencing, externalizes, and the extent to which he is really involved in a psychotherapy process, his reactions and phrasings being fresh expressions of experiencing [4].
We hypothesized that therapists who measured highest on realness, understanding, and liking would have patients who not only showed the most improvement at the end, but who during the course of therapy would show the highest and most increasing degree of this experiential therapy process.
To put it all in one sentence: Will the cases that show highest therapeutic behavior by therapists also be those that show the highest degree of patient therapeutic behavior—and will these be the patients who are most improved at the end?
We developed quite specific rating scales to apply to the tape-recorded [Page 6] interviews. Except for interviews in seclusion rooms or on the ward, we tape record all the psychotherapy hours. We have walls lined with stored tape recordings. We randomly took from each of the tape recordings little four-minute bits and re-recorded them onto small separate, coded reels. We instituted some little researches to determine whether we should use four minutes, ten minutes, or two minutes. Four minutes was most reliable and valid [5, 6]. Despite the long psychotherapy case and the full hour's psychotherapy tape, listening to a four-minute excerpt gives a surprisingly definite impression of what sort of relationship the two people have. Of course, we use very many such excerpts.
To define the therapist and patient behavior which we measure on these tapes, we first began with simple general descriptions. For example, we had one general description of how a therapist is genuine. He does not use false fronts, does not present only a professional image, a mere exercise of his doctoral role. Instead, he is the person he really is, responding as a human being to the patient. Then, below such a description we had numbers: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7. Number 1 was "very little," number 7 was "very much." That was our rating scale. We asked raters to rate this one general concept. That is how we began.
We keep our raters separate so that they do not talk to each other. We code all these bits of tape recording so that their only identifying aspect is a code cipher such as "segment #3245J." The rater does not know if this is an early bit or a late bit, or if this is thought to be a success case or not. If these raters, rating separately, give approximately the same ratings (applying a good deal of higher mathematics to estimate the extent to which they are rating the same way), then we know we are measuring something. If they disagree to much, then we know we are failing to measure anything.
Raters did not show sufficient agreement until we moved from this very vague rating scale, to a much more exact specification of exactly what tape-recorded observations were to be given exactly what number on the scale. Here are some examples of our many specific definitions of various scale points: Stage 2: The therapist sounds very uninvolved as though nothing that happens here could possibly affect him. Stage 3: There is artificiality and stiffness in the therapist's behavior, indicating that he is having trouble with the patient. Stage 4: He sounds quite personal, but this is a style that always remains the same throughout; a stereotyped repetitious professional style controls his response. Stage 7: In responding to the patient there are spontaneous expressions of the therapist's. Of course he responds to the patient's meanings, but what he says is a direct expressive outcome of his own experiencing of these meanings. Stage 8: In addition to saying whatever seems necessary according to his method of therapy, he also intends to, [Page 7] and does, express some of his own inner processes, steps, and feelings at the moment. And finally Stage 9: There are times when he "rolls out" with some very potent feelings of personal involvement or closeness or care. This series of examples gives some of the rating scale definitions of what we expect the raters to observe on these tape recordings.
Our research has brought science about half-way toward really defining observations well enough so that rating scales become scientific instruments rather than subjective impressions of the listener, as they were before. We have not yet reached the point where these observations are so clearly defined that if you listen to a tape recording, you can simply say "I heard that behavior" or "I didn't hear it." We may very well reach that point of precision in another decade. If we do, we will then have scientifically defined observation. Even now, the scale definitions—not subjective impressions, are being measured. We know that because the scales can be used reliably by undergraduates who know nothing of psychotherapy, clinical language, or concepts. Such raters now show more agreement in their ratings than do sophisticated clinicians (who usually project their own subjective views and attitudes into what they hear). This indicates that we are succeeding in precisely describing observable events so that they can be picked out on these tape recordings. On the other hand, we are succeeding only to the extent of reliabilities of .6 to .8—not yet precise enough.
The prediction was that the more the therapist behaves with realness, understanding, and liking, the more the patient will get better—as I originally called it. By this we meant that on our before-and-after tests the patient would show improvement. Outcome tests, on the whole, do indicate whether the patient has gotten better or not. However, the various tests do not always agree with each other. An individual may improve on one test and not on another. Furthermore, even such tests correlate somewhat better with each other than with the judgment of the therapist, the patient, and the hospital staff. These tend to be different. A somewhat different group of patients improved according to the judgment of the ward staff than those who improved on the tests, or those of whom the therapists call improved. But, there is considerable overlap, fortunately. Hence, we are able to define fairly clearly which group of patients are successful and which are not.
It is already certain that the patients did a great deal to us. I might say that our own improvement has been remarkable. It is well known that schizophrenic patients have a way of changing their therapists. They give their therapists powerful experiences, producing growth in them. I think also that if the patients fail to change us, if we hold up our professional [Page 8] images to such an extent that we do not let them change us, then I doubt very much if we are giving them the kind of relationship in which they can get better. Thus, for example, genuineness has changed for us from the mere absence of a false front, to a very active, self-expressive mode of making an interaction [7, 8, 9, 10, 11].
It used to be common that if the client was silent and had nothing to say, the client-centered therapist also sat in a receptive, respectful silence, and waited for the inner process of the client to produce something. I still advocate silence when it is the kind where a person (who has been talking) goes deeply into himself. I still feel strongly that psychotherapy needs periods of silence. These permit concretely felt depth. But, with schizophrenic people we met a different kind of silence, one in which a patient is simply cut off, in which little is happening, clearly an impasse. Here the patient does not know what to do, and I do not know what to do. In that kind of silence I have now learned always to do something. I may talk about the feelings I have. I may talk about being puzzled or wishing I heard something from the patient. I may express a very personal sense of what I wish were happening, what I wishfully imagine he might be doing; I may wonder aloud whether he might be thinking about this or that; I might tell him that I know it is hard to talk about some things. Perhaps that is some of what he is feeling.
I do not say many different things at one moment. I stand or sit for a few silent minutes. I have many feelings. I express one feeling that seems all right to express. A few silent minutes later, I may again say something of what is going on in me. I find that when I am not getting anywhere with a patient, quite a lot is going on in me [11]. I can be very frustrated, I can be very concerned to do something with him, and I can feel very badly that I do not know what to do. I can be very curious, personally interested. I can get quite angry because so much of my own welcoming for this patient is wasted. He is not getting any of it. He has no sense of my waiting for him. All of this makes a very rich "stew" from which I can always take something that feels quite real to me and might give him a sense of what kind of a situation this is. I am perfectly willing, at first, for the patient not to know how to take that, what to do with it, not to be able to respond overtly. I know that when I express myself in this fashion, it constitutes a relationship we both have, even if he remains silent. If my expressions are quite personal, that kind of interaction is going on for both of us, even though he can say nothing. I have the power all by myself to make the kind of relationship I want to happen. I used to wait for it somehow or other to happen, but now I find that nobody can really stop me from making it happen.
We have quite a number of tape recordings in which a very, very moving [Page 9] interaction is going on, but you never hear the patient speak. Instead of T (therapist) C (client)—T C T C T C T C—the typed transcription is T - T - T - T. The entire tape is silences and therapist speaking. One can see how these patients have changed our basic notion of genuineness. The principle is the same as it was: the therapist is the real person he is, rather than a professional front or a professional model. The principle is the same but we behave quite differently, in an active, positive, self-manifesting interaction-making.
A similar development occurred with "empathic understanding." This used to mean, and still means, responding to what is going on in the client. But we used to limit ourselves to what the client said or conveyed, what we knew to be going on. Now we find we can respond to "what goes on in the client" even if he does not say anything. Of course, we may not know what it is we are responding to, but that does not mean we cannot respond! "You look like you feel very sad. I wonder, are you feeling sad? You haven't said anything, so of course I don't know." Or, I can say "I know you are having a rough time" (because I do know that). That is saying much, but yet it is responding to, referring to, what happens in him. I can always refer to his concrete feelings, although crudely, roundly, vaguely, stupidly, sentimentally, imaginatively, foolishly, roughly, inconsiderately, wrongly, but I can point at whatever is going on in him. It may be altogether different than I guess or very vague to him, but I refer to (that in him,) whatever he does feel, and I show in what spirit I view such feelings.
I have described this situation with the most difficult example, when the patient says nothing, shows no expressive behavior, not even with his face or body. But, even when people are speaking quite articulately, we want to respond not to the words we hear and know, but to the felt experiencing, the felt referent, the mass of inner momentary felt meaning, which we do not fully know. This felt experiencing is not what people say but rather what they talk from. And only as they work with this experiencing, and as its felt meanings evolve, does change happen in any psychotherapy [12, 13, 14]. We can respond to, and follow, not only the logic of what is said or the external situations people talk about. Even when people make perfect realistic and logical sense, it is still vital to respond to their felt meanings rather than only to abstract conceptual meanings. For this reason, psychotherapy is not really so different when the patient gives us no concepts. We know less, but we can still respond to the concretely felt events going on in him.
With schizophrenics, the therapist must often not only initiate the interaction, but also keep on making it happen all the time. It does not just develop and continue of its own momentum. When it gets started, that does not mean it will be there next time. At least it may not be at all visible next [Page 10] time. Over and over again the therapist must make a moment of interaction. If he does not, nothing happens.
What is the nature of that "illness"? First of all, "schizophrenia" is (and in our research we took it as) the catch-all category in hospitals, a label attached to anyone who is not clearly manic-depressive, alcoholic, epileptic, or something else one can define. This means it includes about half the hospital's population, and consists of just anyone. Some of these people are no different from anyone else, except that things recently happened to them which made life impossible and pushed them out of the world, so to speak. If someone can help them back into the world, they are not fundamentally different from other people.
Another group in that mixed population were perhaps pushed out of the world very early, never quite fully got into the human interpersonal world. These people may be much more difficult to help. However, I use the same words about them. I think schizophrenics suffer from being disconnected from the world. Being in a hospital, particularly a state hospital, is a late, visible, physical dramatization of their being disconnected from the world. And this is the disease we try to treat in the hospital! At first, these people were abandoned and isolated as persons and often lived in situations which seemed externally all right. Other persons could have existed interpersonally in such a situation, but this person could not. His inward isolation explains why finally he could not last [15]. Being isolated in a hospital in physical space is at least the second sense in which he has been abandoned. First he was abandoned many many times in interpersonal space.
The point I want to make is that human beings are not machines who have loose wires in them or burnt-out tubes. There is not in us the kind of broken machinery that an ideal surgeon can reach and fix, or readjust, or take out the thing that is wrong, or reconnect something inside this machine. We are interactive, experiential organisms [14, 16-23]. When I respond to what goes on in a person, then something goes on in him. Of course, something goes on in him also before I respond. He is in pain, anxious or dulled, he has lost his sense of himself, he does not have any feelings, everything is flat. When I respond (or let us say, when I succeed in responding, because I often try and fail for weeks and months) then something more is suddently going on, he does feel something, there is a surprising sense of self and he feels "Gee, maybe I'm not lost." He does not say that. On the contrary, only then does he first say he feels lost. That is when he first says "There is no place for me in the world." A person can feel and express anything only as he is in an ongoing process. Without any place or world he feels nothing, only weird and selfless. With me there is enough of a place and world so that he feels [Page 11] interactively ongoing. Then he feels lost. It is not the inside that is sick. The "illness" is not internal pieces we have to eradicate. The "illness" is not "in" the human being as if he were a separated, boxed, packaged machine. We live as interactive processes.
How we live toward the world and others, how we sense ourselves in situations and referred to by others, that is us. If there is nobody there to refer to me personally, and if I have not somehow learned in other relationships to respond to myself personally, or cannot now do so, then I am not there, and everything gets very flat, very strange, and very weird. If you have ever spent five or six days by yourself without talking to anyone else, then you know something of the quality of feeling it is. But many people can live well toward nature, or with their own responses to themselves. Others find only stoppage and weirdness when intolerable events and feelings have been ground into dullness and inner isolation has long been permanent.
What kind of an illness is that? We talk of "resolving the symptoms and not reaching the basic illness." This would be the case when there are no more hallucinations but the person is still miserable, cut off, alone. It is then said that "the basic personality trouble" has not changed. Thus, "schizophrenia" is not really the "crazy" symptoms as such. Then again, other people talk of just the opposite: "I know many schizophrenics who are out there in the streets, who are working, and they are all right, but they still have the same crazy experiences," says one well-known therapist. Here the personality difficulty seems ameliorated, but that is not what schizophrenia is, either. Despite solutions in personality difficulty, these people still have "schizophrenic" experiences. It is the symptom-mode which is "crazy." But, we say that the symptoms also are not quite what schizophrenia is. These symptoms can go on or off within minutes. When we cure the symptom we are not content. The overt psychotic manifestations do not really define schizophrenia.
A third factor is indicated in the evidence that schizophrenia is really a relationship [17, 23]. It is a sick way of being married, or a sick family, it is an untenable way of being with another person. One is "isolated" from the world by reacting always within a given single intolerable relationship. Within this relationship one's experiential feeling processes can not be interactively ongoing—yet one is stuck within that relationship and not in the world [14]. Not the bad relationship as such, but the stoppage of experiential process in it, is the "illness."
The policy of many hospitals (in Wisconsin, for example) is to send patients back to the same relatives that signed the patient in. This policy sends him back exactly to the relationship in which he can be no more than his sickness. We are tending in two directions with that problem. One is to treat the whole family, which gives some recognition to this interactive na-[Page 12]ture of the illness [17]. The other direction is to try and make a new life possible for the patient (protected workshops, halfway houses, new lodgings, and work). But, the possibility of a new life for the patient should be held out to him right at the beginning, when he is sitting there silent, has no hope, and nothing to say [11]. I can say to him "I think I can help you get out of the hospital and, if you want to, you can live in the city instead of going home. I suppose you don't believe that you could get out of here, but I do. First you work upstairs, and then we will help you find a job outside, and then I'll help you find another job and a room in town, if you want one. I'll stick with you and get you out of here. I know you don't think that's possible now." If that is held out to patients when it still makes little sense, then the fundamental cut-offness can yield to a beginning interaction process into the world. We must begin by overcoming the break that has happened between the patient and the world, his sense that he is not in the world and can't be. Inside himself he is not feelingly alive to think about this, or feel and express himself about it, hence we must begin by restoring the possibility for such feelings and thoughts.
My conception of the illness: It is not so much what is there, as what is not there. The interactive experiential process is lacking, stuck, deadened in old hurt stoppages, and in disconnection from the world. It cannot be ongoing, except in and toward someone and in the world. If a toaster is unplugged, would you take it apart to find out what is wrong inside of it?
The concrete reality of humans is the experiential process, and this is no purely internal thing, but a feeling-toward others in situations. If it is not ongoing, then it cannot be made ongoing, except as we respond empathically to make interaction happen, as well as reconnect the person at least to a promised and imagined outside situation in which he might be able to live. And only if he can later actually try such situations long before he is objectively well enough to do so, can he usually become well enough to do so. Later, we really must help him with job and room, be available for calls at night and meetings in odd places. It was through what some released patients taught me in this respect that I came to promise such things to other patients at the start.
Of course, we do not yet really understand what schizophrenia is. We cannot claim to know. In addition to symptoms, personality difficulty, and experiential interactive stoppage, there may be physiologic conditions both etiologic and accumulated results of long isolation. If pharmologic help is found, it may greatly speed the recovery. But, someone must respond. Only in being responded to does the patient then seem to have ongoing feelings and therefore, the ability to "be aware" of them. It seems likely that the absence of this experiential interaction process is schizophrenia.
The above talk was given in the Spring of 1963. Since then, some preliminary findings have been reported [24-28]. The project has been completed, and the findings are in press [29]. Here is a brief summary of the findings:
The only test measure which showed statistically significant differences between the therapy group as a whole and the control group was the TAT. The therapy group appeared significantly more improved than the controls on Barrington's [29] TAT analysis (rated "blindly," that is, coded, so that the TAT analyst could not know early from late or success from failure cases).
Both therapy and control groups as a whole showed some degree of improvement. However, if psychotherapy is effective, the group, all of whom received it, should have shown clearly greater changes on most measures.
But, to which patients in the therapy group was effective therapy given? In past researches one had no way of knowing who of the "therapy group" received "psychotherapy" as the researcher would have defined it, and who did not. In the present research we defined "psychotherapy" in terms of both patient and therapist behavior during the interviews. The group, all of whom did receive this psychotherapy, should do clearly better than the controls (even granting that some of them might also have received it).
In the present research it was our main aim to define actual in-therapy behavior. The hundreds of randomly selected, coded segments were analyzed along three variables of therapist behavior (empathy, genuineness, and positive regard) as defined by Rogers [1], and as operationally defined on our rating scales in terms of specific aspects of therapist behaviors. On the patient side, with developments from Rogers Process Scale [2, 3], we measured the patient's level of "experiencing" [4, 12, 13, 14].
Those patients who showed the highest level of experiential engagement in the process of therapy also (with statistical significance) showed the greater improvement on most of our diagnostic tests, and on the MMPI, than either the low process group or the controls.
Similarly, those patients whose therapists were high on empathy and genuineness showed significantly greater improvement both on diagnostic measures and MMPI changes, than either controls or patients whose therapists were low on empathy and genuineness.
Finally, the patients who showed high levels of the process of therapy were also significantly those whose therapists showed the highest levels of empathy and congruence (as already implied above, since both variables correlate significantly with the positive outcome changes).
These findings raise the question: To what extent is belonging to the high group due to therapist characteristics, and to what extent might it be [Page 14] due to patient characteristics? In one part of our project [7] therapists regularly visited one ward so that many patients could see the same therapist, and each therapist could see many of the patients. As a result, we could later measure the extent to which (in that part of the project) the differences between therapists affected the process level of the same patient, as well as the extent to which different patients receive different therapeutic levels from a given therapist. Both effects were found [27], but the effect of the therapist is stronger.
The above findings concern the level (throughout therapy) at which the patient engages in an experiential therapy process. Originally, we had predicted that successful patients would increase this level over the course of therapy. Since then we have found, both with schizophrenic and with more usual neurotic clients [30, 31] that there is only a slight increase during therapy. If the level of engagement in experiential process is sufficient, the individual succeeds in therapy even without a great rise in this level later in therapy.
The Experiencing Scale enables us to measure the extent to which effective psychotherapy is actually ongoing in a given tape-recorded psychotherapy interview (that is, whether that sort of patient behavior is now ongoing which is associated with later successful outcome changes).
There may be considerable implications, both for research design and for practical clinical policies [32] in the fact that, on both patient and therapist behavior variables, we can measure whether or not effective psychotherapy is now taking place, without having to wait some years for outcome measures to tell us so.
Considering these many findings, one should not miss the fact that the degree of success, and the length of time involved (six months to three years) in our work with these patients was broadly speaking not much better or swifter than has been reported by others. Only approximately half of our patient group were really greatly improved. On the other hand, that was the group in which both therapists and patients showed measurably higher levels of that sort of interview behavior we defined as psychotherapy.
How Do I Refer To This Document? An example reference is at the top of this page. Please include the Internet address in the reference, even if you cite the document in a printed article, so that others can find the Gendlin Online Library.
Can I Link Directly To This Document? Yes. We encourage you to link directly to it from your own online documents. We have built "hooks" into this web page to make it very easy to connect to individual pages and headings in the text. For examples, see: How to Link to The Gendlin Online Library.
Biographic Note: Eugene T. Gendlin is a seminal American philosopher and psychologist. He received his Ph.D. in philosophy from the University of Chicago and taught there from 1963 to 1995. His philosophical work is concerned especially with the relationship between logic and implicit intricacy. Philosophy books include Experiencing and the Creation of Meaning, Language Beyond Post-Modernism: Saying and Thinking in Gendlin's Philosophy edited by David Michael Levin, (fourteen commentaries and Gendlin’s replies), and A Process Model. There is a world wide network of applications and practices (http://www.focusing.org) stemming from this philosophy. Gendlin has been honored three times by the American Psychological Association for his development of Experiential Psychotherapy. He was a founder and editor for many years of the Association’s Clinical Division Journal, Psychotherapy: Theory, Research and Practice. His book Focusing has sold over half a million copies and has appeared in seventeen languages. His psychology-related books are Let Your Body Interpret Your Dreams and Focusing-Oriented Psychotherapy.
The Gendlin Online Library is presented by the Focusing Institute, a not-for-profit organization. If you find the library useful, you can contribute to its maintenance and growth, at http://www.focusing.org/gendlin/gol_donations.asp.
Found only in shops that are members of the Tobacconist Association of America this limited production cigar is one of My Fathers Cigars finest. Full bodied with notes of espresso, leather, molasses, and cedar.
It been a while since I have smoked a Gurkha that I can honestly say that I liked, but the Gurkha Cellar Reserve 15 Years is a keeper. Medium to full body in strength with flavors of cedar, leather and earth. This cigar is a must try for the aficionado.
New line of cigars brought to you by Christian Eiroa ( former owner or Camacho Cigars ). You need to think outside the box for this one as the sizes go up to 6 x 80 ring guage. Rolled in Honduras this cigar has flavors of earth, cocoa, espresso bean, black tobacco, sweet notes, and gentle spices.
Eddie Ortega had stepped down as president of EOBrands Cigars. It was also announced that he was starting a new brand, Ortega Cigars, which were to be rolled at the My Father Cigar S.A. in Estelí, Nicaragua. The first line that was released under the new name was the Ortega Serie D. An overall creamy and sweet profile that includes cocoa, pepper and coffee notes dominating and continuing into the final third of the Ortega D.
Better known for the Acid line of cigars the guys at Drew Estate hit it out of the ball park with Willie Herrera at bat. The Herrera Esteli blend is quite Cubanesque: creamy, sweet and very balanced, with a very nice combination of white pepper, nuts and slightly sharp citrus throughout the profile. A very good cigar for just about any time of day.
"Great selection IMO and the owner is really helpful in finding that 'right' cigar if you are new (as I am)."
Fogue & Bates complies with all federal, state, and local statutes, and does not sell tobacco or tobacco accessories to persons under the age of 18. We do not sell cigarettes or e-cigarettes, and we are not a 'head shop'.
Shane firmly believes that it is impossible to own too many books, which is probably why every surface of his house is covered in books and magazines. He will read just about anything that you put in front of him but is the most passionate about science fiction and fantasy. He has been known to obsess over a book or series for years at a time.
What else can be causing almost no air flow out of the ducts? Low bid always wins. Skip to Search Form. The good news is that a condenser coil replacement is very rare. We have been customers for several years and have always been pleased.
Obviously individual financial circumstances have to be taken into consideration, and sometimes you have to choose the lesser of two evils. And to test the system for other possible problems. Galvanic corrosion, also known as dissimilar metal corrosion, occurs when aluminum is electrically connected to a more noble metal, and both are in contact with the same electrolyte.
Comfort applications aim to provide a building indoor environment that remains relatively constant despite changes in external weather conditions or in internal heat loads. We work every day to bring you discounts on new products across our entire store. Is your home warm in the winter? You are a joke, you say the quotes I recieved are valid? In this case, the control system is very critical to maintaining a proper temperature. Local businesses like this one promote thriving, distinctive communities by offering a rich array of goods and services to locals like you.
Therefore, I also wanted to avoid the mess of additional demolition and construction. The particular method used will depend on the experience of the installer, the size of your lot, the subsoil, and the landscape. Ac stopped working suddenly. Good luck and follow all safety rules and common sense. American Standard Condensing Units Reviews - Consumer Ratings. If you decide to patch up the leak, you will have to leave the permanent one in place while you do it.
I can also make a small hole in the cap to put the nozzle of a sprayer through to directly spray disinfectant into the upwind side. Ductless Mini Split Accessories. Ducting that serves as a highway for the conditioned air to travel to your rooms. It this the compasitor?
There are also other types of heat pumps, such as hybrid pumps, which draw their energy from a gas boiler, and absorption pumps, which operate on water heated by solar panels or geothermal energy. Unfortunately, there will come a time when even the most properly maintained furnace. I have a heat pump and my air conditioning will not kick on. If it is installed wit… This course introduces the principles of industrial safety. There is no good, better or best option. This will not only lower the lifetime cost of the unit, but extend it as well.
What other info do you need? The first thing you should look into is the condenser pump as it could be broke. Any great contractor at point of sale should offer you a parts AND Labor warranty. If the drainpipe backs up with water, the float switch will shut off the air conditioner. What you need to do is get a new pump sprayer and direct a stream of very warm water from the far side i. In heating mode, the coefficient of performance is the ratio of heat provided to the energy used by the unit.
I have since put the new cap back on but have no idea what to check from here. Not sure if the propylene is glass reinforced or not.. Starlight Ranch Mobile Home Estates is displayed on the Pine Castle USGS quad topo map. So, let us know - how can we improve this site? Not many companies can say that.
A portable system has an indoor unit on wheels connected to an outdoor unit via flexible pipes, similar to a permanently fixed installed unit. Repair or Service Furnace or Forced Air Heating System. Should I be replacing forced Air Conditioning Repair Altamonte Springs FL unit, directing air duct flow, or supplementing it with a Mr.
Review prepositions of place with this extra listening activity. Then challenge your students to make their own recording.
Happy first day of spring! Teach your English learners some fun idioms and expressions. Then have them show off their new language in this simple skit.
English Language Teachers are passionate about their learners and field; therefore, it should be no surprise that many have gathered to advocate for equality for their learners and colleagues. This International Women’s Day, Shelly Terrell shares some of the causes, which are ensuring all ELTs and their students are treated fairly no matter their gender, culture, economic status, or native language.
The gym where my wife works is running a contest. Obviously, employees and family members aren’t eligible, but when I went to pick her up tonight and was waiting for her to pack up her stuff, I took a look at the pad of entry forms.
The fine print at the bottom starts off like this: “No purchase necessary. Must be 18 years or older and a member of [gym name] in good standing to enter to win.” (Gym name omitted to protect the guilty.)
That’s right. No purchase necessary to enter, except for the minor matter of the purchase that’s necessary to qualify to enter in the first place.
Jennie isn’t actually allowed to talk to customers about how much a membership costs — only the membership counselors can do that. (You’d think it was a union shop, for crying out loud.) So she wasn’t 100% sure how much a membership costs, but she did mention that not only do you have to pay a hefty enrollment fee, but you also have to pay a hefty “processing fee”. I checked with their Web site to confirm the exact details, and it’s true — $119 enrollment fee, plus $79 processing fee, plus $36.99 per month for the ongoing dues. Ouch.
So there actually is a purchase necessary, to the tune of a minimum of $234.99. But you know, that’s such a small thing.
Scientists, who published their work in the "Gut" journal, say taking drugs may alter gut bacteria, making a child more susceptible to putting on weight.
The study examined antibiotic and antacid prescriptions for 333,353 children in their first two years and followed their medical records up to the age of eight.
Being prescribed antibiotics during early childhood increases obesity risk by 26 per cent, irrespective of the type of antibiotic.
Young children who are prescribed antibiotics and antacids to tackle excess stomach acid might have a greater risk of obesity.
Boys, those born after a caesarean section, and those whose parents were below officer rank were more likely to become obese.
The findings further revealed that antibiotics or acid suppressants was associated with a heightened risk of obesity by the age of 3 - the average age at which obesity was first identified in these children.
Speaking about it, Dr Cade Nylund from the University of the Health Sciences in Maryland, senior author of the study said that there are too many unnecessary antibiotics being prescribed to infants who may not need them, for things like common colds. Antacid drugs also affected the microbiome's make-up and were linked to a heightened risk of obesity.
In all, 72.5 per cent had been prescribed an antibiotic; just under 12 per cent an H2RA; and just over three per cent a PPI during that period. a total of 5,868 children were prescribed all three types of drug.
Dr Max Davie of the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health said the USA research did not take into account other causes of child obesity such as their home environment or mother's weight.
They add: "There is an important therapeutic role for microbiota-altering medications. The long term risks to health must be weighed against the short-term benefits".
But the researchers also pointed out that over prescription of both antibiotics and acid suppressants, including in young children, is "a significant problem".
Mr Wright said that coordinating the date of the two changes would mean the government would not be hit by a fall in tax revenue. The Conservative MP had lobbied hard for the cut to be implemented as soon as possible, in April 2019.
Micron is walking a fine line: It has beefed up operations in Taiwan and has a plant and customers in mainland China. A Justice Department spokesman said the defendants were served summonses in Taiwan and that none is in US custody.
What we needed was support to get the system back on its feet but what we have is yet another sticking plaster. By 2022 we will have around £35 to 40 million less per year.
One Butts County woman whose husband is on the registry told WXIA that "threats have been made" thanks to the sign in her yard.
Kristin Kolaszewski, a Green Bay area mom, knows how tricky Halloween can get when there's a child at home with food allergies. Hy-Vee is now selling $1 gifts and teal pumpkins, hoping that more people will participate in this project.
Tennessee's electric chair was inspected on October 10 and found to meet the criteria for an execution, state documents show. The last person to be executed by electrocution in the USA was Robert Gleason, who was put to death in Virginia in 2013.
The government of former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak set up 1Malaysia Development Berhad, or 1MDB, in 2009. Leissner pleaded guilty to conspiring to commit money laundering and to violating foreign anti-bribery laws.
Purdue wide receiver Rondale Moore would go 11-16 gaining 74-yards on his plays leading among the Boilermakers receivers with D.J. Purdue: The Boilermakers host No. 18 Iowa next Saturday in a game that could have major implications in the Big Ten West race.
On the job, she is partnered with Nancy McKenna (Alba), a working mother who's envious of Syd's no-strings-attached lifestyle. Taking to Instagram on Halloween, Lawrence shared a photo of himself alongside Smith.
Olive and her younger sister Anne were both Voluntary Aid Detachment nurses with the British Red Cross during the War. Captain Maurice Lupton served with the 7th Battalion West Yorkshire Regiment and also spent time in the trenches.
The composition of gut bacteria (the microbiome ) has been linked to various aspects of human health, including obesity. Researchers said the drugs may alter gut bacteria, making a child more susceptible to weight gain.
Yakuza Kiwami is the remake of the 2007 title, and it's been stunningly reworked to feel nearly as slick as the modern games. For players still gaming with Sony's previous generation hardware, Jackbox Party Pack 2 and Arkedo Series are your freebies.
A hot potato: For as long as it's been around, WhatsApp has avoided shoehorning ads into the app, but that's about to end. Way back in 2012, the company posted an impassioned blog post entitled: " Why we don't sell ads ".
A front-end accessory drive kit, including alternator, power steering pump, belts, pulleys and other items is an optional extra. The Hellcat needs no introduction here at Motor Authority but the Elephant may not be familiar with all readers.
Sabbat is also accused of not being photographed at least once wearing Spectacles in Milan or Paris. The contract stated that Sabbat was to be paid $60,000 in total, with $45,000 upfront.
Die neue Einigkeit: Bloggers Join the Mainstream. A syndication service that delivers commentary from 600 bloggers for use by newspaper publishers is set to launch on Tuesday, further blurring the lines that divide blogs and mainstream media.
Cake Shop Bakers Arms is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Hearrt Cascading Stairs Cake Tin is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Moist Vanilla Cake Recipe Using Oil is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Polish Cabbage Cake Recipes is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Recette Cake Jambon De Bayonne is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Watch Piece Of Cake On Free Putlocker is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
One of my favourite books on selling is Influence: the Psychology of Persuasion by Robert Cialdini. It may sound like a theoretical text book but, trust me, it’s a great read. In his book, available through Amazon, CLICK HERE Cialdini gives example after example of crafty ploys people get us to act the way they want us to. In one experiment he sets up a queue for the photocopier in a large office. The […]
I haven't been hanging around this site in ages. It's showing in our current spending. This has got to stop because we want to do some major work around this place this summer and my boyfriend plans on starting classes this fall (one class at a time). And I have 5 left.
I haven't posted in over a year. So hi to all the new people and everyone who may remember me. I'll try to be around. I'm in so many places at once these days that I may just keep up the blog and not read much of the message boards. I do miss it but ... between everything on my plate I can't have it all.
And I saved some money today. DD pulled the PS2 down (accidnetly I was playing and she fell onto the controller cord and crash it went). And it would no longer open. We were gonna get it fixed after Christmas, and DH was all disppointed.
But I went online and found out how to take it apart. and it works again. Waiting for him to check his email so he can find out. HAHAHA ... I'm the best. I'll make a point of posting here more often. We are done with gov't debt too, yay. Lots of yays and it's 2 days til Christmas
IT's nearing the end of the month. We have no money, of course. We'd have a little if not for our little trip and our new VCR. DH's life is watching movies, so I conceded we could buy one now instead of 2 weeks from now.
We keep saying we'll fix it next month. Next month, next month. DH gets 3 pay checks next month and 2 stat days for sure. Then there's January 1st for a stat day. He hopes to work all 3. Fine by me.
We're getting colds. Got a sore throat today. I blame work, since one of my co-workers has a horrible cough. Wish I had money for some echinacea. If it even really works. Guess I'll go brew some tea and pull the humidifier up from DD"s room.
It's wednesday, that means parenting group day. Hooray!! DD isn't too sure about it, but she'll be okay once she is there.
It seems that the Calliou video we got from my SIL has ruined (both) VCR's. I made the assumption (wrongly) that it was a bug's life or that the VCR was dirty. So I switched to the other VCR, which has a habit of eating tapes (so it's not the best one to use anyway). Neither of them will show a tape now. If I go the menu I can hear the tape, and I can almost see when using the tracking. But, the tracking is what seems to be ruined. I can't manual track the tape and the auto track is dead.
Wonder how cheap we can get a new VCR. Very unhappy. Won't tell DH about using the second VCR. He thinks it's dead anyway. VERY PISSED OFF asrai right now. DD is just getting into Calliou so I was hoping that things would work out well for us with the tape. Nope it's killed 3 VCR's now, since I'm assuming that it killed SIL's as well. ARGH ARGH ARGH. Damned. Gotta go write DH a note and tell him that the VCR is dead dead dead.
It cost us $80 in gas alone to get to SIL and back. We'll we have nearly a full tank of gas left. Half way between here and there gas is super cheap. Here it is 79.9/liter and there we paid 72.4cents/liter.
Then we bought some food on the way there and back which was I guess $20. And then we exchanged presents which cost another $20. And there were some other incidentals, so about $130 we spent on one weekend that was VERY stressful.
4 kids, 2 room house. 3 smokers. The kids are 7 year old boy, 4 year old with Down's Syndrome girl, and 3 year old girl.
DD is rather shy and quiet. Their kids are CRAZY, nutso. They just want to be in our poor girl's face all the time and she doesn't know what to do. She did play with them, espcially their 7 year old son. The middle girl was always hugging and in her face, she's a very lovey kid, and is well intentioned but DD just can't take it.
my sister in law went shopping twice. Once without the kids, and once with two kids. ARGH. Like 6 hours of shopping with her. I don't mind shopping. But boy oh boy she likes to spend. They went into their overdraft while we are there. (They have no savings, and make a decent income. No debt but they smoke ... and not just cigerettes. At least they go outside for the latter).
It was supposed to DH's and I weekend together. We only get minimal time togheter. So SIL and I went out. And then he went out with his brother in law for 3 hours and i was asleep when he got back. So I was a little rude when the guys got back, 'cause I was pissed I never saw him all evening.
IT was a total of 8 hours driving. DD did REALLY good. The last bit she was getting antsy, not that I blame her.
In preperation for my test (that and DD's computer obessesion) I haven't been online much. Just reading my email. We're going away for the weekend so I won't be here then. Changing all my yahoo groups to no mail so I'm not clobbered on Sunday eve when we return. Just the freecycle stuff and my financial bootcamp emails will come in.
Got DD a library card yesterday. Because they don't charge late fees for kids books. Although I keep thinking I'm late on things and they never charge me. I can't argue with it tho.
We've spent $130 on groceries this month so far. And should be under a hundred more. I should start the new list now. The menus have helped tremendously. Next month I should be able to buy chicken breasts again. YUM! We finally have money and are paying off debt. It's exciting. When our debt is paid off we'll have just over $500 in expendable income. Which will be saved for school and then we'll have no money.
Attempt #1 to post was thwarted by DD's desire to play on the computer and then it was time for exercises. I do aerobics everyday that DH works. Added to DD and I going for a walk.
We're doing good this month it should be a decent month despite my pitiful work hours. They keep saying "Things will pick up next week." I'm still waiting for next week a month later. And despite that we are going on a 4 hour car ride (one way).
OTher than that, we haven't spent a lot of money. DH keeps wanting to spend spend spend as usual. And i would like a few things for myself. I'm getting a little resentful.
Writing my 3rd exam this week and the final one next week. Phew. Have a good day. Supper is nearly ready.
I've have 28 hours of work this week. Tomorrow is a stat day so double time for most of the day. Hooray for me (it's dependent on the hours you work per week *rolls eyes*).
Anyway, Red Deer freecycle has 100 members. This is the most exciting news for me. We've been open since June 25, and we have 100 members!!! Doing a happy dance right now.
I've finished reading my text book now I just have to write my tests. And print the last assignment off and send it. I should do that now.
Learned about anger managment today in my parenting class. That was interesting might have to post about that later if I have some time. And then went ot my mom's. Went shopping today spent less than I thought we would and should have a juice supply for the rest of the month. Have to enter that information in my spreadsheet. I'm tracking everything to find out where we need to cut down (extra's and add more into the fruit and veggies category) to try to get the balanced diet/balanced budget we need and desire.
ANyway it's nearly nine I just got back from my mom's. And I have to eat snack, get ready for bed, do some housework (OR NOT), and get to bed.
Had a lazy day today. Typed out my final assignment I just have to read it over once and then print it out. Hooray for that.
Havne't been spending much but on food lately. Have to pay a bill today and move some money into savings.
DH made a shelf for his movies. We have a few hundred movies. Over 200 anyway, not sure the tally anymore.
My menus I made up are working well. It sure helps me when shopping I look at next weeks menus and decide what is needed from that.
Got a letter from my insurance company as of last month our insurance is $20 less a month. So we got a $50 credit this month in leiu of last month. This is exciting news for us. We both had an accident in 99 and it takes 7 years to get rid of that. and I'm also a young driver (which no longer matters in Alberta).
There was a stat day last month that DH and I had. (which made up for hte day that DH had to miss when I got my concussion) and hten there is one this month as well. DH has it off, so it's a paid day off and I work. NOt sure what that means for me since my hours are so crap anyway.
I have to go write a shopping list for tomorrow for the next two weeks worth of food. Have a good day.
Tonight around midnight DH gets paid. Hooray we can buy food again. We almost nothing left. Couldn't even buy milk today so DD and I get to have toast in the morning. I'll have to hide two peices in the fridge for DH's lunch. Or maybe I"ll just grab another loaf, we eat a lot of bread.
Today was a stressful day. Worked 5 hours, coulda been 6, but I didn't want to be too rushed getting to my parenting class for 1 PM. I hate to turn down hours since EVERYONE is getting cut down the next two weeks.
Explain how we lose an employee and still have less hours than usual. I'm so frustrated. Trying to just let it go and let the universe figure it out. If need be I'll just have to pay less on the debts for the moment and catch up when the money comes in.
Did 3 chapters today. Have 6 left and I have to type out my final assignment. And then two tests. Ach!
DH's smokes didn't last more than 2 weeks, in fact for the last month he was making 2 more days than 2 weeks and today it's 2 days early and he's whining for money.
My hours are still being cut down. The latest person to get hired (one rung down the ladder from me) just quit and I'm still getting crappy hours. It's frustrating. But I'm trusting the universe to provide for us. Which I hope means I get my hours up. Or win the lottery. LOL. No, we don't buy lottery tickets.
My back hurts from facing. I wasn't supposed to be facing today but the truck was late. Again. I guess it comes through the mountains.
Trying the potty thing again. Not going well. She's went four times in her underpants and zero times in the potty. THe problem is we cloth diaper and we've lost a pair of plastic pants and the ones we have get really gross really fast and I don't have any money right now for new ones.
I just checked my freecycle group and we have 95 members!! since june 25. That's exciting for me. We'd have over a 100 messages this month. 50 + items offered/wanted.
DD and I went out for a half hour. I can ration that candy to last a year. DD will not be happy with that.
It's cold enough out that th ecandy we bought should last us another year. Except for DH. He'd eat it all in one night and then be sick for a week. :P
Other than that I"m jsut enjoying my two days off. This is gonna be a long week. 26 hours. I guess that's not too bad. Then 24 hours the next week.
Now I have to do some dishes. I didn't make tortillas today like I had planned. Need to do that tomorrow. DH has tomorrow off as well. That rarely happens. and it doesn't really matter. The only thing that changes when he has a day off is I make something meaty for supper and when I'm off it means he has an extra hour to sleep.
Well, we have no money or very little but everything is paid. But what does DH do? Leaves his sandwhich on the cupboard. :P He's over 15 minutes away, I have no vehicle, means he's grabbing fast food. GRR!
Did light stocking today. The asst. manager (who drove me h ome on Thursday) had a fit because I had a heavy box on my wheeler, but I was taking the items out indivdually and putting them on the shelf. Head feels not too bad.
Finally got some more hours in two weeks. I had 12, it's double that now. PHEW!! Was having panicks, I need 20 some hours so I can pay off debt the way I plan. I want out of debt ASAP. Plus, there's the visit and christmas pictures to do this month. But DH gets paid 3 times in December/January (depending on when the checks get deposited) so we should get back on track then.
I was opening the wrap on a skid yesterday morning at 7:00 Am. and the skids were ALL very unbalanced, stuff was falling off as we were unloading the truck (or kelly was and i watched him do it since I"m too weak to move a skid). I was bent down and three boxes fell off and at least one of them hit the back of my head.
About five minutes later I had split most of the skid and then I was whoozy and puking. So hi ho, off to the emergency ward we go. I had vomitted three times, so they did a CT scan. And all is fine. I'm still dizzy today.
Had to go into work today and fill out worker's compensation forms so they can pay me for the time I missed. It has all been very much fun.
Somewhere according to my calculations we should have more money than we do, but I don't know where. I have everything accounted for in the register, so I'm not sure where I got these other numbers from.
Watched a solar eclipse tonight. Had some sasuage manicotti. Meet some neighbours who invited DD and I over for coffee.
The problem is the people around here who have kids are old or single mothers. (The ones I know anyway). No one for DH to visit with. I"m trying to talk him into taking a father's only parenting class.
DD is still sleeping on the sofa. She wanted to get up but then I was watching Good Morning Canada, she fell asleep on me so I set her down and came to read my email.
My ISP was testing out some new anti-virus email scanning so I got no emails Friday and they ALL came on Saturday and Sunday. 200+. (I belong to many email groups, although I've cut down, plus my freecycle group email that needs to be moderated.
Re-reading the $10/week grocery list from budget101.com Always helpful. Especially when we are going to get groceries today.
I'm taking a parenting course for young parents. And I brought the book home to read. In the budgeting sectiion there is a page about food and what the average person should spend per month dependent on age.
For myself it's $150, DH: nearly 200 and DD almost a hundred. THat's just for food. They have all the other things paper, cleaners, etc at over 100 and then DD's diapers on top of that. That's like nearly double the amount we spend now on everything (we use cloth diapers for one). It's insane. There would be so much junk food in this house if we spent that.
Anyway DD is up, so we are going to make up some oatmeal. and I'm going ot add raisins to the shopping list as we are out.
DD is napping on the sofa. I'm watching Passions. Which has got to be the stupidest soap on tv. I find it so amusing.
Just go the flyers for next weeks shopping. Sugar is on 2 for 1, at a 50 cents saving per bag from the cheapest I can buy it so I'll buy a few of them. Nothing else much there. More flyers will arive on Sunday. Today has just been a boring day.
$600 dollars I guess. DH got paid today. I get paid tomorrow, my check will have a stat day on it, DH's next paycheck will have the stat day on it. This paycheck basically goes to rent.
Made some of the the chicken tonight. Maid chicken chow mein but it hasn't been as good as the first time I made it. Very disappointing.
The guy from freecycle came and picked up the snowsuits today. I guess I can say I give becuase we donate a lot of DD"s clothing and other things around the house that we have an abundance of.
My mom and her bf are going to kill one of his cows. And they are going ot give/we are going to buy some meat from it. Good meat. I hate buying it from the store, we can only afford the cheap cheap stuff and it's always fatty and tough and not good. So hopefully this will save us some money and we'll get good food and fill the freezer.
I did make bread yesterday and cookies. With 2/3 the amount of sugar, they taste good despite me doubling the baking soda. I froze half of the dough for later becuase they tend to get hard.
Bought $20 worth of groceries for $15 today at work. Card saves money. Of course I checked my price book first and they prices were good. So that was my saving for the day. How was your day?
Been up since 7:30 (2 1/2 hour sleep in!). Did aerobics. DD got and we had breakfast. She's dresed I'm not. She's watching her show and then we'll go brush teeth and get dressed.
We bought 5 kg of chicken legs yesterday for $8.60 (CD). Gonna cook them in the crockpot when we want them because they take so long in the oven, it takes less energy. I used to thaw them and cut them but that takes forever. If I cook them in the crockpot long enough they should just fall off the bone and then I'll cut them up. Maybe I'll do some up and freeze the cut up chicken cubes for stirfrys and such. I also have 3 kg of chicken drumsticks I bought last month ($15 I think maybe $11) that I can do things with. Both DD and I love chicken. DH would rather have hamburger.
I can also take the bones after I cook the chicken legs and make soup. In september I bought a whole chicken that i made for motherinlaw and me for supper that I made broth with. SO I have lots, but there's always room for more. Our freezer we bought last year is getting very full. I need to organize it somehow.
Going to get boots for DD today. And a gentleman is coming to pick up her last year's winter coat. Freecycle. It was given to me and is brand new. Prolly still fit my small girl, but she got a brand new one given to her from my uncle that i would like to wear.
Our furnace is out. It won't stay going. We found the space heater not that's making a difference, but my socks are wet. I guess I should go change and get some lunch.
Got two of the three buckets processed and mostly frozen. There's a bit left that I'm not s ure what to do with. Anyway it has been some work but it should save some money. Gonna give some to my mom her bf likes applesauce I guess.
DD made it to the potty during her bath. (more or less made it. disinfecting the toys now) She often has a BM during bath time but has been catching it lately. IT's terribly exciting for me. B ut only something a mom can understand.
I'm going to write a to do list of things I want to get done this week while I have three days off (today being one of them). I've done 3 weeks of menus. I don't know what else we seem to eat the same things over and over. I need a fourth week at least for variety. Some things can remain the same but y'know. not that DH is home to know the difference, but I do make enough for him to eat when he gets home or DD and I for lunch the next day.
I also have to write a shopping list. We don't have a lot of money this week so I have to write and stick a list.
Blah .. that took more effort and time then I wanted. But I got most of one ice cream pail done. GODS I have three pails ... but it should be good in my muffins instead of all the oil and sugar they use. Well I still need some of those items but not as many. I'll do some more tomorrow. The kitchen is clean now.
I wonder how much an hour I'm making doing up these apples. How much does a bottle of applesauce cost? I can't remmber not an item I buy.
It snowed here today. Well something between midnight and 5 AM (It was still raining at midnight when DH came in). It was melting when I was heading to work, but then again that was on the car that I had just started. The temperture felt nice out then, at 5 AM.
So I went to work and the truck of freight was just arriving. YAY and hour late!! Grr, so we got that unloaded and then I started to work and Kelly did nothing. As usual. The men there are so lazy. Me and Joan got loads done tho.
DD is watching "songs". Mostly kids singers from the 80's Sharon Lois and Brahm and Sandra Beech (S, L, B are Canadian). It's funny to see the hair and clothing they have on. Brings back memories. Mother In law got it for her for her birhtday she LOVES it.
Tomorrow off. YAY. But my apples got snowed on before I could get them Damned anyway. I really wanted to make some applesauce. Gotta figure out what we are having for supper. DD won't anything anyway *rolls eyes*
Finally a freecycle worked out. Sort of. I went shopping with my mom but left the dresser out side and she picked it up. There is so much room in DD"s room. If only I could get rid of those silly boxes of clothes. But I find it hard to give away BRAND NEW clothing. I kept only the brand new stuff and stuff that was too cute. I want to give it away, but to someone in the family or circle of friends y'know. Since all the clothing I got was given to me by the same.
A lady is bringing me soem apples tomorrow. From her tree. Gonna make apple sauce for muffins since using oil is bloody expensive. it takes 1 c of oil and 4 eggs (I only use 1 egg and 3 egg subsituttes of cornstrach and water) for the silly recipe. I think I'm out of carrots anyway, but the apple sauce will good for baking and DD will eat it. Hopefully, the kid won't eat anythibg lately.
I'm done assignment #1. One paper and two tests and 12 chapters to go. HEHE ... um ... i better go get to work.
I have til December ?? to get this done. Sitll don't know when in December but I plan to be done before December. I'm going ot have the next test done by the end of October and the paper done by mid-November and final exam done by late late November at the latest.
On other fronts we have no money as usual and have been spending on food as usual. I need to get our
Didn't I write an entry yesterday? Can't remember. *sigh* Apparently not. Maybe I dreamed it. I have very real dreams that I can't tell apart from reality sometimes. Once I dreamt I talked to my SIL on the phone nad had to ask DH the next day if that had really happened. I'm not crazy really.
Yeah I remember I wrote about the stuff I'm giving away on freecycle. A dresser of DD's that we no longer need. We had so much extra stuff from my sister-in-law that we needed it to store everything but now that's all gone and the dresser is just taking up room. A lady is coming ot pick that up on Thursday.
I forgot to phone the other lady yesterday about DD's last year snowsuit that she would like. It's a nicenice snowsuit I could prolly consign for a goodly amount of money but I would rather give it since it was given to me.
We also have a big bag of clothes and toys of DD"s and other random household items to give to a charity. It's overflowing so I guess I should take it down.
Have some school work to get finished today (FINALLY gonna have my #1 paper done. Then I have to write test #3 write paper #2 and test #4 and i'me DONE!! Wohoo). Anyway the point is paper #1 is gonna be done.
Got taken out for THanksgiving supper. My mom and her boyfriend took DD and I out. Dh is working tonight. Double time pay!! wohoo. I got paid for not working. Gotta love those stat days. This will make up for last week and next weeks cut down of hours. Not to mention the stereo DH talked me into buying. It is considered our Christmas present tho. We are also going to buy some blinds for the bedrooms.
I'm giving away DD"s last years snowsuit and a dresser to Freecyclers. YAY. Hopefully it'll work out this time. Last two people never did show up. Oh well, if they don't it's going to charity. Along with a chair that no one wants (it's missing a leg and we have no room to put it so we don't feel the need to replace it). I also have a big bag of DD's clothes and toys and some of my toys and household items that will be donated.
After Christmas we will be selling her crib as well. My dad is buying her a bed, as far as I am aware of.
I broke my freecycle rules tho. I have a paper to be written after I interveiw three children in three age groups to determine their development of conservation (that matter, volume of liquid, number stay the same even if the appearance changes ... I looked for some links online but couldn't find anything useful). Anyway I don't know anyone in the city that has kids that age (well o ne person but she's fallen of the earth so I had to give up and move on) so I posted to freecycle looking for volunteers. It's gonna bit me in the ass I know. But I had to I have to get this done. That tarot cards told me I opened Pandora's box, which I hope means that it will turn out okay.
DD is watching a cartoon so I should go do the dishes. As much as I don't want to. It's back to work tomorrow and Wednesday is off for both DH and I. That never happens. Not like it matters much I'm exhausted by 10 PM period, working or not. IT sucks. But someday things will be back to normal.
Making tortillas this morning. Did my budget for food according to Jo's budget files on 4on4@yahoogroups.com. She's a very frugal lady.
According to what I want to spend a month on food I should be spending about 2.30/meal for the three of us. (Of course, DD's portions are 1/4 the size of DH's. Maybe less).
There is $52/category/month to spent on food. Meat, grains, fruits and vegs, milk and the like and misc food. I think I can work within those categories. BUt I have to start tracking how much is spent in each category. I also haven't yet made my menus up. BAD. I'm the one who talked about them the most and i haven't done it.
This web site contains about Paris 2013 (Taschen Wall Calendars) half a dozen thousand ebooks from countless authors. The bunch of these publications are usually in the following different types: fictions/novels, short experiences, poems, essays, has, nonfictions. Many of such books are vintage works of National Literature, English Books, and Irish Materials from well-known authors such as William Shakespeare, Draw Twain, Charles Dickens, Oscar Wilde, Robert Fros, Edgar Allan Poe, Alexander Pope, Arthur Conan Doyle, Anne Austen. and more authors’ works will probably be added to the web collection. With these special webpages, you will come across Paris 2013 (Taschen Wall Calendars) many award winning publications intended for your online reading. Appreciate and please tell a buddy, thanks.
*This Paris 2013 (Taschen Wall Calendars) has been transmitted via an external affiliate, we can therefore furnish no guarantee for the existence of this file on our servers. Paris 2013 (Taschen Wall Calendars) matches keywords, searched from 3rd-party sites, to affiliate-networks offering unlimited access to licensed entertainment content. Paris 2013 (Taschen Wall Calendars) allows visitors, otherwise looking for free-content to enjoy more for less
Practice Exercises for the TOEFL: 7th Edition (Barron's Practice Exercises for the Toefl) (Barron's Educational Series) word Download
The Disappearing L: Erasure of Lesbian Spaces and Culture (SUNY series in Queer Politics and Cultures) read online
Pakistan’s Federal Budget Bill 2011-12 for the next year has just been announced and tabled in the parliament and we are pleased to share with you the salient features of this Pakistan Budget bill with […]
App note: How current and power relates to losses and temperature rise on inductors and transformers – gStore
App note: How current and power relates to losses and temperature rise on inductors and transformers
Core and winding losses in inductors and transformers cause a temperature rise whenever current flows through a winding. These losses are limited either by the allowed total loss for the application (power budget) or the maximum allowable temperature rise.
For example, many Coilcraft products are designed for an 85°C ambient environment and a 40°C temperature rise implying a maximum part temperature of +125°C. In general, the maximum allowed part temperature is the maximum ambient temperature plus temperature rise. If the losses that result in the maximum allowed part temperature meet the power budget limits, the component is considered acceptable for the application.
The Solution: If you’re replacing your refrigerator with a new energy-efficient model, ask if the appliance retailer will pick up and recycle your old fridge when they deliver the new one.
If that’s not an option, for a limited time, PECO will pick up your old, inefficient refrigerator through the PECO Smart Appliance Recycling Program. The fridge must be between 10 and 30 cubic feet in size, and it must be empty and working at the time of pick-up. As an added bonus, they’ll give you $35 for the old appliance. And, if you happen to have a spare air conditioner lying around, they’ll take that off your hands as well (and give you $25 for it). Participation is first-come, first-serve, and they’ll continue the program until funding runs out. You can participate by visiting pecosmartideas.com/programsandrebates.
If you miss out on the PECO deal, there are a few other places that will take your refrigerator. Northeast Philadelphia-based Safe Disposal (7333 Milnor St., 215-332-3134) and Conshohocken-based Recycle Metals Corporation (407 Alan Wood Rd., 610-838-5553) will remove the refrigerant and recycle the unit. Be prepared to pay a small disposal fee.
The Eco-Aware Consumer: When buying a new refrigerator, look for the big yellow EnergyGuide label on the unit. It will tell you how much energy it uses, and if it qualifies for Energy Star. Purchase an Energy Star-qualified model to save the most on your electric bills. Additionally, buy the right size unit for your household so you’re not using energy to cool more cubic feet than you need. Consider a refrigerator with a top-mounted freezer—it’ll use 10 to 25 percent less energy than its bottom-mount or side-by-side counterparts. Forgo the icemaker and save 14 to 20 percent on energy use.
In response to July's Recycling Challenge (Plastics No. 3-7), reader Joe Rosato wrote: "Collingswood, NJ, has a large dumpster by the Police Station and in the Bike Share driveway on Atlantic Ave. that accepts plastics No. 3-7. Easy drop offs. No hassles." Thanks Joe!
We love Philadelphia as much as you do. Thank you for joining a community of people who want to make our city great.
“When it comes to politics, it’s important to remember that kids are constituents, too. Just because they can’t vot… https://t.co/NOh78xKMeK
Grid's editor in chief considers that there are no quick solutions to the environmental problems that we have creat… https://t.co/kXX8i1aU4z
Attend this meeting and have your voice heard regarding developments in North Philadelphia. https://t.co/U8cKIclQLI https://t.co/l7rtSwGSS2
A professional cyclist leads the way to make the sport more inclusive and accessible. https://t.co/zSoZIMGRQt
Are there connections between music and sustainability? A closer look reveals they're more related than it may seem… https://t.co/4IqH4CGHWZ
The Garbage is a State of Mind keynote speech tonight is FREE and open to the public! More info here:… https://t.co/Wcn2XU2u26
Some individuals suffering from chronic illnesses have found relief through holistic medicine.… https://t.co/yNXG8F61b6
Make sure you stay in the know about bike safety and the law. https://t.co/zT6IIVtsWj https://t.co/pEEqK7KIZo
A new series examines the lives and contributions of Black women living in Philadelphia. https://t.co/707B4WRl9o https://t.co/RMSRRJRGEw
A civil action in which the plaintiff claimed a regulatory taking was ripe for adjudication, where the defendant town conservation commission reached a final decision regarding the plaintiff's land, and where the plaintiff had exhausted his available State remedies. [723-724]
Discussion of the law of regulatory takings where the burdens placed on land are so onerous as to require compensation. [724-726]
This court concluded that in an action alleging a regulatory taking, the extent of contiguous commonly-owned property gives rise to a rebuttable presumption defining the relevant parcel, but the presumption may be overcome by factors such as the use of noncontiguous land for a single unified economic purpose or the treatment of contiguous parcels as separate, distinct economic units. [726-731]
The judge in a civil action properly concluded that the defendant town conservation commission's denial to the plaintiff of an order of conditions for his property (because construction of a home on the property would violate a local wetlands protection bylaw) did not constitute a regulatory taking in violation of the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution, where the plaintiff presented insufficient evidence to overcome the rebuttable presumption that his two contiguous parcels should be treated as one unit [731-733], and where the wetlands protection bylaw did not impermissibly interfere with the plaintiff's reasonable investment-backed expectations, the economic impact of the defendant's action was not significant enough to rise to the level of a taking, and the character of the defendant's action did not support the conclusion that application of the bylaw was a taking [733-736].
A motion for partial summary judgment was heard by S. Jane Haggerty, J.; a subsequent motion for summary judgment was heard by Bonnie H. MacLeod, J., and entry of final judgment was ordered by her.
SPINA, J. This appeal asks us to define the "relevant parcel" in a regulatory takings analysis. The plaintiff, John M. Giovanella, owned two contiguous lots in Ashland. One of the lots contained a house. Giovanella sought an order of conditions from the defendant, the conservation commission of Ashland (commission), that would allow him to build a house on the other lot. The commission denied his request because construction of the house would intrude into the twenty-five foot buffer zone around a wetland on the lot, in violation of a local bylaw. Giovanella filed suit in the Superior Court, seeking annulment of the commission's decision and, alternatively, damages for what he alleges on appeal was a regulatory taking under the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution. [Note 1] On Giovanella's motion for summary judgment, the judge concluded that Giovanella failed to show that the decision of the commission was arbitrary or capricious. That portion of the judgment has not been appealed. The judge also ruled that the relevant parcel for purposes of the takings analysis was the entire parcel that Giovanella purchased, and not just the lot he sought to develop. The judge concluded that Giovanella had not shown sufficient economic harm as a result of the commission's decision, and had not shown a reasonable investment-backed expectation that he would be able to develop the lot in question. Based on these conclusions, a second judge granted the commission's subsequent motion for summary judgment. Giovanella appealed the ruling. We granted Giovanella's application for direct appellate review, and we now affirm. [Note 2]
land in the town of Ashland (town) for $130,000. The property, which consisted of 34,589 square feet of land, had a small wetland in the northwest corner, and a single family residence on the southern portion. Between three and six months after buying the property, he learned that a previous owner had divided the property into two lots of nearly equal area. The lots were assessed separately for tax purposes, and had different addresses. The house was situated on lot 2, and the wetland on lot 1. When he learned the property had been divided, he decided to build a new house on lot 1, into which he planned to move.
In December, 1999, nine months after Giovanella purchased the property, the town adopted a wetlands protection bylaw. The bylaw prohibited all work or disturbance within twenty-five feet of any wetland area "unless the applicant provides information and evidence deemed satisfactory by the [c]ommission that the work to be performed sufficiently protects or enhances wetland interests." The wetland in the northwest corner of lot 1 was protected by this bylaw.
Sometime before March 21, 2000, Giovanella applied to the zoning board of appeals of Ashland (board) for a variance that would allow him to build a house on lot 1, an undersized lot. The board determined that the lot was grandfathered, and issued a special permit to build, subject to certain conditions, including a request that Giovanella obtain an order of conditions from the commission to ensure that all requirements of the wetlands protection bylaw would be satisfied. Giovanella does not appeal the special permit and its attendant conditions.
He proceeded to file with the commission a notice of intent to build a house on lot 1. The commission held hearings on April 9, 2001, to discuss the impact of construction on the wetlands buffer zone within lot 1. Robert Gemma, Giovanella's civil engineer, appeared at the hearing to discuss the plans he had prepared for construction of a house on the lot. Construction would encroach on the buffer zone temporarily, although it would not encroach on the wetland itself. The completed house would not encroach on the buffer zone. Gemma told the commission that he could not move construction any further from the buffer zone, and that to deny the plan he presented would deny use of the whole property. On April 23, 2001, in response
to the commission's concerns with the plan, Gemma presented a second plan that incorporated mitigation measures designed to counteract any damage done to the wetlands during construction. On May 7, 2001, citing concerns with pollution and loss of wildlife habitat resulting from the disturbance during construction, the commission denied Giovanella's application for an order of conditions.
On June 19, 2002, more than one year after the commission had rejected his application for an order of conditions, Giovanella sold lot 2 for $319,900. While lot 2 was on the market, at least one person expressed interest in buying both lots 1 and 2 together. Nevertheless, Giovanella decided to sell lot 2 separately in the hopes of some day being able to build on lot 1. After the sale of lot 2, Giovanella hired an appraiser who concluded that by itself, lot 1 had no value. [Note 3]
2. Ripeness. It is necessary to begin with a discussion of ripeness. A regulatory takings case becomes ripe for adjudication only after two requirements are satisfied. First, an owner must allow the responsible government entity to reach "a final decision regarding the application of the regulation to the property at issue." Williamson County Regional Planning Comm'n v. Hamilton Bank, 473 U.S. 172, 186 (1985). Second, an owner must exhaust available State remedies before seeking relief under Federal law. Id. at 194. We conclude that the commission did reach a final decision regarding Giovanella's land. During the proceedings in front of the commission, Gemma followed his initial plan with a revised plan that attempted to satisfy the commission's requirements. He also told the commission that the house could not be moved any further from the buffer zone. After the commission rejected Gemma's second plan, and after Gemma explained that the plans provided the only possible use of the property, the commission had an opportunity "to exercise [its] full discretion" as a land-use
We also conclude that Giovanella has exhausted his available State remedies. He followed the commission's rejection with an appeal to the Department of Environmental Protection and he sent a letter to the chairman of the commission seeking reconsideration of the proposal. There were no other administrative remedies provided for in the wetlands protection bylaw or in the State wetlands protection act that authorized the bylaw. See G. L. c. 131, § 40. Some Federal courts have required litigants to pursue an "inverse condemnation" proceeding under State law before considering State remedies exhausted. See Pascoag Reservoir & Dam, LLC v. Rhode Island, 337 F.3d 87, 93 (1st Cir.), cert. denied, 540 U.S. 1090 (2003); Gilbert v. Cambridge, 932 F.2d 51, 65 (1st Cir.), cert. denied, 502 U.S. 866 (1991). In this case, an inverse condemnation claim would take the same form as the claim with which we are presented here. We see no reason to require Giovanella to make his claims first under the heading of "inverse condemnation" before considering the identical claim under the heading "regulatory taking."
3. Regulatory takings law. The Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution, made applicable to the States through the Fourteenth Amendment, provides that private property shall not "be taken for public use, without just compensation." This protection is "designed to bar Government from forcing some people alone to bear public burdens which, in all fairness and justice, should be borne by the public as a whole." Armstrong v. United States, 364 U.S. 40, 49 (1960).
Giovanella argues that the burdens placed on his land by the town's wetlands protection bylaw are so onerous as to require compensation under the takings clause. The United States Supreme Court has recognized this form of "regulatory takings" claim since its 1922 decision in Pennsylvania Coal Co. v. Mahon, 260 U.S. 393 (1922), in which Justice Holmes laid out his "storied but cryptic formulation, 'while property may be regulated to a certain extent, if regulation goes too far it will be recognized as a taking.' " Lingle v. Chevron U.S.A., Inc., 544 U.S. 528, 537 (2005), quoting Pennsylvania Coal Co. v. Mahon, supra at 415.
Identifying when a regulation has gone "too far" is a fact sensitive inquiry. See Tahoe-Sierra Preservation Council, Inc. v. Tahoe Regional Planning Agency, 535 U.S. 302, 326 (2002); Penn Cent. Transp. Co. v. City of N.Y., 438 U.S. 104, 123-124 (1978). The Supreme Court has explained that there is no "set formula" for when compensation should be made, but that the determination rests on "the particular circumstances" in each case after "an essentially ad hoc, factual inquir[y]." See Penn Cent. Transp. Co. v. City of N.Y., supra at 124. In Penn Cent. Transp. Co. v. City of N.Y., supra, the Court provided three factors to guide this inquiry: the extent to which the regulation interferes with the owner's distinct investment-backed expectations; the economic impact of the regulation; and the character of the government action. These three factors have served as the principle guidelines for regulatory takings claims. Lingle v. Chevron U.S.A. Inc., supra at 539. They are designed to measure the "severity of the burden that government imposes upon private property rights." Id. at 539.
In Lucas v. South Carolina Coastal Council, 505 U.S. 1003, 1017 (1992), the Court established a limited exception to the use of the Penn Central factors in the "extraordinary circumstance when no productive or economically beneficial use of land is permitted" (emphasis in original). A regulation that causes an owner to lose all economically beneficial use of a piece of property is a taking per se. Id. at 1019. The Lucas categorical rule is limited to those "relatively rare situations" in which the regulation causes an owner to "sacrifice all economically beneficial uses" (emphasis in original). Id. at 1018, 1019. The Court has said that the Lucas rule would not apply even if "the diminution in value were 95% instead of 100%." Tahoe-Sierra Preservation Council, Inc. v. Tahoe Regional Planning Agency, supra at 330.
In order to measure the economic impact of a regulation under either the Lucas or Penn Central decisions, we must first define the unit of property on which that impact is to be measured. We then compare the value of that property before and after the alleged taking. The heart of both tests becomes defining the unit of property at issue, often called the "relevant parcel." When a court considers a large piece of land of which
only a small portion has lost value due to regulation, it is less likely to conclude that a taking has occurred. If a court considers a smaller parcel of land, most of which has been affected by a regulation, then the economic impact is more likely to appear large enough to constitute a taking.
This has come to be known as the "denominator problem," and it has proved to be a hard problem to solve. The denominator problem has become an even more critical issue since the creation of the Lucas categorical rule. If a landowner is able to define the "relevant parcel" as only that part of land rendered valueless due to regulation, then the owner is automatically entitled to compensation for the value of that land. See Loveladies Harbor, Inc. v. United States, 28 F.3d 1171, 1181-1182 (Fed. Cir. 1994) (severing twelve and one-half affected acres from larger 250-acre parcel and finding categorical taking). At the same time, the benefits of an easily applied, bright-line rule are lost because the Lucas categorical rule "does not make clear the 'property interest' against which the loss of value is to be measured." Lucas v. South Carolina Coastal Council, supra at 1016 n.7.
The Supreme Court has provided only minimal guidance for resolving the denominator problem. It has stressed that we are to use the "parcel as a whole" for a takings analysis. Tahoe-Sierra Preservation Council, Inc. v. Tahoe Regional Planning Agency, supra at 327; Penn Cent. Transp. Co. v. City of N.Y., supra at 130-131. Repeated admonitions to use the "parcel as whole," however, do little to define the contours of that whole parcel in any particular case.
analysis, courts look to those factors that "identify the parcel as realistically and fairly as possible, given the entire factual and regulatory environment." Ciampitti v. United States, supra at 319.
The intuitive starting point for determining the boundary of the property under a takings clause analysis is to consider as one unit all contiguous property held by the same owner at the time the taking occurred. See, e.g., Forest Props., Inc. v. United States, 177 F.3d 1360, 1365 (Fed. Cir.), cert. denied, 528 U.S. 951 (1999) (declining to sever contiguous parcels, one submerged and another above ground); American Sav. & Loan Ass'n v. County of Marin, 653 F.2d 364, 372 (9th Cir. 1981) (considering contiguous parcels one unit unless landowner met burden showing that development plans for each would be zoned differently); Ciampitti v. United States, supra at 320 (combining noncontiguous property in relevant parcel where intervening linking lots also owned by same developer); K & K Constr., Inc. v. Department of Natural Resources, supra at 581 ("contiguity and common ownership create a common thread tying these three parcels together for the purposes of the taking analysis"); Bevan v. Brandon Township, 438 Mich. 385, 395-396, amended 439 Mich. 1202 (1991), cert. denied, 502 U.S. 1060 (1992) (considering contiguous lots under common ownership "as a whole" for takings analysis); Zealy v. Waukesha, 201 Wis. 2d 365, 380 (1995) (declaring relevant parcel "clearly identified" as 10.4 contiguous acres owned by plaintiff). Following this logic, courts often begin by treating noncontiguous parcels or contiguous parcels with separate owners as separate units. See, e.g., Gove v. Zoning Bd. of Appeals of Chatham, 444 Mass. 754 , 762- 763 (2005) (beginning analysis with individual lot before suggesting inclusion of noncontiguous property); Lopes v. Peabody, 417 Mass. 299 , 300-301 (1994) (considering one lot in takings analysis but not noncontiguous parcels purchased at same time); Palm Beach Isles Assocs. v. United States, 208 F.3d 1374, 1381, aff'd on rehearing, 231 F.3d 1354 (Fed. Cir. 2000) (severing fifty acres from larger 261-acre parcel across road in part because property was physically remote); Coeur D'Alene v. Simpson, 136 P.3d 310, 320 (Idaho 2006) (severing two parcels separated by road and separately owned).
Courts have considered a wide array of other factors beyond contiguous commonly-owned parcels, including: whether the property is divided by a road, see Palm Beach Isles Assocs. v. United States, supra at 1381 (describing property on either side of road as physically remote); Coeur D'Alene v. Simpson, supra at 323 (finding presence of road not determinative, but "one factor to consider"); whether property was acquired at the same time, see FIC Homes of Blackstone, Inc. v. Conservation Comm'n of Blackstone, 41 Mass. App. Ct. 681 , 689 (1996) (treating as one unit all lots purchased within same subdivision on same date); Ciampitti v. United States, supra at 318-319 (finding noncontiguous property acquired on same date to be one parcel); whether the purchase and financing of parcels were linked, see Forest Props., Inc. v. United States, supra at 1365 (treating two parcels as one unit in part because option to purchase lake-bottom land could be exercised only by owner of adjacent uplands); Ciampitti v. United States, supra at 319, 320 (treating two noncontiguous parcels as one in part because "inextricably linked in terms of purchase and financing"); the timing of development, see Palm Beach Isles Assocs. v. United States, supra at 1381 (severing contiguous property where development was temporally remote from larger parcel); Loveladies Harbor, Inc. v. United States, 28 F.3d 1171, 1181 (Fed. Cir. 1994) (excluding contiguous land developed and sold before enactment of regulation); whether the land is put to the same use or different uses, see id. at 1181-1182 (severing conservation land from land intended for residential development); whether the owner intended to or actually did use the property as one economic unit, see Norman v. United States, 429 F.3d 1081, 1091 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (including property because "appellants themselves regarded the 2,280-acre parcel as a single economic unit"); Appolo Fuels, Inc. v. United States, 381 F.3d 1338, 1346 (Fed. Cir. 2004), cert. denied, 543 U.S. 1188 (2005) (combining contiguous leases even though purchased at different times when part of "one unified mining plan"); Forest Props., Inc. v. United States, supra at 1365 (considering two parcels as one unit when treated as "single integrated project . . . comprising the two tracts"); K & K Constr., Inc. v. Department of Natural Resources, 456 Mich. 570, 582, cert. denied,
525 U.S. 819 (1998) (combining parcels in part because owners "forged a connection between parcels . . . through the proposed development scheme and permit applications"); and the treatment of the property under State law, see Lucas v. South Carolina Coastal Council, 505 U.S. 1003, 1016 n.7 (1992) (proposing solution to denominator problem according to "whether and to what degree the State's law has accorded legal recognition and protection to the particular interest in land"); Coeur D'Alene v. Simpson, supra at 323 (considering separated or unified tax treatment by town when severing).
We conclude that the extent of contiguous commonly-owned property gives rise to a rebuttable presumption defining the relevant parcel. Common sense suggests that a person owns neighboring parcels of land in order to treat them as one unit of property. In addition to identifying the unit of property "as realistically and fairly as possible," Ciampitti v. United States, 22 Cl. Ct. 310, 319 (1991), contiguity is also the most easily measured of the many factors courts have used for this inquiry.
Even so, definition of the relevant parcel is a fact sensitive inquiry, and we do not propose a bright-line rule here. This presumption in favor of contiguity may be overcome to either increase or decrease the size of the parcel by the application of additional factors, including those described above. For example, a relevant parcel might be increased to include noncontiguous land used for a single unified economic purpose, as in the case of one business that uses several noncontiguous buildings scattered throughout a city block. See Gove v. Zoning Bd. of Appeals of Chatham, 444 Mass. 754 , 762-763 & n.15 (2005) (suggesting inclusion in relevant parcel of all property previously owned by one family and used as seaside resort). Similarly, a parcel might be severed from contiguous land where an owner proposes truly different uses for separate portions, or shows that the property is treated as separate, distinct economic units. See Loveladies Harbor, Inc. v. United States, supra at 1181 (severing land intended for residential development from conservation land promised to State).
An owner's treatment of property as a distinct economic unit is the most significant factor to consider in overcoming the presumption in favor of contiguous property. Occasionally,
evidence of use as an economic unit involves ongoing established uses. More often, though, courts are presented with an owner's assertion that the intended use was to divide property into separate economic units. Concern that the introduction of such subjective factors would "increase the difficulty of an already complex inquiry" has led at least one jurisdiction to reject the use of any factor that relies on the owner's intended use rather than the owner's actual use. See Zealy v. Waukesha, 201 Wis. 2d 365, 377-378 (1995). Nevertheless, we consider an owner's intended use to be an important factor when deciding whether property should be protected as a distinct unit under the takings clause. See Michelman, Property, Utility, and Fairness: Comments on the Ethical Foundations of "Just Compensation" Law, 80 Harv. L. Rev. 1165, 1232 (1967) (proposing denominator defined by property "identified by the owner" as unit).
Treatment of the property under State or local law is a relevant factor, but one with limited weight. Our reliance on contiguous property minimizes the significance of lot lines in defining the boundaries of the denominator. Separate addresses or tax treatment as separate lots similarly carries little weight. Treatment under State law may play a larger role in cases of "conceptual severance," where individual uses of land are identified and protected under State law, and an owner attempts to recover compensation for the loss of the use based on that protection. [Note 4] See Lucas v. South Carolina Coastal Council, 505 U.S. 1003, 1029 (1992) (noting that background principles of State nuisance law permit States to proscribe particular uses without compensation); Pennsylvania Coal Co. v. Mahon, 260 U.S. 393, 414 (1922) (severing interest in coal in part because recognized as separate estate under State law). But see Keystone Bituminous Coal Ass'n v. DeBenedictis, 480 U.S. 470, 500 (1987) (declining to sever interest in coal based merely on
"legalistic distinction[]" of State recognition of "support estate"); Seiber v. United States, 364 F.3d 1356, 1369 (Fed. Cir), cert. denied, 543 U.S. 873 (2004) (declining to use State law to define relevant parcel of timberland when owners argued State law protects property interest in individual trees). We are not here faced with such an argument, so we do not consider the treatment of Giovanella's property under State law to be of particular significance.
While few courts explicitly employ this presumption in favor of contiguous commonly-owned property, we believe that the analysis used by many courts follows this pattern. Instead of a continued attempt at balancing undifferentiated factors, or a bright-line rule, we consider it a fair and practical approach to emphasize the importance of contiguous commonly-owned property.
5. Giovanella's claim. (a) The denominator. A judge in the Superior Court denied Giovanella's motion for summary judgment and concluded that the commission's denial was not a taking. Summary judgment was later granted in favor of the commission based on the earlier decision denying Giovanella's motion. In that opinion, the judge used a relevant parcel that included both lot 1 and lot 2, and considered Giovanella's claims under both the multifactor Penn Central analysis, see Penn Cent. Transp. Co. v. City of N.Y., 438 U.S. 104, 123-124 (1978), and the Lucas categorical rule, see Lucas v. South Carolina Coastal Council, supra at 1017. With respect to the Lucas categorical rule, the judge concluded that Giovanella had not lost all economically beneficial use of his land because he had sold lot 2 for a profit. Under the Penn Central analysis, the judge concluded that any adverse economic impact on lot 1 was in part the result of Giovanella's poor business decision to sell lots 1 and 2 separately.
When reviewing the grant of summary judgment to the commission we ask whether, when viewed in the light most favorable to Giovanella, the evidence presented would permit a finding that a taking has occurred. If not, the commission is entitled to a judgment as a matter of law. See Augat, Inc. v. Liberty Mut. Ins. Co., 410 Mass. 117 , 120 (1991), citing Mass. R. Civ. P. 56 (c), 365 Mass. 824 (1974).
We begin our denominator inquiry with the presumption that Giovanella's two contiguous lots are one unit of property for purposes of the takings analysis. We next look to additional factors to determine whether there is sufficient evidence to overcome this presumption. These factors are designed to identify the property on which the impact of the regulation is to be measured. Giovanella does not make a facial challenge to the bylaw, but he challenges it as it was applied to his land. These factors should therefore be examined with respect to the time of the bylaw's impact, when the commission rejected his request for an order of conditions.
Giovanella argues that we should sever lot 1 from lot 2 because lot 1 has economically viable uses, and because he had no common development scheme connecting the two. The economic viability of land does not define its boundaries for purposes of the takings clause. Neither are two contiguous units of property severed merely because of the absence of a common development scheme. In order to overcome the presumption that lots 1 and 2 should be treated together as one unit, Giovanella must present some affirmative evidence of his separate treatment of the two lots.
In considering each of the factors in turn, we conclude that Giovanella has presented insufficient evidence to sever the two parcels. They were purchased at the same time, for a lump sum, as part of one transaction. There is no evidence that they were separately financed. The separate addresses, tax treatment, and lot lines are of minimal significance, and by themselves do not provide enough evidence of his separate treatment of the contiguous lots. They are not separated by a road. Both lots are intended for single family residential use. Finally, and most importantly, he has not shown that he planned to or actually did treat them as separate economic units. Property intended for residential development by a single owner has been considered as one economic unit, and we see no reason to depart from that treatment here. See Zanghi v. Board of Appeals of Bedford, 61 Mass. App. Ct. 82 , 85-86 (2004); FIC Homes of Blackstone, Inc. v. Conservation Comm'n of Blackstone, 41 Mass. App. Ct. 681 , 689 (1996).
be considered separately under the takings clause, as when an owner can show separate business plans or financing for the two lots, or when they are developed for substantially different uses. In this case, Giovanella has provided no evidence showing that he treated his lots as two distinct economic units. He has only pointed to the absence of evidence showing that he treated them as one unit. It is not the commission's burden to show that the lots were treated as one unit under a "common development scheme." Rather, it is Giovanella's burden to show that he intended to, or actually did, treat them separately. Because he failed to produce evidence sufficient to show that they should be severed, we treat the two lots as one.
(b) Multifactor Penn Central analysis. It is clear, and Giovanella does not contest, that considering lots 1 and 2 together forecloses any compensation under Lucas v. South Carolina Coastal Council, 505 U.S. 1003, 1017 (1992). He was able to sell lot 2 for $319,900, an amount which is clearly more than a "token interest." See Palazzolo v. Rhode Island, 533 U.S. 606, 631 (2001). Because the land was not rendered economically valueless, there can be no categorical taking. We proceed to his second argument that, even if the relevant parcel includes lots 1 and 2, the judge erred in the application of the Penn Central factors. We consider each of the three factors in turn.
The judge concluded that the bylaw did not interfere with Giovanella's reasonable investment-backed expectations because he could have had no expectation of building on an undersized lot. This was error. The town's zoning laws did limit new home construction to 30,000 square foot lots, but Giovanella's neighborhood was made up primarily of lots no bigger than lot 1 (17,490 square feet). A person in Giovanella's situation may well have relied on his ability to build on lot 1 based on its similarity to the surrounding lots on which homes had already been built, or based on the availability of special permits for preexisting nonconforming lots.
Nevertheless, the wetlands protection bylaw did not impermissibly interfere with Giovanella's reasonable investment-backed expectations. The only financial investment he made in the property was the $130,000 he paid for both lots. This amount was more than recovered when he sold lot 2, after the order of
conditions was denied, for $319,900. Although the judge erred in holding that Giovanella could not have relied on his ability to build on an undersized lot, it appears that he did not rely on his ability to build on lot 1 because he did not invest any money that relied on the separate development of lot 1. A takings claim is not defeated "simply on account of [an owner's] lack of a personal financial investment." Gove v. Zoning Bd. of Appeals of Chatham, 444 Mass. 754 , 766 (2005) (finding no interference with reasonable investment-backed expectations where owner's lack of investment in inherited property implied no reasonable expectation of ability to develop). But Giovanella's failure to show any substantial personal financial investment in the development of lot 1 "emphasizes [his] inability to demonstrate that [he] ever had any reasonable expectation" of building a house on that lot (emphasis in original). See Gove v. Zoning Bd. of Appeals of Chatham, supra.
When lots 1 and 2 are treated as one parcel, it becomes clear that the economic impact of the wetlands protection bylaw did not rise to the level of a taking. To evaluate the economic impact of the bylaw, we compare the value of Giovanella's land before and after the application for an order of conditions was denied. Before the denial, the town assessed lot 1 as a developable lot worth $132,800. Giovanella has presented no evidence of the separate value of lot 2 before the denial. However, even assuming that the sale of lot 2 in 2002 for $319,900 accurately reflects the value of that lot in 1999, and the combined predenial value of the lots was $452,700, the action of the commission did not constitute a taking. With the value of lot 1 reduced to zero after the denial, the value of the entire property was reduced to $319,900. The economic impact of the action of the commission resulted in a decrease in the value of Giovanella's property from $452,700 to $319,900, a decrease of twenty-nine per cent. This decrease is not significant enough to rise to the level of a taking. See Appolo Fuels, Inc. v. United States, 381 F.3d 1338, 1348 (Fed. Cir. 2004), cert. denied, 543 U.S. 1188 (2005) (finding no taking after decreases in value of seventy-eight per cent and ninety-two per cent on two combined lots); Loveladies Harbor, Inc. v. United States, 28 F.3d 1171, 1178 (Fed. Cir. 1994) (finding categorical taking after ninety-nine per cent
diminution in value, from $2,658,000 to $12,500); Ciampitti v. United States, 22 Cl. Ct. 310, 320 & n.5 (1991) (finding no taking after decrease in value of twenty-six per cent, from $19 million to $14 million).
Finally, the character of the government action does not support the conclusion that application of the bylaw was a taking. The most straightforward analysis, and the one the judge applied, is whether the character of the government action is like a physical invasion. See Leonard v. Brimfield, 423 Mass. 152 , 156, cert. denied, 519 U.S. 1028 (1996); Zanghi v. Board of Appeals of Bedford, 61 Mass. App. Ct. 82 , 90 (2004); FIC Homes of Blackstone, Inc. v. Conservation Comm'n of Blackstone, 41 Mass. App. Ct. 681 , 695 (1996). The Supreme Court also has considered whether a regulation unfairly singles out the owner. See Eastern Enters. v. Apfel, 524 U.S. 498, 537 (1998). Other courts have looked at whether the government regulation is limited to mitigating harms or nuisances. Such regulations typically do not require compensation. Gove v. Zoning Bd. of Appeals of Chatham, supra at 767 (noting that regulations that mitigate harm do not typically require compensation); Appolo Fuels, Inc. v. United States, supra at 1351 (finding no taking where government action was "designed to protect health and safety"). Of course, many government actions that do extend beyond nuisance or harm prevention do not result in a taking. The character of government action is less likely to result in a taking when it is limited to nuisance prevention, but this factor provides no guidance for analyzing regulations that extend beyond nuisance prevention. See Forest Props., Inc. v. United States, 177 F.3d 1360, 1366 (Fed. Cir.), cert. denied, 528 U.S. 951 (1999) (finding character of government action had no impact where action was not limited to preventing nuisance).
No matter how the character of the commission's action is analyzed, application of the bylaw to Giovanella's land was not a taking. The limitations imposed by the town's wetlands protection bylaw are not like a physical invasion, nor does the bylaw unfairly single out Giovanella. Even if the bylaw extends beyond preventing harms or nuisance, the character of the commission's denial would have no impact on the case. Giovanella has failed to demonstrate any reasonable reliance on his ability
to build a home on lot 1, or to show sufficient economic losses resulting from the denial of his application. As a result, neither justice nor fairness entitle him to compensation for the impositions of the bylaw.
[Note 1] The plaintiff, John M. Giovanella, does not argue that the application of the bylaw resulted in a taking under art. 10 of the Massachusetts Declaration of Rights. We analyze his claim only under the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution.
[Note 3] Giovanella's appraiser determined that lot 1 might have had some value to an abutter were it not for the tax liability that the town imposed. The tax liability was based on the town assessor's determination that lot 1 was developable. Of course, the town may not continue to tax lot 1 as developable land while simultaneously denying any opportunity to build on it. The appraiser concluded that should lot 1 be reassessed as an undevelopable lot, it would have a value of between $3,000 and $8,000 to an abutter.
[Note 4] To allow separate regulatory treatment under State law to sever contiguous property would isolate only the regulated property in nearly all instances, thus practically ensuring compensation for every regulatory imposition. The United States Supreme Court has rejected that approach, noting that "defining the property interest taken in terms of the very regulation being challenged is circular." Tahoe-Sierra Preservation Council, Inc. v. Tahoe Regional Planning Agency, 535 U.S. 302, 331 (2002).
A Superior Court judge properly denied a criminal defendant's motion to suppress evidence, including thirty bags of heroin, seized as a result of his arrest, where the police officer that approached the defendant had reason to believe that the defendant had committed a crime, having observed activity consistent with an illegal drug transaction [714-715]; moreover, the evidence was lawfully seized, given that the activity the officer observed, as well as the defendant's subsequent flight upon being approached by the officer, was sufficient to create probable cause for the defendant's arrest [715].
A criminal defendant's claim of ineffective assistance of counsel lacked merit, where the failure of the defendant's trial counsel to seek suppression of certain evidence seized from the defendant upon a police officer's threshold inquiry of the defendant was of no consequence, given that the threshold inquiry was based on reasonable suspicion [716], and where his trial counsel's performance concerning cross-examination of certain witnesses did not deprive him of viable grounds of defense [716-717].
A pretrial motion to suppress evidence was heard by Charles T. Spurlock, J., and the cases were tried before Elizabeth B. Donovan, J.
After review by the Appeals Court, the Supreme Judicial Court granted leave to obtain further appellate review.
Amanda Lovell, Assistant District Attorney (William R. Freeman, Assistant District Attorney, with her) for the Commonwealth.
of possession of heroin with intent to distribute within a school zone in violation of G. L. c. 94C, §§ 32 (b) and 32J, respectively. The defendant had filed a pretrial motion to suppress all evidence obtained as a result of his arrest, which a Superior Court judge denied. On appeal the defendant claimed that the judge erred in denying the motion to suppress and alleged that his trial counsel provided ineffective assistance of counsel. The Appeals Court affirmed the denial of the motion to suppress and rejected the defendant's ineffective assistance of counsel claims in an unpublished memorandum pursuant to its rule 1:28. Commonwealth v. Hernandez, 65 Mass. App. Ct. 1117 (2006). We granted the defendant's application for further appellate review. Because we conclude that the motion to suppress was properly denied and there is no merit to the defendant's claim of ineffective assistance of counsel, we affirm his convictions.
Procedural and factual background. We recite the following facts in the light most favorable to the Commonwealth. On December 17, 1999, Officer Ediberto Figueroa and his partner were conducting surveillance in plain clothes in the vicinity of the America's Food Basket grocery store located in the Dorchester section of Boston at the intersection of Dudley Street and Columbia Road, when Figueroa observed the defendant pacing back and forth until he was joined by another man, subsequently identified as Neil Hassett. They walked together down Dudley Street onto Ramsey Street, which, unlike Dudley Street, is not a main street. Figueroa also observed the defendant give Hassett an item he had retrieved from his left shoe, [Note 1] which Figueroa could not identify. Figueroa, after watching the activity for approximately four minutes, approached the two men because he suspected that a drug transaction had taken place. Figueroa notified his partner that he was going to approach the defendant and Hassett, and his partner agreed to assist him. As Figueroa displayed his badge, approached the defendant, and identified
himself as a Boston police officer, the defendant ran between two parked cars up Ramsey Street. Shortly thereafter, the defendant stumbled, and Figueroa caught him. The defendant struggled and resisted as Figueroa attempted to place him under arrest. Other officers arrived and assisted Figueroa, and the defendant was placed under arrest. Subsequently, the officers conducted a search and found thirty glassine bags of a substance, later identified as heroin, in the area where the defendant was apprehended.
A Suffolk County grand jury indicted the defendant for unlawful distribution of heroin in a school zone in violation of G. L. c. 94C, §§ 32 (b) and 32J, respectively, and possession of heroin in a school zone with intent to distribute in violation of G. L. c. 94C, §§ 32 (b) and 32J, respectively. On August 4, 2003, the defendant filed his motion to suppress all the physical evidence seized as a result of his arrest, and after an evidentiary hearing was held, a Superior Court judge denied the motion and issued a memorandum of decision. The judge found that Figueroa had probable cause to arrest the defendant based on the defendant's suspicious conduct and his flight after being approached. The judge also found that, in the alternative, even if there was no probable cause to arrest the defendant, the evidence would still be admissible because the defendant lacked a reasonable expectation of privacy in the area on a public street where the heroin was recovered. The defendant filed a motion for reconsideration that was denied in March, 2004. A jury trial commenced in May, 2004, and the jury found the defendant guilty of possession of heroin with the intent to distribute in a school zone but not of unlawful distribution of heroin in a school zone.
The defendant was then arraigned on a second and subsequent charge for possession with intent to distribute. Thereafter, the Commonwealth and the defendant agreed to a joint sentence recommendation for the offenses that the judge later imposed. The judge also granted the Commonwealth's motion to dismiss the second offense portion of the possession of heroin charge. The defendant was sentenced to three and one-half years to three and one-half years and one day for the conviction of G. L. c. 94C, § 32 (b), and a consecutive term of two and one-half
Discussion. 1. Motion to suppress. The defendant argues that the judge erred in denying his motion to suppress all evidence seized as a result of his arrest. The defendant claims that, prior to his flight on Figueroa's approach, his interactions with Hassett were not suspicious, given that neither the defendant nor Hassett looked around prior to shaking hands in an area with heavy pedestrian traffic. The defendant further claims the following factors weigh against a finding that Figueroa reasonably believed that the defendant had just committed a drug transaction: Figueroa had limited experience as he had only been a police officer for one year at the time of the defendant's arrest, Figueroa admitted not seeing anything being exchanged, and the defendant and Hassett were not known by the observing officers.
If a police officer conducts a Terry stop, Terry v. Ohio, 392 U.S. 1 (1968), and a defendant subsequently files a pretrial motion to suppress evidence seized as a result of the stop, the Commonwealth bears the burden of proving that the officer had reasonable suspicion to believe that "a person has committed, is committing or about to commit a crime." Commonwealth v. Comita, 441 Mass. 86 , 91 (2004), quoting Commonwealth v. Watson, 430 Mass. 725 , 729 (2000). Reasonable suspicion must be "based on specific, articulable facts and reasonable inferences therefrom." Commonwealth v. Lyons, 409 Mass. 16 , 19 (1990). Here, Figueroa testified that he observed the defendant pacing back and forth and that he subsequently saw the defendant give Hassett an item that he had hidden in his shoe. Figueroa also testified that the area where he observed the defendant was a place where there was a high incidence of drug trafficking and an area where he had made between ten to fifteen heroin-related arrests in the preceding year. Figueroa also testified that he believed that the activity that he had observed was consistent with a drug transaction. All of these facts, taken together, support Figueroa's belief that a criminal act had just occurred, and his approach to the defendant thus was based on a reasonable suspicion that a crime had been committed. See Commonwealth v. Watson, 430 Mass. 725 , 729 (2000) ("seemingly innocent
activities taken together can give rise to reasonable suspicion justifying a threshold inquiry"); Commonwealth v. Fraser, 410 Mass. 541 , 545 (1991) (combination of innocent factors, taken together, may amount to reasonable belief).
The defendant also claims that the physical evidence seized was illegally obtained because the police officers lacked probable cause to arrest him. The Fourth Amendment to the United States Constitution and art. 14 of the Massachusetts Declaration of Rights both require that a valid arrest be based on probable cause. Wong Sun v. United States, 371 U.S. 471, 479 (1963). Commonwealth v. Bottari, 395 Mass. 777 , 783 (1985). Probable cause exists "where, at the moment of arrest, the facts and circumstances within the knowledge of the police are enough to warrant a prudent person in believing that the individual arrested has committed or was committing an offense." Commonwealth v. Santaliz, 413 Mass. 238 , 241 (1992), quoting Commonwealth v. Storey, 378 Mass. 312 , 321 (1979), cert. denied, 446 U.S. 955 (1980). Here, the suspicious activity Figueroa observed prior to his approaching the defendant and announcing that he was a police officer, in addition to the defendant's subsequent flight, was sufficient to create probable cause that the defendant had engaged in an illegal drug transaction. See Commonwealth v. Santaliz, supra at 240 (court evaluates "the whole 'silent movie' disclosed to the eyes of an experienced narcotics investigator" when determining existence of probable cause); Commonwealth v. Alessio, 377 Mass. 76 , 82 (1979) ("[r]easonable inferences and common knowledge are appropriate considerations for determining probable cause"); Commonwealth v. Battle, 365 Mass. 472 , 476 (1974) (considering totality of circumstances, flight could be an important factor when determining whether probable cause exists). Thus, the judge properly concluded that there were sufficient grounds to establish that the police officers had probable cause to arrest the defendant and the evidence was lawfully seized. [Note 2] Cf. Commonwealth v. Borges, 395 Mass. 788 , 795 (1985).
2. Ineffective assistance of counsel. The defendant claims that his trial counsel's errors deprived him of his constitutional right to effective assistance of counsel. In order to prevail on a claim of ineffective assistance of counsel, the defendant bears the burden of proving that the behavior of counsel fell below that of an ordinary, fallible lawyer and that such failing "likely deprived the defendant of an otherwise available, substantial ground of defence." Commonwealth v. Saferian, 366 Mass. 89 , 96 (1974).
The defendant first argues that his trial counsel was ineffective when he failed to seek suppression of the physical evidence, including the thirty bags of heroin that were recovered, based on Figueroa's threshold inquiry that, the defendant argues, was not supported by reasonable suspicion, resulting in an illegal seizure of the defendant. See Commonwealth v. Comita, supra at 90, quoting Commonwealth v. Pena, 31 Mass. App. Ct. 204 , 207 (1991) ("failure of counsel to litigate a viable claim of illegal search and seizure is a denial of the defendant's Federal and State constitutional right to the effective assistance of counsel"). Because we have determined that Figueroa's threshold inquiry of the defendant was based on reasonable suspicion, the failure of the defendant's trial counsel to seek suppression based on Figueroa's threshold inquiry of the defendant did not amount to ineffective assistance of counsel. [Note 3]
Second, the defendant argues that counsel's performance deprived him of viable grounds of defense. The defendant claims that counsel failed to cross-examine the Commonwealth's expert witness regarding the possibility that possession of thirty bags of heroin could be consistent with personal use, thus depriving him of a defense against the charge that he intended to distribute the heroin. The defendant also contends that counsel failed effectively to develop the theory that the heroin recovered by the police could have been discarded by Hassett and not the defendant. The defendant further argues that this theory could have been developed more effectively if trial counsel had adequately cross-examined Figueroa and concentrated on the
inconsistencies between his trial testimony regarding his approach to the defendant only and the police report he filed immediately after the incident that stated he approached both Hassett and the defendant.
After reviewing the trial transcripts, we conclude that because the Commonwealth's expert conceded on direct examination that the amount of drugs recovered was consistent with personal use in very rare occasions, the defendant cannot now argue that his trial counsel was ineffective because he made a tactical choice not to question the expert further. See Commonwealth v. Underwood, 358 Mass. 506 , 510 (1970) (reviewing court should not allow defendant to turn unsuccessful trial tactics and strategies into errors). We also are satisfied that counsel adequately cross-examined Figueroa and established that his trial testimony was inconsistent with the police report pertaining to whom he approached.
[Note 1] During the motion hearing, Figueroa testified that the defendant was wearing a boot. However, at trial, he testified that he was not positive that the defendant was wearing boots. He also testified that the booking sheet indicated that the defendant was wearing "walking shoes," rather than boots. The motion judge concluded that the defendant was wearing boots. However, for the purposes of this opinion, we refer to the defendant's footwear as shoes.
[Note 2] Because of our conclusion, we need not address the defendant's claim that the judge erred in concluding that the defendant did not have a reasonable expectation of privacy in the area around the parked vehicle where the heroin was recovered.
[Note 3] Because we conclude that reasonable suspicion was present, we need not reach the question whether a seizure took place at the time the officer approached.
NuPoP is an R package for Nucleosome Positioning Prediction.This package is built upon a duration hidden Markov model proposed in Xi et al, 2010; Wang et al, 2008. The core of the package was written in Fotran. In addition to the R package, a stand-alone Fortran software tool is also available at http://nucleosome.stats.northwestern.edu.
Hi friends, how's your week going so far? Mine has been pretty busy with visitors, special projects, and the day to day demands. I have some exciting things I want to tell you about in a couple of weeks. I'm working on some bridal decor items for a very special online shop. If they like them and everything pans out like I'm hoping, I'll give you even more details and share some photos, too. ;)
These are just a few of the things I'm drooling over from Etsy. That camera...sigh....I could use it as a prop in some really cool photos! I've been wanting to take a photo of some wooden pencils, but I'm not sure I can top the one I have posted above. The pottery butterflies would fit in so perfectly with the rustic feel I'm trying to incorporate in my home (the apples wood, too), and the light airy sweater would go with just about anything. :)
Exciting Vicki, can't wait until you share more of your news. Lovely etsy finds! Really love the photograph and the sweater. xo
Javascript doit être activé dans votre navigateur pour que vous puissiez utiliser les fonctionnalités de ce site internet.
Mudbase is a South African based Creative Design company that was founded in 2012, in the West Rand district of Johannesburg. The company is owned by Rockwe King
This simple-to-use tool is designed to help you match the needs of each individual piece of equipment in your operation with the correct lubricant. After answering a few simple questions, you will be able to view or print a detailed Lubricants Recommendation Chart for your equipment.
Your style is so unique in comparison to other folks I have read stuff from. Thank you for posting when you ave got the opportunity, Guess I will just book mark this web site.
Incredible! This blog looks just like my old one! It as on a entirely different topic but it has pretty much the same layout and design. Superb choice of colors!
What as Taking place i am new to this, I stumbled upon this I ave found It absolutely useful and it has aided me out loads. I hope to contribute & assist other customers like its aided me. Good job.|
Some times its a pain in the ass to read what website owners wrote but this web site is rattling user genial !.
This blog is definitely educating and also informative. I have chosen a bunch of handy tips out of this amazing blog. I ad love to return every once in a while. Thanks!
There as noticeably a bundle to find out about this. I assume you made sure good points in options also.
This is very interesting, You are a very skilled blogger. I ave joined your rss feed and look forward to seeking more of your excellent post. Also, I ave shared your website in my social networks!
You can certainly see your expertise in the paintings you write. The sector hopes for more passionate writers like you who are not afraid to mention how they believe. At all times follow your heart.
This site was how do I say it? Relevant!! Finally I ave found something that helped me. Thanks a lot!
Your mode of explaining the whole thing in this post is in fact good, every one be able to simply be aware of it, Thanks a lot.
The strategies mentioned in this article regarding to increase traffic at you own webpage are really pleasant, thanks for such fastidious paragraph.
You, my friend, ROCK! I found just the info I already searched all over the place and just couldn at find it. What a great web-site.
This very blog is no doubt educating additionally factual. I have discovered a lot of handy tips out of it. I ad love to come back again soon. Thanks a bunch!
You completed approximately first degree points there. I searched by the internet for the problem and found most individuals will chance collected with down with your website.
Thank you for another fantastic post. Where else could anybody get that type of information in such an ideal way of writing? I ave a presentation next week, and I am on the look for such information.
It as not that I want to duplicate your internet site, nevertheless I really like the layout. Might you allow me identify which propose are you using? Or was it principally designed?
Keep up the great piece of work, I read few articles on this website and I think that your website is very interesting and has lots of excellent information.
It as very straightforward to find out any topic on net as compared to textbooks, as I found this piece of writing at this web site.
Wow, amazing blog layout! How long have you been blogging for? you make blogging look easy. The overall look of your website is magnificent, as well as the content!
You made several fine points there. I did a search on the topic and found a good number of people will have the same opinion with your blog.
This website was how do I say it? Relevant!! Finally I have found something that helped me. Thank you!
Nicely? to be Remarkable post and will look forward to your future update. Be sure to keep writing more great articles like this one.
Pretty nice post. I just stumbled upon your blog and wanted to say that I have really enjoyed browsing your blog posts. In any case I will be subscribing to your feed and I hope you write again soon!
You have made some decent points there. I looked on the net for more info about the issue and found most individuals will go along with your views on this website.
You could definitely see your enthusiasm in the work you write. The world hopes for more passionate writers like you who are not afraid to say how they believe. Always go after your heart.
The arena hopes for even more passionate writers like you who are not afraid to mention how they believe.
It as really very complicated in this active life to listen news on Television, thus I simply use web for that purpose, and get the latest information.
Wow! Thank you! I continually needed to write on my blog something like that. Can I include a fragment of your post to my site?
Whoa! This blog looks exactly like my old one! It as on a completely different subject but it has pretty much the same layout and design. Wonderful choice of colors!
Wow! Thank you! I constantly wanted to write on my website something like that. Can I implement a portion of your post to my website?
Thanks for another great article. Where else may anybody get that kind of info in such a perfect means of writing? I have a presentation subsequent week, and I am on the look for such information.
This can be a terrific internet web site, would you be enthusiastic about executing an interview about how you designed it? If that’s the case e-mail me!
AiZ2W1 Way cool! Some very valid points! I appreciate you writing this post and also the rest of the site is also very good.
Thanks for sharing, this is a fantastic blog post.Really looking forward to read more. Really Great.
Your posts customarily consist of a correct amount of truly up to date information. Everyplace accomplish you extend up with this? Emphatically declaring you are fantastically creative. Thanks again
My friend would like to read a story I had written in a video on her Youtube channel. I’m just concerned that my tale could be stolen simply by some one, and also have them claim it because their own, not really that I think it’s great enough for anybody to want to steal it. How most likely do you think it would end up being that my story would be plagiarized? Can there be anything Youtube does to try to stop plagiarism?.
I?ve learn a few good stuff here. Definitely price bookmarking for revisiting. I surprise how a lot attempt you set to create this type of fantastic informative web site.
Normally I don at read post on blogs, however I wish to say that this write-up very pressured me to check out and do so! Your writing style has been amazed me. Thank you, very great post.
Your style is really unique in comparison to other people I have read stuff from. I appreciate you for posting when you ave got the opportunity, Guess I will just bookmark this web site.
This blog is without a doubt interesting as well as diverting. I have found a lot of helpful things out of this source. I ad love to come back again soon. Thanks!
I think other web site proprietors should take this web site as an model, very clean and great user genial style and design, let alone the content. You are an expert in this topic!
Thanks for sharing, this is a fantastic article post.Really looking forward to read more. Will read on…
There as certainly a great deal to learn about this issue. I really like all the points you ave made.
Wow! This could be one particular of the most helpful blogs We ave ever arrive across on this subject. Basically Great. I am also a specialist in this topic so I can understand your effort.
Wow! Thank you! I continually needed to write on my website something like that. Can I implement a portion of your post to my blog?
I just want to say I am newbie to blogging and site-building and absolutely savored you’re blog site. Most likely I’m likely to bookmark your website . You actually have awesome posts. Many thanks for revealing your web site.
Well I truly liked studying it. This information procured by you is very practical for correct planning.
I just want to say I am just beginner to blogging and actually loved you’re web page. Most likely I’m planning to bookmark your website . You amazingly have good articles. Thanks for sharing your web page.
I simply want to say I am just beginner to weblog and truly loved your website. More than likely I’m want to bookmark your blog post . You absolutely come with remarkable articles. Thanks for sharing with us your website.
I simply want to say I’m newbie to blogging and site-building and honestly liked you’re web-site. Very likely I’m likely to bookmark your blog . You absolutely have fabulous articles and reviews. Appreciate it for sharing with us your blog.
I just want to say I’m all new to weblog and actually loved your web-site. Very likely I’m planning to bookmark your site . You actually have superb posts. Thank you for sharing with us your website.
I simply want to say I am newbie to blogging and site-building and certainly loved this web site. More than likely I’m going to bookmark your website . You certainly have amazing posts. Regards for sharing with us your webpage.
Nice blog here! Additionally your website loads up very fast! What host are you the use of? Can I am getting your affiliate hyperlink in your host? I desire my site loaded up as fast as yours lol
I simply could not leave your web site prior to suggesting that I extremely enjoyed the usual info an individual provide in your guests? Is gonna be back steadily to check up on new posts
I simply want to mention I am very new to weblog and actually enjoyed your web page. Most likely I’m likely to bookmark your blog post . You definitely have great well written articles. Regards for revealing your web page.
I just want to say I am very new to blogging and really liked you’re web blog. Most likely I’m planning to bookmark your website . You amazingly have excellent articles and reviews. Thanks a lot for sharing your website.
Thank you so much for providing individuals with an extremely spectacular chance to discover important secrets from this website. It’s usually very awesome and stuffed with fun for me and my office colleagues to visit your web site really 3 times in a week to read through the latest secrets you will have. Not to mention, I am just always impressed for the surprising hints served by you. Selected 1 areas in this posting are in reality the finest we have all ever had.
Hi, Neat post. There’s an issue along with your site in internet explorer, would test this¡K IE nonetheless is the market leader and a huge part of folks will miss your fantastic writing due to this problem.
Nice post. I was checking continuously this blog and I’m impressed! Extremely useful info specially the last part I care for such info a lot. I was seeking this particular info for a long time. Thank you and good luck.
This is very interesting, You’re a very skilled blogger. I’ve joined your rss feed and look forward to seeking more of your fantastic post. Also, I have shared your site in my social networks!
Thanks for the sensible critique. Me & my neighbor were just preparing to do some research on this. We got a grab a book from our area library but I think I learned more clear from this post. I’m very glad to see such great information being shared freely out there.
I’m very happy to read this. This is the type of manual that needs to be given and not the accidental misinformation that’s at the other blogs. Appreciate your sharing this best doc.
I am only commenting to let you be aware of what a amazing experience my wife’s girl gained viewing your web site. She noticed numerous pieces, not to mention what it’s like to have an awesome teaching character to get other individuals really easily fully grasp several tricky things. You undoubtedly did more than her desires. I appreciate you for supplying the precious, dependable, educational as well as fun guidance on that topic to Julie.
You really make it seem so easy with your presentation but I find this topic to be actually something that I think I would never understand. It seems too complex and extremely broad for me. I’m looking forward for your next post, I will try to get the hang of it!
Great amazing issues here. I am very satisfied to look your article. Thanks so much and i’m having a look ahead to touch you. Will you kindly drop me a mail?
I would like to show some thanks to you for bailing me out of this type of matter. As a result of surfing around throughout the the web and finding concepts which are not productive, I thought my life was gone. Existing without the presence of strategies to the issues you’ve fixed all through your good blog post is a serious case, and the ones that could have adversely affected my career if I had not encountered your site. Your main knowledge and kindness in maneuvering all the stuff was crucial. I don’t know what I would have done if I hadn’t encountered such a step like this. I’m able to now relish my future. Thank you so much for your high quality and amazing guide. I will not be reluctant to recommend the blog to anybody who needs to have assistance about this matter.
you’re really a excellent webmaster. The web site loading pace is incredible. It sort of feels that you are doing any distinctive trick. Also, The contents are masterwork. you have performed a excellent job on this matter!
This is really interesting, You are a very skilled blogger. I have joined your rss feed and look forward to seeking more of your excellent post. Also, I have shared your web site in my social networks!
Great ¡V I should definitely pronounce, impressed with your website. I had no trouble navigating through all tabs and related info ended up being truly easy to do to access. I recently found what I hoped for before you know it at all. Reasonably unusual. Is likely to appreciate it for those who add forums or anything, website theme . a tones way for your customer to communicate. Nice task..
Do you mind if I quote a couple of your posts as long as I provide credit and sources back to your webpage? My website is in the very same niche as yours and my visitors would truly benefit from a lot of the information you present here. Please let me know if this okay with you. Thanks a lot!
I simply want to tell you that I am just newbie to weblog and definitely enjoyed your web blog. Almost certainly I’m want to bookmark your site . You actually have terrific posts. Cheers for sharing your website page.
I just want to say I’m new to weblog and truly loved your web page. Almost certainly I’m likely to bookmark your blog . You certainly come with tremendous article content. Thank you for sharing your web-site.
Thanks for your posting kalysdi. What I want to point out is that when looking for a good online electronics store, look for a internet site with comprehensive information on key elements such as the privacy statement, safety details, payment procedures, and various terms plus policies. Continually take time to read the help and FAQ segments to get a much better idea of how the shop functions, what they can perform for you, and just how you can make use of the features.
Thanks for the diverse tips kalysdi provided on this weblog. I have realized that many insurance agencies offer shoppers generous discounts if they favor to insure many cars with them. A significant variety of households currently have several automobiles these days, particularly those with mature teenage young children still dwelling at home, plus the savings in policies can soon increase. So it pays to look for a bargain.
Just wish to say your article is as astonishing. The clarity in your post is just cool and i can assume you’re an expert on this subject. Fine with your permission allow me to grab your RSS feed to keep updated with forthcoming post. Thanks a million and please carry on the enjoyable work.
You actually make it appear really easy with your presentation but I in finding this matter to be actually something that I feel I would by no means understand. It sort of feels too complicated and extremely broad for me. I am taking a look forward to your next post, I¡¦ll try to get the grasp of it!
I just could not leave your site before suggesting that I extremely loved the standard info a person provide in your guests? Is going to be again frequently to check out new posts
Somebody necessarily lend a hand to make severely posts I would state. This is the first time I frequented your web page and up to now? I surprised with the research you made to create this actual submit incredible. Magnificent task!
Very nice post. I just stumbled upon your weblog and wanted to say that I’ve truly enjoyed browsing your blog posts. In any case I will be subscribing to your rss feed and I hope you write again soon!
I¡¦ve been exploring for a bit for any high-quality articles or weblog posts in this kind of house . Exploring in Yahoo I eventually stumbled upon this site. Studying this information So i¡¦m happy to convey that I’ve an incredibly excellent uncanny feeling I came upon just what I needed. I so much without a doubt will make certain to don¡¦t put out of your mind this web site and give it a glance regularly.
Hello There. I found your blog using msn. This is a really well written article. I will be sure to bookmark it and come back to read more of your useful information. Thanks for the post. I’ll definitely comeback.
Great awesome things here. I¡¦m very glad to look your article. Thanks so much and i am looking ahead to contact you. Will you please drop me a mail?
I¡¦ve been exploring for a bit for any high quality articles or blog posts in this kind of house . Exploring in Yahoo I at last stumbled upon this website. Studying this info So i am happy to show that I have a very excellent uncanny feeling I discovered exactly what I needed. I most indubitably will make sure to do not put out of your mind this website and provides it a glance regularly.
Hello there, just became aware of your blog through Google, and found that it is really informative. I am going to watch out for brussels. I’ll appreciate if you continue this in future. Many people will be benefited from your writing. Cheers!
Wow! This could be one particular of the most beneficial blogs We have ever arrive across on this subject. Actually Wonderful. I’m also a specialist in this topic so I can understand your hard work.
It¡¦s actually a nice and helpful piece of information. I am happy that you just shared this helpful info with us. Please keep us up to date like this. Thank you for sharing.
Somebody necessarily assist to make critically posts I might state. That is the very first time I frequented your web page and up to now? I amazed with the research you made to make this actual put up incredible. Excellent activity!
Magnificent beat ! I wish to apprentice while you amend your site, how can i subscribe for a blog website? The account helped me a acceptable deal. I had been a little bit acquainted of this your broadcast provided bright clear idea
Wow, incredible weblog structure! How lengthy have you ever been blogging for? you make blogging glance easy. The whole glance of your site is wonderful, let alone the content!
You really make it appear really easy together with your presentation however I find this topic to be actually one thing that I believe I might never understand. It kind of feels too complex and extremely large for me. I am taking a look forward on your next post, I will try to get the dangle of it!
I will immediately grasp your rss as I can’t find your e-mail subscription hyperlink or e-newsletter service. Do you have any? Kindly permit me understand in order that I could subscribe. Thanks.
Love this place. I’ve been here at least 1/2 a dozen times with friends from work. This time I brought my 7 year old son. He loves it.
As I web site possessor I believe the content material here is rattling magnificent , appreciate it for your efforts. You should keep it up forever! Good Luck.
I think other web-site proprietors should take this website as an model, very clean and fantastic user genial style and design, let alone the content. You’re an expert in this topic!
I do not even know how I ended up here, but I thought this post was good. I don’t know who you are but certainly you are going to a famous blogger if you are not already 😉 Cheers!
Hello there, just became alert to your blog through Google, and found that it’s really informative. I’m going to watch out for brussels. I’ll be grateful if you continue this in future. Numerous people will be benefited from your writing. Cheers!
Hello my family member! I wish to say that this article is amazing, great written and include almost all vital infos. I would like to see extra posts like this .
I am really impressed with your writing skills and also with the layout on your blog. Is this a paid theme or did you modify it yourself? Either way keep up the nice quality writing, it’s rare to see a great blog like this one today..
I have been surfing online more than three hours today, yet I never found any interesting article like yours. It’s pretty worth enough for me. In my opinion, if all site owners and bloggers made good content as you did, the net will be a lot more useful than ever before.
I would like to thnkx for the efforts you’ve put in writing this website. I am hoping the same high-grade web site post from you in the upcoming as well. Actually your creative writing abilities has inspired me to get my own blog now. Really the blogging is spreading its wings rapidly. Your write up is a good example of it.
You really make it seem so easy with your presentation but I find this matter to be really something that I think I would never understand. It seems too complicated and very broad for me. I am looking forward for your next post, I will try to get the hang of it!
Looking forward to reading more. Great article post.Really looking forward to read more. Really Cool.
Excellent beat ! I would like to apprentice while you amend your site, how can i subscribe for a blog site? The account helped me a acceptable deal. I had been a little bit acquainted of this your broadcast provided bright clear idea
I am now not sure where you are getting your information, however good topic. I needs to spend some time learning more or understanding more. Thank you for fantastic info I used to be searching for this info for my mission.
I have been surfing on-line more than three hours as of late, yet I never discovered any fascinating article like yours. It¡¦s pretty price enough for me. Personally, if all site owners and bloggers made excellent content material as you probably did, the web will be much more helpful than ever before.
Wow! This could be one particular of the most beneficial blogs We’ve ever arrive across on this subject. Basically Excellent. I’m also an expert in this topic so I can understand your effort.
A lot of thanks for all your valuable work on this blog. My daughter take interest in conducting research and it is obvious why. My spouse and i learn all of the dynamic method you create functional solutions on this blog and improve participation from some others about this topic while our princess is actually being taught a lot of things. Enjoy the rest of the year. You are performing a very good job.
I blog frequently and I genuinely thank you for your content. Your article has truly peaked my interest. I am going to book mark your site and keep checking for new information about once a week. I subscribed to your Feed as well.
Great blog right here! Additionally your site a lot up fast! What web host are you the usage of? Can I get your affiliate hyperlink to your host? I want my web site loaded up as quickly as yours lol
Heya i am for the first time here. I found this board and I find It truly useful & it helped me out a lot. I hope to give something back and aid others like you helped me.
you’re really a excellent webmaster. The web site loading pace is incredible. It seems that you’re doing any unique trick. Also, The contents are masterwork. you’ve done a fantastic job on this subject!
JLhbEa Wow, amazing blog layout! How long have you been blogging for? you made blogging look easy. The overall look of your site is great, as well as the content!
I think this is one of the most important information for me. And i’m glad reading your article. But wanna remark on few general things, The website style is wonderful, the articles is really nice : D. Good job, cheers
My brother recommended I might like this blog. He was totally right. This post actually made my day. You cann’t imagine simply how much time I had spent for this information! Thanks!
Its like you read my mind! You seem to know a lot about this, like you wrote the book in it or something. I think that you can do with some pics to drive the message home a bit, but instead of that, this is magnificent blog. A great read. I will definitely be back.
Thanks for another magnificent article. The place else could anybody get that kind of info in such an ideal method of writing? I’ve a presentation subsequent week, and I’m on the look for such info.
You can definitely see your enthusiasm within the paintings you write. The world hopes for more passionate writers such as you who aren’t afraid to mention how they believe. At all times go after your heart.
Thank you for the good writeup. It in fact was a amusement account it. Look advanced to far added agreeable from you! However, how could we communicate?
Great write-up, I am regular visitor of one¡¦s web site, maintain up the nice operate, and It is going to be a regular visitor for a lengthy time.
I’m still learning from you, while I’m trying to achieve my goals. I absolutely liked reading everything that is posted on your site.Keep the information coming. I liked it!
Great website. A lot of helpful info here. I am sending it to several buddies ans also sharing in delicious. And of course, thank you in your sweat!
I carry on listening to the news update lecture about receiving boundless online grant applications so I have been looking around for the most excellent site to get one. Could you advise me please, where could i get some?
Excellent web site you have here.. It’s difficult to find high quality writing like yours nowadays. I honestly appreciate individuals like you! Take care!!
An intriguing discussion is definitely worth comment. There’s no doubt that that you need to publish more about this subject, it may not be a taboo subject but generally folks don’t talk about these subjects. To the next! All the best!!
Hello my family member! I wish to say that this article is awesome, great written and come with almost all important infos. I would like to look more posts like this .
Nice post. I was checking constantly this blog and I am impressed! Extremely helpful info particularly the last part I care for such information much. I was seeking this particular information for a very long time. Thank you and good luck.
Wow, superb blog layout! How lengthy have you been blogging for? you make running a blog look easy. The entire look of your website is magnificent, let alone the content!
you’re in reality a good webmaster. The web site loading velocity is incredible. It kind of feels that you are doing any distinctive trick. Furthermore, The contents are masterpiece. you have performed a magnificent process on this topic!
Nice blog here! Also your website loads up very fast! What web host are you using? Can I get your affiliate link to your host? I wish my web site loaded up as quickly as yours lol
Good website! I truly love how it is simple on my eyes and the data are well written. I’m wondering how I might be notified when a new post has been made. I’ve subscribed to your RSS feed which must do the trick! Have a great day!
I have been absent for some time, but now I remember why I used to love this web site. Thank you, I¡¦ll try and check back more often. How frequently you update your web site?
Wonderful site. Plenty of helpful information here. I am sending it to several friends ans additionally sharing in delicious. And certainly, thanks on your effort!
Great remarkable issues here. I¡¦m very glad to see your article. Thank you so much and i’m having a look forward to contact you. Will you please drop me a e-mail?
Hello There. I found your blog using msn. This is an extremely well written article. I will make sure to bookmark it and come back to read more of your useful info. Thanks for the post. I will definitely comeback.
Hey there, You’ve done an excellent job. I’ll certainly digg it and personally suggest to my friends. I’m sure they will be benefited from this web site.
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this info. Today bloggers publish only about gossips and web and this is really irritating. A good site with exciting content, this is what I need. Thanks for keeping this web site, I will be visiting it. Do you do newsletters? Cant find it.
I’m not sure where you’re getting your info, but good topic. I needs to spend some time learning more or understanding more. Thanks for magnificent info I was looking for this info for my mission.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossips and net and this is actually frustrating. A good website with exciting content, that’s what I need. Thank you for keeping this website, I’ll be visiting it. Do you do newsletters? Can’t find it.
Good write-up, I¡¦m normal visitor of one¡¦s website, maintain up the nice operate, and It’s going to be a regular visitor for a lengthy time.
Hi Nice Day to You, I will come the information trying to find an idea or else an motivating article. Nice article, thank you for sharing. Eddith
I genuinely enjoy studying on this website , it has got wonderful posts . “Something unpredictable but in the end it’s right, I hope you have the time of your life.” by Greenday.
I truly enjoy examining on this website, it has got great articles. “Never fight an inanimate object.” by P. J. O’Rourke.
Visit this I was recommended this website by my cousin. I am not sure whether this post is written by him as nobody else know such detailed about my trouble. You are wonderful! Thanks!
I’m really impressed with your writing skills and also with the layout on your weblog. Is this a paid theme or did you customize it yourself? Either way keep up the nice quality writing, it’s rare to see a great blog like this one nowadays..
Well I definitely liked studying it. This post procured by you is very useful for accurate planning.
Great remarkable issues here. I am very satisfied to peer your post. Thank you a lot and i am looking ahead to touch you. Will you kindly drop me a e-mail?
Somebody essentially help to make critically articles I would state. This is the very first time I frequented your website page and up to now? I surprised with the research you made to make this actual publish amazing. Great job!
I wanted to thank you for this fantastic write-up, I certainly loved each and every small bit of it. I ave bookmarked your web site to look at the latest stuff you post.
Excellent post. I was checking constantly this blog and I’m impressed! Extremely useful info specially the last part I care for such info much. I was seeking this particular info for a long time. Thank you and best of luck.
Fantastic web site. Plenty of helpful info here. I am sending it to some friends ans additionally sharing in delicious. And certainly, thank you on your effort!
I wish to express my appreciation for your generosity in support of persons who really want help on this one subject. Your real dedication to passing the solution around came to be especially practical and has continuously permitted employees just like me to achieve their goals. Your entire useful recommendations implies much to me and substantially more to my mates. Thank you; from everyone of us.
hello!,I really like your writing very a lot! percentage we communicate more about your article on AOL? I need a specialist on this house to unravel my problem. Maybe that is you! Having a look forward to look you.
I truly appreciate this post. I¡¦ve been looking everywhere for this! Thank goodness I found it on Bing. You have made my day! Thank you again
Good blog! I really love how it is simple on my eyes and the data are well written. I’m wondering how I might be notified when a new post has been made. I’ve subscribed to your feed which must do the trick! Have a nice day!
That is a great tip especially to those new to the blogosphere. Short but very accurate information… Thank you for sharing this one. A must read post!
Wow, wonderful blog format! How long have you ever been blogging for? you make blogging glance easy. The full look of your website is magnificent, let alone the content material!
I haven¡¦t checked in here for some time since I thought it was getting boring, but the last few posts are good quality so I guess I¡¦ll add you back to my everyday bloglist. You deserve it my friend
It is perfect time to make some plans for the future and it’s time to be happy. I have read this post and if I could I desire to suggest you some interesting things or tips. Maybe you can write next articles referring to this article. I want to read even more things about it!
I’m very happy to read this. This is the kind of manual that needs to be given and not the accidental misinformation that is at the other blogs. Appreciate your sharing this best doc.
whoah this weblog is great i like reading your posts. Keep up the good paintings! You realize, lots of persons are searching round for this information, you could aid them greatly.
Well I really liked reading it. This subject procured by you is very constructive for correct planning.
Hi my family member! I want to say that this post is awesome, nice written and include almost all significant infos. I would like to see more posts like this.
Network Marketing is not surprisingly very popular because it can earn you numerous revenue within a really brief time period..
Hiya very cool web site!! Guy .. Beautiful .. Amazing .. I’ll bookmark your blog and take the feeds additionally…I’m satisfied to find so many useful information here within the publish, we’d like work out more techniques on this regard, thanks for sharing.
My coder is trying to persuade me to move to .net from PHP. I have always disliked the idea because of the expenses. But he’s tryiong none the less. I’ve been using Movable-type on a variety of websites for about a year and am worried about switching to another platform. I have heard excellent things about blogengine.net. Is there a way I can transfer all my wordpress content into it? Any kind of help would be greatly appreciated!|
It is in reality a nice and helpful piece of info. I’m happy that you simply shared this helpful information with us. Please stay us up to date like this. Thanks for sharing.|
Hi, Neat post. There’s an issue with your web site in internet explorer, could check this? IE still is the marketplace chief and a good element of other folks will miss your magnificent writing because of this problem.|
I think that everything said made a lot of sense. But, what about this? what if you added a little information? I mean, I don’t want to tell you how to run your blog, however suppose you added something to maybe get people’s attention? I mean %BLOG_TITLE% is a little vanilla. You could glance at Yahoo’s front page and note how they write article titles to get viewers to click. You might add a video or a pic or two to grab people excited about everything’ve written. In my opinion, it could make your posts a little livelier.|
As I web-site possessor I believe the content material here is rattling wonderful , appreciate it for your efforts. You should keep it up forever! Best of luck.
Wow, fantastic weblog structure! How long have you ever been running a blog for? you make running a blog look easy. The entire look of your website is magnificent, let alone the content material!
Great article and right to the point. I don’t know if this is truly the best place to ask but do you folks have any ideea where to hire some professional writers? Thank you
I do consider all of the ideas you have offered in your post. They are very convincing and can certainly work. Nonetheless, the posts are very quick for novices. Could you please prolong them a little from subsequent time? Thanks for the post.
I was just seeking this information for some time. After six hours of continuous Googleing, at last I got it in your website. I wonder what’s the lack of Google strategy that don’t rank this kind of informative websites in top of the list. Usually the top sites are full of garbage.
It¡¦s really a nice and useful piece of information. I am satisfied that you shared this helpful information with us. Please keep us up to date like this. Thanks for sharing.
I just could not go away your website before suggesting that I extremely loved the standard info a person provide to your visitors? Is gonna be back incessantly to investigate cross-check new posts
I have recently started a blog, the information you provide on this site has helped me greatly. Thanks for all of your time & work.
Hello there, I found your blog by means of Google whilst looking for a related matter, your site got here up, it seems good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks.
Thank you for the sensible critique. Me and my neighbor were just preparing to do some research on this. We got a grab a book from our local library but I think I learned more clear from this post. I’m very glad to see such wonderful information being shared freely out there.
Have you ever considered writing an ebook or guest authoring on other websites? I have a blog based on the same topics you discuss and would love to have you share some stories/information. I know my visitors would value your work. If you’re even remotely interested, feel free to send me an email.|
Hi, i think that i saw you visited my web site so i came to â€œreturn the favorâ€.I’m attempting to find things to enhance my website!I suppose its ok to use some of your ideas!!|
I was curious if you ever thought of changing the page layout of your blog? Its very well written; I love what youve got to say. But maybe you could a little more in the way of content so people could connect with it better. Youve got an awful lot of text for only having one or two pictures. Maybe you could space it out better?|
wonderful post, very informative. I wonder why the other specialists of this sector do not notice this. You should continue your writing. I am confident, you have a great readers a base already!
Hello! Do you use Twitter? I’d like to follow you if that would be okay. I’m undoubtedly enjoying your blog and look forward to new posts.|
Hello, you used to write wonderful, but the last few posts have been kinda boring¡K I miss your great writings. Past several posts are just a little out of track! come on!
Nice blog here! Also your web site loads up fast! What host are you using? Can I get your affiliate link to your host? I wish my website loaded up as fast as yours lol|
Attractive section of content. I just stumbled upon your web site and in accession capital to assert that I acquire actually enjoyed account your blog posts. Any way I will be subscribing to your augment and even I achievement you access consistently quickly.|
hello!,I really like your writing so so much! share we keep up a correspondence more about your article on AOL? I require an expert on this space to resolve my problem. Maybe that is you! Having a look forward to peer you.
Wow! This can be one particular of the most useful blogs We’ve ever arrive across on this subject. Actually Magnificent. I am also a specialist in this topic therefore I can understand your effort.
Good site! I really love how it is simple on my eyes and the data are well written. I’m wondering how I might be notified whenever a new post has been made. I have subscribed to your RSS which must do the trick! Have a nice day!
I needed to thank you for this very good read!! I absolutely loved every little bit of it. I have got you book-marked to look at new stuff you postâ€¦|
Enormous page, To conclude I will wantcomment your pleasant blog. You done a number of nice points there.
hello there and thank you for your information â€“ I have certainly picked up something new from right here. I did however expertise several technical points using this site, as I experienced to reload the web site a lot of times previous to I could get it to load correctly. I had been wondering if your hosting is OK? Not that I am complaining, but sluggish loading instances times will often affect your placement in google and can damage your high quality score if advertising and marketing with Adwords. Anyway I’m adding this RSS to my e-mail and could look out for much more of your respective fascinating content. Make sure you update this again soon.|
Thank you, I have just been searching for info approximately this topic for ages and yours is the best I’ve came upon till now. But, what in regards to the bottom line? Are you positive about the source?|
If you are going for most excellent contents like me, simply go to see this website everyday since it presents feature contents, thanks|
Spot on with this write-up, I seriously believe that this website needs a lot more attention. I’ll probably be back again to read through more, thanks for the info!|
We stumbled over here different page and thought I might as well check things out. I like what I see so i am just following you. Look forward to looking over your web page again.|
Fantastic web site. A lot of helpful information here. I am sending it to several pals ans additionally sharing in delicious. And naturally, thanks to your effort!
Hello there, I discovered your web site by the use of Google whilst searching for a related matter, your website got here up, it appears to be like good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks.
Wow! Thank you! I permanently needed to write on my site something like that. Can I include a part of your post to my website?
Wonderful website. Lots of helpful info here. I am sending it to several pals ans additionally sharing in delicious. And obviously, thank you on your effort!
I’m still learning from you, as I’m trying to reach my goals. I definitely love reading all that is written on your website.Keep the aarticles coming. I loved it!
Wow, fantastic weblog layout! How lengthy have you ever been running a blog for? you make running a blog look easy. The entire look of your website is fantastic, let alone the content material!
Simply want to say your article is as amazing. The clarity in your post is simply nice and i could assume you are an expert on this subject. Well with your permission let me to grab your RSS feed to keep updated with forthcoming post. Thanks a million and please keep up the gratifying work.
Its like you read my mind! You appear to know so much about this, like you wrote the book in it or something. I think that you can do with some pics to drive the message home a little bit, but instead of that, this is great blog. A great read. I’ll certainly be back.
Hi, Neat post. There is an issue along with your website in internet explorer, might check this¡K IE still is the market leader and a huge section of folks will pass over your fantastic writing because of this problem.
Hey there, You’ve performed a fantastic job. I will certainly digg it and for my part suggest to my friends. I am sure they’ll be benefited from this website.|
Pretty nice post. I just stumbled upon your weblog and wanted to say that I have really enjoyed browsing your blog posts. After all I will be subscribing to your feed and I hope you write again soon!
It is actually a nice and helpful piece of info. I am glad that you shared this useful info with us. Please stay us informed like this. Thank you for sharing.
Terrific work! This is the type of information that should be shared across the net. Disgrace on Google for not positioning this post upper! Come on over and visit my website . Thanks =)
Hello there, just became alert to your blog through Google, and found that it is really informative. I’m gonna watch out for brussels. I’ll be grateful if you continue this in future. Many people will be benefited from your writing. Cheers!
I haven¡¦t checked in here for a while since I thought it was getting boring, but the last several posts are great quality so I guess I will add you back to my daily bloglist. You deserve it my friend
There is clearly a bundle to know about this. I assume you made various good points in features also.
Attractive section of content. I just stumbled upon your site and in accession capital to assert that I get actually enjoyed account your blog posts. Any way I’ll be subscribing to your feeds and even I achievement you access consistently fast.
Thanks for some other excellent post. Where else could anyone get that kind of info in such an ideal approach of writing? I have a presentation next week, and I am on the search for such info.
Do you have a spam issue on this site; I also am a blogger, and I was wanting to know your situation; many of us have created some nice methods and we are looking to exchange methods with other folks, why not shoot me an email if interested.|
Howdy I am so excited I found your website, I really found you by error, while I was looking on Bing for something else, Nonetheless I am here now and would just like to say kudos for a fantastic post and a all round enjoyable blog (I also love the theme/design), I donâ€™t have time to read through it all at the minute but I have book-marked it and also added in your RSS feeds, so when I have time I will be back to read much more, Please do keep up the fantastic b.|
Thank you for sharing superb informations. Your website is very cool. I am impressed by the details that you have on this blog. It reveals how nicely you understand this subject. Bookmarked this web page, will come back for extra articles. You, my friend, ROCK! I found just the information I already searched all over the place and just could not come across. What an ideal web site.
Excellent site you have got here.. It’s hard to find good quality writing like yours nowadays. I seriously appreciate individuals like you! Take care!!
Hello, i think that i noticed you visited my web site so i got here to return the choose?.I’m trying to in finding things to enhance my web site!I guess its good enough to use a few of your ideas!!|
I enjoy, cause I discovered just what I used to be having a look for. You’ve ended my 4 day lengthy hunt! God Bless you man. Have a nice day. Bye|
My family members every time say that I am wasting my time here at net, however I know I am getting experience everyday by reading such nice articles or reviews.|
Greetings! I know this is kind of off topic but I was wondering which blog platform are you using for this website? I’m getting tired of WordPress because I’ve had issues with hackers and I’m looking at alternatives for another platform. I would be great if you could point me in the direction of a good platform.|
Hey There. I found your blog using msn nimrnsjd. This is a really well written article. I’ll be sure to bookmark it and come back to read more of your useful information. Thanks for the post. I’ll definitely return.
Thanks a bunch for sharing this with all folks you actually realize what you are speaking approximately! Bookmarked. Kindly also visit my web site =). We can have a hyperlink change arrangement between us|
Good day! This is kind of off topic but I need some advice from an established blog. Is it very hard to set up your own blog? I’m not very techincal but I can figure things out pretty quick. I’m thinking about setting up my own but I’m not sure where to begin. Do you have any ideas or suggestions? Many thanks|
I’ve been surfing on-line greater than three hours as of late, but I by no means discovered any interesting article like yours. It¡¦s lovely worth enough for me. In my view, if all site owners and bloggers made just right content as you probably did, the net might be much more helpful than ever before.
Definitely, what a magnificent website and informative posts, I definitely will bookmark your website.Best Regards!
I do consider all of the ideas you have introduced to your post. They are really convincing and can certainly work. Nonetheless, the posts are very brief for novices. May just you please prolong them a bit from next time? Thank you for the post.
excellent points altogether, you just won a brand new reader. What could you suggest about your post that you simply made a few days ago? Any sure?
Attractive section of content. I just stumbled upon your website and in accession capital to assert that I acquire in fact enjoyed account your blog posts. Anyway I’ll be subscribing to your augment and even I achievement you access consistently rapidly.
I’ve been browsing online more than 2 hours today, yet I never found any interesting article like yours. It is pretty worth enough for me. In my view, if all webmasters and bloggers made good content as you did, the net will be much more useful than ever before.|
you’re truly a excellent webmaster. The site loading pace is amazing. It sort of feels that you are doing any unique trick. Moreover, The contents are masterwork. you have done a magnificent activity on this topic!
Definitely believe that which you stated. Your favorite justification seemed to be on the web the simplest thing to be aware of. I say to you, I certainly get annoyed while people consider worries that they plainly don’t know about. You managed to hit the nail upon the top as well as defined out the whole thing without having side-effects , people can take a signal. Will probably be back to get more. Thanks
There is perceptibly a lot to identify about this. I consider you made some good points in features also.
Hi there, after reading this awesome post i am too delighted to share my experience here with colleagues.|
certainly like your website however you need to check the spelling on quite a few of your posts. Several of them are rife with spelling issues and I in finding it very bothersome to inform the reality then again I will surely come back again.|
Are you interested in selling a home or buying a home in Tallahassee, Florida? Get the most current list of homes for sale in Tallahassee, plus information on neighborhoods and subdivisions and where the hottest properties are located in Florida’s Capital City.
Thank you for the sensible critique. Me & my neighbor were just preparing to do some research about this. We got a grab a book from our local library but I think I learned more from this post. I’m very glad to see such excellent information being shared freely out there.
Its like you read my mind! You appear to know a lot about this, like you wrote the book in it or something. I think that you can do with a few pics to drive the message home a bit, but other than that, this is excellent blog. A fantastic read. I will definitely be back.|
Oh my goodness! Incredible article dude! Thank you so much, However I am encountering difficulties with your RSS. I don’t know the reason why I am unable to join it. Is there anyone else having identical RSS issues? Anybody who knows the answer will you kindly respond? Thanx!!|
Hi there, just became alert to your blog through Google, and found that it’s truly informative. I am going to watch out for brussels. I’ll be grateful if you continue this in future. A lot of people will be benefited from your writing. Cheers!
hello!,I love your writing so much! percentage we keep up a correspondence extra approximately your post on AOL? I require a specialist on this space to resolve my problem. Maybe that is you! Taking a look forward to look you.
I’m still learning from you, but I’m improving myself. I absolutely liked reading all that is posted on your site.Keep the aarticles coming. I loved it!
I loved as much as you’ll receive carried out right here. The sketch is tasteful, your authored subject matter stylish. nonetheless, you command get got an shakiness over that you wish be delivering the following. unwell unquestionably come more formerly again as exactly the same nearly a lot often inside case you shield this increase.
I have recently started a website, the information you offer on this website has helped me greatly. Thanks for all of your time & work.
As a Newbie, I am constantly exploring online for articles that can be of assistance to me. Thank you
My brother suggested I might like this web site. He was totally right. This post actually made my day. You can not imagine just how much time I had spent for this information! Thanks!|
Today, I went to the beach front with my children. I found a sea shell and gave it to my 4 year old daughter and said “You can hear the ocean if you put this to your ear.” She put the shell to her ear and screamed. There was a hermit crab inside and it pinched her ear. She never wants to go back! LoL I know this is entirely off topic but I had to tell someone!|
You can definitely see your expertise within the paintings you write. The sector hopes for more passionate writers such as you who are not afraid to mention how they believe. All the time follow your heart.
Hey would you mind sharing which blog platform you’re working with? I’m planning to start my own blog soon but I’m having a hard time selecting between BlogEngine/Wordpress/B2evolution and Drupal. The reason I ask is because your layout seems different then most blogs and I’m looking for something unique. P.S Sorry for being off-topic but I had to ask!|
Pretty component of content. I simply stumbled upon your blog and in accession capital to say that I acquire in fact loved account your blog posts. Anyway I’ll be subscribing in your augment and even I fulfillment you get entry to persistently fast.|
wonderful points altogether, you simply won a logo new reader. What might you suggest about your post that you made a few days in the past? Any certain?
great points altogether, you simply won a logo new reader. What might you recommend about your publish that you just made a few days in the past? Any positive?
Hello, Neat post. There’s a problem with your website in internet explorer, could test this¡K IE still is the market chief and a good component to folks will pass over your magnificent writing due to this problem.
I every time used to read paragraph in news papers but now as I am a user of web so from now I am using net for articles, thanks to web.|
Great blog right here! Additionally your site rather a lot up very fast! What host are you the usage of? Can I get your associate hyperlink on your host? I wish my web site loaded up as quickly as yours lol
Does your website have a contact page? I’m having trouble locating it but, I’d like to shoot you an email. I’ve got some creative ideas for your blog you might be interested in hearing. Either way, great blog and I look forward to seeing it expand over time.|
Hi there, I discovered your website by way of Google while searching for a similar subject, your web site came up, it seems to be great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks.
Does your website have a contact page? I’m having a tough time locating it but, I’d like to send you an e-mail. I’ve got some ideas for your blog you might be interested in hearing. Either way, great website and I look forward to seeing it expand over time.|
Undeniably believe that mikelrids that you said. Your favorite justification appeared to be on the net the simplest factor to keep in mind of. I say to you, I definitely get irked at the same time as people think about concerns that they plainly do not realize about. You managed to hit the nail upon the highest and outlined out the entire thing without having side effect , people could take a signal. Will likely be back to get more. Thank you
Thank you for any other wonderful post. Where else may just anybody get that kind of information in such an ideal manner of writing? I’ve a presentation next week, and I am on the look for such info.
This is very attention-grabbing, You are an excessively skilled blogger. I’ve joined your rss feed and sit up for in the hunt for more of your fantastic post. Also, I’ve shared your web site in my social networks|
I am no longer positive where you are getting your information, however great topic. I must spend some time learning more or figuring out more. Thanks for wonderful information I used to be looking for this info for my mission.
I just couldn’t go away your site before suggesting that I extremely loved the usual information a person supply on your visitors? Is going to be back often to investigate cross-check new posts
It is not my first time to pay a visit this web site, i am visiting this website dailly and get fastidious facts from here daily.|
Wow, awesome blog layout! How long have you been blogging for? you make blogging look easy. The overall look of your site is fantastic, as well as the content!|
Fine way of describing, and fastidious paragraph to get information about my presentation focus, which i am going to convey in university.|
Wow, fantastic blog layout! How long have you been blogging for? you made blogging look easy. The overall look of your web site is fantastic, let alone the content!
Hi, Neat post. There is a problem with your website in internet explorer, could test this? IE still is the market chief and a large section of folks will omit your great writing due to this problem.|
Link exchange is nothing else however it is only placing the other person’s blog link on your page at suitable place and other person will also do same in support of you.|
Just desire to say your article is as astonishing. The clarity in your post is just great and i could assume you’re a professional on this subject. Well together with your permission allow me to snatch your feed to stay updated with approaching post. Thanks 1,000,000 and please keep up the gratifying work.|
As the admin of this web site is working, no question very rapidly it will be famous, due to its feature contents.|
If you would like to grow your familiarity only keep visiting this web page and be updated with the most up-to-date gossip posted here.|
Hey! I could have sworn I’ve been to this site before but after reading through some of the post I realized it’s new to me. Anyways, I’m definitely delighted I found it and I’ll be bookmarking and checking back frequently!|
Write more, thats all I have to say. Literally, it seems as though you relied on the video to make your point. You clearly know what youre talking about, why waste your intelligence on just posting videos to your blog when you could be giving us something informative to read?|
Great tremendous issues here. I¡¦m very glad to see your post. Thank you so much and i am having a look ahead to contact you. Will you kindly drop me a mail?
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossips and net and this is really irritating. A good site with interesting content, this is what I need. Thank you for keeping this website, I’ll be visiting it. Do you do newsletters? Can’t find it.
I really appreciate this post. I have been looking everywhere for this! Thank goodness I found it on Bing. You’ve made my day! Thx again
I as well as my buddies have been reading the best helpful tips located on your website and then unexpectedly I got a terrible suspicion I had not expressed respect to you for those techniques. All the ladies are already so joyful to see all of them and have in effect certainly been enjoying these things. I appreciate you for actually being really considerate and then for pick out varieties of cool subject areas most people are really desperate to be aware of. Our own sincere apologies for not saying thanks to you earlier.
Thanks for some other magnificent post. Where else may anyone get that type of information in such an ideal way of writing? I have a presentation next week, and I’m on the search for such info.
Good website! I really love how it is easy on my eyes and the data are well written. I am wondering how I could be notified whenever a new post has been made. I’ve subscribed to your RSS which must do the trick! Have a nice day!
I have been exploring for a bit for any high quality articles or blog posts on this sort of house . Exploring in Yahoo I eventually stumbled upon this site. Studying this information So i am satisfied to exhibit that I have an incredibly excellent uncanny feeling I found out exactly what I needed. I such a lot unquestionably will make sure to don¡¦t forget this web site and give it a glance regularly.
Hurrah, that’s what I was looking for, what a material! existing here at this webpage, thanks admin of this web page.|
I do not even know how I ended up here, but I thought this post was great. I don’t know who you are but certainly you are going to a famous blogger if you aren’t already 😉 Cheers!
I have learn a few excellent stuff here. Definitely price bookmarking for revisiting. I surprise how so much attempt you place to make one of these great informative web site.
I’ve been surfing on-line greater than three hours these days, yet I never discovered any interesting article like yours. It is lovely price enough for me. In my opinion, if all site owners and bloggers made excellent content material as you did, the web will likely be much more useful than ever before.|
I loved as much as you will receive carried out right here. The sketch is attractive, your authored material stylish. nonetheless, you command get got an edginess over that you wish be delivering the following. unwell unquestionably come more formerly again since exactly the same nearly a lot often inside case you shield this hike.|
I’ve been browsing on-line greater than 3 hours lately, yet I never found any fascinating article like yours. It is lovely price enough for me. In my opinion, if all web owners and bloggers made good content as you probably did, the internet can be a lot more helpful than ever before.
obviously like your website however you have to test the spelling on quite a few of your posts. A number of them are rife with spelling issues and I in finding it very bothersome to tell the reality however I will surely come back again.
I am only commenting to make you be aware of what a magnificent discovery my friend’s girl went through viewing the blog. She discovered plenty of details, including what it’s like to possess a wonderful teaching character to make many more very easily grasp certain problematic issues. You undoubtedly did more than readers’ expected results. Thank you for displaying these productive, healthy, edifying and unique guidance on your topic to Julie.
What i do not understood is if truth be told how you’re now not really much more well-liked than you may be now. You’re very intelligent. You already know therefore significantly in terms of this subject, produced me in my opinion imagine it from numerous various angles. Its like women and men are not fascinated until it¡¦s one thing to accomplish with Girl gaga! Your personal stuffs nice. Always maintain it up!
I enjoy you because of your own efforts on this web site. My mum takes pleasure in setting aside time for research and it’s obvious why. I hear all regarding the compelling means you create invaluable tips and hints by means of this blog and in addition increase participation from other people about this concern while our simple princess is without question understanding so much. Take advantage of the rest of the new year. You are performing a glorious job.
Definitely believe that which you said. Your favorite reason appeared to be on the web the easiest thing to be aware of. I say to you, I certainly get annoyed while people think about worries that they plainly do not know about. You managed to hit the nail upon the top as well as defined out the whole thing without having side effect , people could take a signal. Will likely be back to get more. Thanks|
Woah! I’m really loving the template/theme of this website. It’s simple, yet effective. A lot of times it’s very difficult to get that “perfect balance” between usability and visual appeal. I must say that you’ve done a fantastic job with this. In addition, the blog loads extremely quick for me on Safari. Outstanding Blog!|
It’s an awesome paragraph designed for all the web visitors; they will obtain advantage from it I am sure.|
I’m very happy to read this. This is the type of manual that needs to be given and not the random misinformation that is at the other blogs. Appreciate your sharing this best doc.
Thanks for the good writeup. It actually used to be a amusement account it. Glance advanced to more added agreeable from you! However, how could we communicate?|
I don’t even know how I ended up here, but I thought this post was great. I do not know who you are but definitely you are going to a famous blogger if you are not already 😉 Cheers!|
Hi there i am kavin, its my first time to commenting anywhere, when i read this article i thought i could also make comment due to this sensible article.|
I’m really enjoying the theme/design of your weblog. Do you ever run into any browser compatibility problems? A couple of my blog readers have complained about my website not working correctly in Explorer but looks great in Chrome. Do you have any recommendations to help fix this problem?|
Nice blog! Is your theme custom made or did you download it from somewhere? A design like yours with a few simple adjustements would really make my blog shine. Please let me know where you got your design. Many thanks|
I must thank you for the efforts you have put in writing this site. I’m hoping to check out the same high-grade content from you later on as well. In fact, your creative writing abilities has inspired me to get my own, personal blog now ;)|
I am in fact grateful to the holder of this website who has shared this impressive post at at this time.|
I as well as my pals have been reading through the excellent advice found on your web page and quickly I had a horrible feeling I never expressed respect to the website owner for those tips. Those young men happened to be certainly stimulated to study them and have in effect really been tapping into these things. Appreciation for being well kind and then for obtaining this sort of important things most people are really eager to discover. My honest regret for not expressing appreciation to you earlier.
Hi there, just became aware of your blog through Google, and found that it’s truly informative. I am gonna watch out for brussels. I’ll appreciate if you continue this in future. Numerous people will be benefited from your writing. Cheers!
Does your website have a contact page? I’m having trouble locating it but, I’d like to shoot you an email. I’ve got some ideas for your blog you might be interested in hearing. Either way, great site and I look forward to seeing it develop over time.|
My brother recommended I might like this web site. He was entirely right. This post actually made my day. You can not imagine just how much time I had spent for this info! Thanks!
Hey there, You’ve done an incredible job. I will definitely digg it and personally suggest to my friends. I am confident they will be benefited from this site.
What i do not understood is if truth be told how you are now not really a lot more smartly-favored than you might be right now. You’re so intelligent. You realize thus considerably in terms of this matter, made me individually consider it from so many various angles. Its like women and men don’t seem to be involved unless it is one thing to accomplish with Girl gaga! Your individual stuffs great. At all times handle it up!
Normally I don’t read article on blogs, but I would like to say that this write-up very pressured me to take a look at and do it! Your writing taste has been surprised me. Thanks, quite nice post.
My brother suggested I might like this website. He was entirely right. This post actually made my day. You can not imagine simply how much time I had spent for this information! Thanks!
I’m not sure where you’re getting your information, but great topic. I needs to spend some time learning much more or understanding more. Thanks for great info I was looking for this information for my mission.
You could definitely see your skills in the paintings you write. The arena hopes for even more passionate writers like you who aren’t afraid to mention how they believe. Always follow your heart.
I haven¡¦t checked in here for a while since I thought it was getting boring, but the last few posts are great quality so I guess I¡¦ll add you back to my daily bloglist. You deserve it my friend
I am just writing to let you be aware of what a superb discovery my child went through visiting your site. She mastered a lot of things, with the inclusion of what it’s like to possess a very effective coaching character to make the others clearly fully understand various tortuous subject matter. You undoubtedly exceeded my expectations. I appreciate you for displaying the insightful, healthy, educational and even cool tips on your topic to Evelyn.
Someone necessarily lend a hand to make critically posts I’d state. That is the first time I frequented your website page and up to now? I surprised with the research you made to create this actual publish extraordinary. Fantastic task!
Woah! I’m really enjoying the template/theme of this site. It’s simple, yet effective. A lot of times it’s challenging to get that “perfect balance” between user friendliness and visual appeal. I must say you’ve done a fantastic job with this. Additionally, the blog loads very fast for me on Opera. Exceptional Blog!|
Wow, awesome blog structure! How long have you ever been blogging for? you make blogging glance easy. The whole look of your web site is fantastic, as well as the content material!
Woah! I’m really digging the template/theme of this blog. It’s simple, yet effective. A lot of times it’s tough to get that “perfect balance” between superb usability and visual appeal. I must say you have done a superb job with this. Also, the blog loads very fast for me on Chrome. Outstanding Blog!|
Very nice post and straight to the point. I am not sure if this is actually the best place to ask but do you folks have any ideea where to hire some professional writers? Thank you
I want to express my appreciation to you just for rescuing me from such a challenge. Just after checking throughout the internet and seeing tips which were not productive, I assumed my entire life was done. Being alive without the approaches to the difficulties you have sorted out all through your blog post is a crucial case, as well as the kind that could have in a negative way affected my career if I had not discovered your blog. Your good natural talent and kindness in maneuvering all areas was invaluable. I don’t know what I would’ve done if I hadn’t come upon such a thing like this. It’s possible to at this point relish my future. Thanks a lot so much for the specialized and amazing help. I will not be reluctant to refer the blog to any person who should receive recommendations on this problem.
Wonderful work! That is the type of info that should be shared around the internet. Shame on Google for not positioning this submit higher! Come on over and talk over with my website . Thank you =)
Pretty section of content. I just stumbled upon your blog and in accession capital to assert that I acquire actually enjoyed account your blog posts. Any way I’ll be subscribing to your augment and even I achievement you access consistently fast.
I would like to show some thanks to you for rescuing me from this type of problem. After searching throughout the search engines and getting tricks which were not beneficial, I thought my entire life was over. Existing devoid of the approaches to the difficulties you’ve resolved all through the site is a crucial case, and the ones that could have negatively affected my entire career if I had not discovered the blog. Your main capability and kindness in taking care of all areas was tremendous. I don’t know what I would’ve done if I had not come across such a subject like this. I’m able to at this point look ahead to my future. Thanks a lot very much for the expert and results-oriented guide. I won’t be reluctant to endorse your blog post to any individual who would need guidance on this topic.
You actually make it seem really easy together with your presentation however I to find this topic to be actually one thing which I believe I would never understand. It seems too complex and very extensive for me. I am taking a look ahead in your next post, I will try to get the grasp of it!
I have been surfing on-line greater than 3 hours these days, yet I never found any fascinating article like yours. It is lovely value enough for me. Personally, if all site owners and bloggers made excellent content as you probably did, the web shall be much more useful than ever before.
Attractive section of content. I just stumbled upon your blog and in accession capital to assert that I get actually enjoyed account your blog posts. Anyway I will be subscribing to your feeds and even I achievement you access consistently fast.
I’m still learning from you, while I’m making my way to the top as well. I absolutely liked reading all that is written on your blog.Keep the posts coming. I loved it!
Whats Happening i am new to this, I stumbled upon this I have discovered It absolutely helpful and it has helped me out loads. I’m hoping to contribute & help other users like its aided me. Great job.
Wow! Thank you! I continually needed to write on my site something like that. Can I implement a fragment of your post to my site?
Wow that was strange. I just wrote an really long comment but after I clicked submit my comment didn’t appear. Grrrr… well I’m not writing all that over again. Regardless, just wanted to say fantastic blog!|
Hello, you used to write magnificent, but the last few posts have been kinda boring¡K I miss your great writings. Past several posts are just a bit out of track! come on!
You really make it appear so easy along with your presentation however I to find this matter to be actually something that I feel I would never understand. It seems too complex and very huge for me. I’m looking forward in your next publish, I will try to get the grasp of it!
I’ve been absent for some time, but now I remember why I used to love this web site. Thank you, I¡¦ll try and check back more frequently. How frequently you update your web site?
I’m also writing to let you understand of the exceptional encounter our princess enjoyed browsing yuor web blog. She realized such a lot of things, not to mention how it is like to possess a marvelous coaching mood to let most people without hassle learn selected grueling issues. You really surpassed my expected results. Many thanks for presenting such important, trusted, explanatory as well as cool tips about this topic to Sandra.
Very well written article. It will be helpful to everyone who usess it, including me. Keep doing what you are doing – for sure i will check out more posts.
Very nice post and right to the point. I don’t know if this is actually the best place to ask but do you folks have any ideea where to hire some professional writers? Thanks
A lot of thanks for your own effort on this blog. My mom loves engaging in internet research and it’s easy to understand why. Most people know all about the lively means you provide priceless steps through the web blog and in addition foster participation from some other people on the subject matter plus our favorite daughter has been discovering a great deal. Take pleasure in the remaining portion of the new year. You have been conducting a dazzling job.
Wow, fantastic weblog format! How long have you been blogging for? you make blogging look easy. The whole glance of your website is magnificent, let alone the content material!
I’m excited to discover this page. I wanted to thank you for your time just for this wonderful read!! I definitely really liked every little bit of it and I have you saved to fav to see new stuff in your blog.|
Hi, this weekend is fastidious designed for me, as this moment i am reading this enormous informative article here at my house.|
This design is wicked! You obviously know how to keep a reader amused. Between your wit and your videos, I was almost moved to start my own blog (well, almost…HaHa!) Fantastic job. I really loved what you had to say, and more than that, how you presented it. Too cool!|
Having read this I thought it was extremely informative. I appreciate you spending some time and energy to put this informative article together. I once again find myself personally spending way too much time both reading and posting comments. But so what, it was still worthwhile!
Hola! I’ve been reading your weblog for a while now and finally got the courage to go ahead and give you a shout out from Huffman Tx! Just wanted to say keep up the great work!|
Hey would you mind letting me know which webhost you’re using? I’ve loaded your blog in 3 completely different browsers and I must say this blog loads a lot faster then most. Can you recommend a good web hosting provider at a reasonable price? Thanks, I appreciate it!|
Thanks, I have just been searching for information about this subject for a long time and yours is the best I’ve found out so far. However, what concerning the conclusion? Are you positive about the source?
Because the admin of this website is working, no doubt very rapidly it will be well-known, due to its feature contents.|
We stumbled over here coming from a different web address and thought I may as well check things out. I like what I see so i am just following you. Look forward to looking over your web page for a second time.|
Good web site! I truly love how it is easy on my eyes and the data are well written. I’m wondering how I could be notified whenever a new post has been made. I have subscribed to your RSS feed which must do the trick! Have a nice day!
I’m not sure where you’re getting your information, but good topic. I needs to spend some time learning much more or understanding more. Thanks for wonderful information I was looking for this information for my mission.
Magnificent site. Plenty of useful info here. I’m sending it to several friends ans additionally sharing in delicious. And of course, thank you for your effort!|
I relish, result in I discovered just what I was taking a look for. You have ended my four day lengthy hunt! God Bless you man. Have a great day. Bye
Hi! I’m at work surfing around your blog from my new iphone! Just wanted to say I love reading through your blog and look forward to all your posts! Carry on the superb work!|
If some one needs to be updated with most up-to-date technologies after that he must be pay a quick visit this web page and be up to date all the time.|
excellent issues altogether, you just received a new reader. What could you suggest about your submit that you made a few days ago? Any positive?
hello!,I really like your writing so much! share we be in contact more about your article on AOL? I require an expert on this house to unravel my problem. May be that’s you! Taking a look forward to see you.
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossips and internet and this is really irritating. A good blog with exciting content, this is what I need. Thank you for keeping this website, I will be visiting it. Do you do newsletters? Can’t find it.
Great goods from you, man. I’ve understand your stuff previous to and you are just extremely great. I actually like what you’ve acquired here, really like what you’re stating and the way in which you say it. You make it entertaining and you still take care of to keep it wise. I can not wait to read far more from you. This is actually a wonderful website.
Wow, superb weblog layout! How lengthy have you been blogging for? you made running a blog look easy. The total look of your website is fantastic, as neatly as the content!
Wonderful beat ! I wish to apprentice while you amend your site, how can i subscribe for a blog website? The account helped me a acceptable deal. I had been tiny bit acquainted of this your broadcast provided bright clear idea
Thanks a lot for giving everyone an exceptionally marvellous possiblity to read from here. It’s usually so fantastic and as well , stuffed with a good time for me personally and my office mates to visit your website at minimum three times in a week to read the latest guides you have. Not to mention, I am also at all times fascinated with the cool things served by you. Selected two ideas on this page are undeniably the most suitable we have ever had.
Great ¡V I should definitely pronounce, impressed with your site. I had no trouble navigating through all tabs as well as related information ended up being truly simple to do to access. I recently found what I hoped for before you know it at all. Reasonably unusual. Is likely to appreciate it for those who add forums or anything, web site theme . a tones way for your client to communicate. Excellent task..
What i do not understood is in reality how you’re no longer actually much more well-liked than you might be now. You’re so intelligent. You already know thus considerably in the case of this matter, made me for my part believe it from numerous varied angles. Its like men and women don’t seem to be fascinated unless it’s one thing to accomplish with Woman gaga! Your personal stuffs excellent. Always care for it up!|
I’m not sure exactly why but this weblog is loading very slow for me. Is anyone else having this issue or is it a problem on my end? I’ll check back later on and see if the problem still exists.|
I am really impressed with your writing skills and also with the layout on your blog. Is this a paid theme or did you customize it yourself? Anyway keep up the nice quality writing, it’s rare to see a great blog like this one these days.|
Hello, you used to write bileosir great, but the last few posts have been kinda boring… I miss your super writings. Past several posts are just a bit out of track! come on!
hi!,I like your writing so so much! share we be in contact extra about your article on AOL? I require an expert on this area to solve my problem. Maybe that’s you! Having a look ahead to peer you.
Thanks for a marvelous posting! I certainly enjoyed reading it, you can be a great author.I will be sure to bookmark your blog and definitely will come back at some point. I want to encourage you to continue your great writing, have a nice holiday weekend!|
Excellent beat ! I wish to apprentice while you amend your site, how can i subscribe for a blog web site? The account helped me a acceptable deal. I had been a little bit acquainted of this your broadcast offered bright clear idea
Some truly nice and useful information on this internet site, too I conceive the layout holds great features.
Thanks for the sensible critique. Me and my neighbor piotlirska were just preparing to do a little research about this. We got a grab a book from our local library but I think I learned more from this post. I’m very glad to see such magnificent information being shared freely out there.
Good post however , I was wanting to know if you could write a litte more on this subject? I’d be very thankful if you could elaborate a little bit further. Bless you!|
Excellent items from you, man. I have understand your stuff previous to and you’re just extremely fantastic. I really like what you have got right here, certainly like what you are stating and the best way wherein you say it. You’re making it enjoyable and you continue to care for to stay it sensible. I cant wait to read much more from you. That is actually a tremendous web site.|
Greetings! Very useful advice within this article! It is the little changes that will make the largest changes. Thanks for sharing!|
Good post and right to the point. I don’t know if this is actually the best place to ask but do you people have any thoughts on where to employ some professional writers? Thanks in advance
I have not checked in here for a while because I thought it was getting boring, but the last several posts are great quality so I guess I¡¦ll add you back to my daily bloglist. You deserve it my friend
It’s going to be ending of mine day, but before finish I am reading this great paragraph to improve my experience.|
You are so cool! I don’t suppose I have read a single thing like this before. So great to discover somebody with unique thoughts on this issue. Really.. thank you for starting this up. This site is something that is needed on the internet, someone with a bit of originality!
This paragraph will assist the internet viewers for creating new blog or even a weblog from start to end.|
Very nice article and right to the point. I am not sure if this is actually the best place to ask but do you guys have any thoughts on where to get some professional writers? Thanks in advance
It’s an awesome paragraph in support of all the web people; they will take advantage from it I am sure.|
Hi, I do think this is a great website. I stumbledupon it 😉 I’m going to come back once again since I saved as a favorite it. Money and freedom is the greatest way to change, may you be rich and continue to help other people.|
I’m not sure why but this web site is loading incredibly slow for me. Is anyone else having this problem or is it a problem on my end? I’ll check back later on and see if the problem still exists.|
A lot of thanks for all your work on this blog. My mum really likes managing research and it’s simple to grasp why. My spouse and i learn all concerning the compelling manner you render useful tips on this web site and invigorate participation from people on the theme and our favorite princess has been understanding a lot. Have fun with the rest of the year. You are performing a really great job.
Generally I don’t learn post on blogs, however I wish to say that this write-up very compelled me to try and do it! Your writing taste has been surprised me. Thanks, very great article.
Hey There. I found your blog using msn. This is a really well written article. I’ll be sure to bookmark it and come back to read more of your useful information. Thanks for the post. I will definitely return.
I have been examinating out a few of your articles and i can state pretty clever stuff. I will definitely bookmark your site.
I have been browsing online greater than 3 hours as of late, but I by no means found any attention-grabbing article like yours. It¡¦s lovely price enough for me. In my view, if all website owners and bloggers made excellent content as you did, the internet might be a lot more useful than ever before.
Very nice post. I just stumbled upon your blog and wished to say that I’ve truly enjoyed browsing your blog posts. In any case I’ll be subscribing to your feed and I hope you write again very soon!|
These are in fact wonderful ideas in regarding blogging. You have touched some good factors here. Any way keep up wrinting.|
Hello Dear, are you really visiting this web site on a regular basis, if so after that you will definitely get pleasant knowledge.|
If you wish for to grow your know-how simply keep visiting this site and be updated with the most recent information posted here.|
Usually I do not read post on blogs, however I would like to say that this write-up very compelled me to take a look at and do it! Your writing taste has been surprised me. Thanks, quite great article.
Magnificent beat ! I would like to apprentice while you amend your website, how can i subscribe for a blog web site? The account helped me a acceptable deal. I had been tiny bit acquainted of this your broadcast offered bright clear concept
Hello there, just became alert to your blog through Google, and found that it is really informative. I am gonna watch out for brussels. I will be grateful if you continue this in future. Numerous people will be benefited from your writing. Cheers!
Thank you for the good writeup. It in fact was a amusement account it. Look advanced to far added agreeable from you! By the way, how could we communicate?
I have been surfing online greater than 3 hours as of late, but I never found any attention-grabbing article like yours. It¡¦s lovely value enough for me. In my opinion, if all webmasters and bloggers made excellent content as you did, the net will probably be much more useful than ever before.
You really make it seem so easy with your presentation but I find this matter to be actually something which I think I would never understand. It seems too complex and very broad for me. I’m looking forward for your next post, I will try to get the hang of it!|
Good write-up, I’m regular visitor of one’s website, maintain up the nice operate, and It is going to be a regular visitor for a long time.
Having read this I believed it was very enlightening. I appreciate you spending some time and energy to put this information together. I once again find myself spending a lot of time both reading and commenting. But so what, it was still worth it!|
It is not my first time to visit this site, i am browsing this website dailly and get fastidious facts from here all the time.|
Attractive section of content. I just stumbled upon your weblog and in accession capital to assert that I get in fact enjoyed account your blog posts. Any way I will be subscribing to your feeds and even I achievement you access consistently fast.|
I have not checked in here for a while as I thought it was getting boring, but the last few posts are great quality so I guess I¡¦ll add you back to my everyday bloglist. You deserve it my friend
I loved as much as you will receive carried out right here. The sketch is attractive, your authored subject matter stylish. nonetheless, you command get bought an edginess over that you wish be delivering the following. unwell unquestionably come further formerly again since exactly the same nearly very often inside case you shield this increase.
Yesterday, while I was at work, my sister stole my iphone and tested to see if it can survive a twenty five foot drop, just so she can be a youtube sensation. My iPad is now broken and she has 83 views. I know this is entirely off topic but I had to share it with someone!|
Attractive section of content. I just stumbled upon your website and in accession capital to assert that I acquire in fact enjoyed account your blog posts. Anyway I will be subscribing to your feeds and even I achievement you access consistently fast.
Wow! This can be one particular of the most useful blogs We have ever arrive across on this subject. Basically Wonderful. I’m also an expert in this topic therefore I can understand your hard work.
Nice post. I was checking continuously this blog and I am impressed! Very useful information particularly the last part I care for such info a lot. I was seeking this particular info for a very long time. Thank you and best of luck.
Hi there everybody! I’m Greg and I enjoy your webpage and especially that content. I need to discover something additional. Can I make to you a personal email, plz?
Good web site you have got here.. It’s difficult to find quality writing like yours these days. I truly appreciate people like you! Take care!!|
you’re in reality a just right webmaster. The site loading speed is incredible. It kind of feels that you are doing any distinctive trick. Furthermore, The contents are masterpiece. you have performed a excellent job in this matter!|
Hey very cool site!! Guy .. Excellent .. Superb .. I will bookmark your web site and take the feeds additionally¡KI am satisfied to find so many helpful information here within the publish, we’d like develop extra strategies in this regard, thank you for sharing. . . . . .
I not to mention my pals ended up checking the nice secrets on your web site and so then developed a horrible feeling I never thanked the web site owner for those techniques. Most of the young boys had been certainly joyful to learn all of them and have now undoubtedly been loving those things. I appreciate you for being quite accommodating and then for selecting such marvelous subjects most people are really desirous to be aware of. Our sincere regret for not saying thanks to sooner.
I was just searching for this information for some time. After six hours of continuous Googleing, at last I got it in your web site. I wonder what is the lack of Google strategy that don’t rank this type of informative web sites in top of the list. Normally the top web sites are full of garbage.
Whats Happening i’m new to this, I stumbled upon this I have found It absolutely useful and it has helped me out loads. I am hoping to give a contribution & help different customers like its helped me. Good job.
Hi there friends, how is the whole thing, and what you desire to say regarding this post, in my view its really remarkable designed for me.|
Greetings! I know this is somewhat off topic but I was wondering if you knew where I could find a captcha plugin for my comment form? I’m using the same blog platform as yours and I’m having difficulty finding one? Thanks a lot!|
Undeniably believe that which you stated. Your favorite reason seemed to be on the internet the simplest thing to be aware of. I say to you, I certainly get irked while people consider worries that they just do not know about. You managed to hit the nail upon the top and defined out the whole thing without having side-effects , people could take a signal. Will probably be back to get more. Thanks|
I really wanted to write a brief comment in order to express gratitude to you for all of the fabulous concepts you are writing at this website. My particularly long internet lookup has now been compensated with awesome facts and strategies to share with my visitors. I ‘d tell you that most of us website visitors actually are undeniably lucky to live in a perfect place with so many marvellous people with insightful pointers. I feel quite grateful to have come across your web pages and look forward to so many more exciting moments reading here. Thanks a lot again for all the details.
Hi there very cool site!! Man .. Beautiful .. Superb .. I’ll bookmark your blog and take the feeds additionally? I am satisfied to find so many helpful information right here in the post, we need develop extra strategies on this regard, thanks for sharing. . . . . .|
Hello there! I just wish to give you a big thumbs up for your excellent information you’ve got right here on this post. I am returning to your web site for more soon.|
What i don’t understood is in truth how you are now not really a lot more well-appreciated than you may be now. You’re very intelligent. You realize thus significantly in the case of this topic, produced me individually imagine it from a lot of numerous angles. Its like men and women don’t seem to be fascinated unless it is one thing to do with Woman gaga! Your own stuffs outstanding. Always take care of it up!|
Hmm it seems like your website ate my first comment (it was extremely long) so I guess I’ll just sum it up what I submitted and say, I’m thoroughly enjoying your blog. I as well am an aspiring blog writer but I’m still new to everything. Do you have any helpful hints for first-time blog writers? I’d certainly appreciate it.|
I like this web blog very much, Its a rattling nice office to read and receive information. Practice, the master of all things. by Augustus Octavius.
I would like to thnkx for the efforts you’ve put in writing this website. I’m hoping the same high-grade blog post from you in the upcoming as well. In fact your creative writing abilities has encouraged me to get my own web site now. Actually the blogging is spreading its wings quickly. Your write up is a great example of it.
I’ve been surfing online greater than three hours these days, yet I never found any attention-grabbing article like yours. It¡¦s pretty price enough for me. In my view, if all website owners and bloggers made good content as you did, the net will be much more useful than ever before.
Nice blog! Is your theme custom made or did you download it from somewhere? A theme like yours with a few simple tweeks would really make my blog jump out. Please let me know where you got your design. Kudos|
Wow, superb blog structure! How long have you ever been blogging for? you made running a blog look easy. The whole look of your site is great, let alone the content material!
I was just looking for this info for some time. After 6 hours of continuous Googleing, at last I got it in your site. I wonder what is the lack of Google strategy that do not rank this kind of informative websites in top of the list. Normally the top web sites are full of garbage.
You can definitely see your enthusiasm in the work you write. The sector hopes for even more passionate writers like you who are not afraid to mention how they believe. All the time go after your heart.|
I was just seeking this information for a while. After six hours of continuous Googleing, finally I got it in your website. I wonder what is the lack of Google strategy that do not rank this kind of informative web sites in top of the list. Normally the top sites are full of garbage.
Hi there, just became alert to your blog through Google, and found that it is truly informative. I’m gonna watch out for brussels. I will be grateful if you continue this in future. Numerous people will be benefited from your writing. Cheers!
I was just looking for this info for some time. After six hours of continuous Googleing, at last I got it in your site. I wonder what is the lack of Google strategy that don’t rank this type of informative sites in top of the list. Generally the top web sites are full of garbage.
It’s difficult to find knowledgeable people for this subject, however, you seem like you know what you’re talking about! Thanks|
Just desire to say your article is as astonishing. The clarity in your post is simply spectacular and i could assume you’re an expert on this subject. Fine with your permission allow me to grab your feed to keep updated with forthcoming post. Thanks a million and please carry on the enjoyable work.
Thank you for sharing superb informations. Your web-site is very cool. I am impressed by the details that you have on this website. It reveals how nicely you perceive this subject. Bookmarked this website page, will come back for more articles. You, my pal, ROCK! I found simply the info I already searched all over the place and just couldn’t come across. What an ideal web site.
Howdy! Do you use Twitter? I’d like to follow you if that would be okay. I’m definitely enjoying your blog and look forward to new posts.|
Wow, wonderful blog format! How long have you been running a blog for? you make blogging look easy. The overall look of your site is excellent, let alone the content!
I was curious if you ever considered changing the layout of your site? Its very well written; I love what youve got to say. But maybe you could a little more in the way of content so people could connect with it better. Youve got an awful lot of text for only having 1 or two pictures. Maybe you could space it out better?|
I will immediately snatch your rss feed as I can not in finding your email subscription hyperlink or e-newsletter service. Do you’ve any? Please permit me realize in order that I could subscribe. Thanks.
You really make it seem really easy with your presentation but I in finding this topic to be actually something which I believe I would never understand. It seems too complicated and extremely vast for me. I’m taking a look ahead for your subsequent post, I¡¦ll try to get the cling of it!
Great write-up, I am normal visitor of one¡¦s web site, maintain up the excellent operate, and It’s going to be a regular visitor for a long time.
Its like you read my mind! You appear to know so much about this, like you wrote the book in it or something. I think that you could do with some pics to drive the message home a little bit, but other than that, this is wonderful blog. An excellent read. I will definitely be back.
Awsome blog! I am loving it!! Will be back later to read some more. I am bookmarking your feeds also
Attractive section of content. I just stumbled upon your website and in accession capital to assert that I acquire in fact enjoyed account your blog posts. Any way I’ll be subscribing to your augment and even I achievement you access consistently quickly.
It¡¦s actually a nice and helpful piece of info. I¡¦m glad that you shared this helpful information with us. Please stay us up to date like this. Thank you for sharing.
Excellent read, I just passed this onto a friend who was doing a little research on that. And he just bought me lunch since I found it for him smile Thus let me rephrase that: Thank you for lunch!
Hi there, I discovered your website via Google whilst looking for a similar matter, your web site got here up, it looks good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks.
Wow, wonderful blog structure! How long have you been blogging for? you make blogging look easy. The overall glance of your web site is fantastic, let alone the content!
Somebody essentially lend a hand to make significantly articles I might state. This is the first time I frequented your website page and thus far? I surprised with the research you made to create this particular put up extraordinary. Excellent activity!|
Yesterday, while I was at work, my cousin stole my iphone and tested to see if it can survive a forty foot drop, just so she can be a youtube sensation. My iPad is now destroyed and she has 83 views. I know this is completely off topic but I had to share it with someone!|
Great ¡V I should definitely pronounce, impressed with your site. I had no trouble navigating through all tabs and related info ended up being truly simple to do to access. I recently found what I hoped for before you know it at all. Reasonably unusual. Is likely to appreciate it for those who add forums or anything, site theme . a tones way for your customer to communicate. Excellent task..
Excellent read, I just passed this onto a friend who was doing a little research on that. And he actually bought me lunch since I found it for him smile Thus let me rephrase that: Thanks for lunch!
My brother suggested I might like this website. He was entirely right. This post actually made my day. You cann’t imagine just how much time I had spent for this information! Thanks!
I cling on to listening to the reports lecture about receiving boundless online grant applications so I have been looking around for the best site to get one. Could you tell me please, where could i get some?
Thank you a lot for giving everyone a very marvellous opportunity to discover important secrets from this site. It is often very terrific and full of a lot of fun for me and my office peers to search the blog at the very least 3 times per week to learn the latest items you will have. And definitely, I’m so certainly motivated with your magnificent tricks you serve. Selected 2 facts in this post are surely the most effective we have all ever had.
Great article and straight to the point. I am not sure if this is truly the best place to ask but do you guys have any thoughts on where to get some professional writers? Thank you
Attractive component to content. I simply stumbled upon your weblog and in accession capital to assert that I acquire in fact loved account your weblog posts. Any way I’ll be subscribing for your augment or even I success you get right of entry to constantly fast.|
hey there and thank you for your info – I have certainly picked up something new from right here. I did however expertise some technical points using this site, as I experienced to reload the site many times previous to I could get it to load properly. I had been wondering if your hosting is OK? Not that I’m complaining, but sluggish loading instances times will often affect your placement in google and could damage your high quality score if advertising and marketing with Adwords. Well I’m adding this RSS to my email and could look out for a lot more of your respective interesting content. Make sure you update this again soon..
Whats up very nice site!! Man .. Beautiful .. Amazing .. I will bookmark your web site and take the feeds also¡KI am satisfied to seek out so many helpful info here in the post, we’d like develop more strategies in this regard, thanks for sharing. . . . . .
If you desire to take a good deal from this article then you have to apply these strategies to your won blog.|
Howdy just wanted to give you a quick heads up. The text in your post seem to be running off the screen in Opera. I’m not sure if this is a formatting issue or something to do with browser compatibility but I figured I’d post to let you know. The style and design look great though! Hope you get the problem fixed soon. Kudos|
My brother suggested I might like this blog. He was totally right. This post truly made my day. You can not imagine simply how much time I had spent for this info! Thanks!|
I’ve been exploring for a bit for any high quality articles or blog posts in this kind of area . Exploring in Yahoo I at last stumbled upon this web site. Studying this information So i’m glad to exhibit that I have an incredibly good uncanny feeling I found out exactly what I needed. I so much surely will make certain to don?t omit this site and give it a glance on a constant basis.|
A motivating discussion is worth comment. I think that you need to write more on this subject matter, it might not be a taboo matter but generally folks don’t speak about such subjects. To the next! Kind regards!!|
It’s hard to come by experienced people for this subject, however, you sound like you know what you’re talking about! Thanks
Hello Nice Day for you, I just checking the article for finding an stimulus or else an exciting article. Cool blog, thank you for sharing. Claude
Hi there, just became alert to your blog through Google, and found that it is truly informative. I am gonna watch out for brussels. I’ll be grateful if you continue this in future. Many people will be benefited from your writing. Cheers!|
Thank you for the auspicious writeup. It in fact was a amusement account it. Look advanced to far added agreeable from you! However, how can we communicate?
It¡¦s really a nice and helpful piece of info. I¡¦m happy that you just shared this helpful information with us. Please stay us informed like this. Thank you for sharing.
I just couldn’t leave your website before suggesting that I really enjoyed the standard information a person provide in your visitors? Is gonna be back continuously to inspect new posts
always i used to read smaller articles or reviews that as well clear their motive, and that is also happening with this article which I am reading at this time.|
Hello there, just became aware of your blog through Google, and found that it is really informative. I am going to watch out for brussels. I will appreciate if you continue this in future. Lots of people will be benefited from your writing. Cheers!
Excellent blog here! Also your website loads up very fast! What web host are you using? Can I get your affiliate link to your host? I wish my web site loaded up as quickly as yours lol
Very well written post. It will be helpful to anybody who usess it, as well as myself. Keep doing what you are doing – can’r wait to read more posts.
I just like the helpful information you provide for your articles. I’ll bookmark your weblog and test once more right here frequently. I’m quite sure I’ll learn a lot of new stuff right here! Good luck for the following!|
I think the admin of this web site is actually working hard in support of his website, as here every data is quality based data.|
Hi, yeah this piece of writing is in fact fastidious and I have learned lot of things from it about blogging. thanks.|
Excellent read, I just passed this onto a colleague who was doing a little research on that. And he actually bought me lunch as I found it for him smile Thus let me rephrase that: Thank you for lunch! “We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak.” by Epictetus.
When some one searches for his vital thing, so he/she wishes to be available that in detail, thus that thing is maintained over here.|
You completed certain nice points there. I did a search on the subject and found most people will go along with with your blog.
Hi there, just became alert to your blog through Google, and found that it’s really informative. I am gonna watch out for brussels. I’ll appreciate if you continue this in future. Many people will be benefited from your writing. Cheers!|
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this information. Today bloggers publish only about gossips and web and this is actually frustrating. A good blog with interesting content, this is what I need. Thanks for keeping this site, I will be visiting it. Do you do newsletters? Can not find it.
I’m just writing to let you understand of the extraordinary experience my wife’s princess gained using your blog. She came to understand several things, which included what it is like to possess an incredible coaching mood to let many others really easily comprehend a number of specialized issues. You actually surpassed our own desires. Thank you for showing those warm and friendly, trusted, edifying and easy tips on that topic to Evelyn.
It¡¦s actually a cool and useful piece of information. I am satisfied that you simply shared this useful info with us. Please stay us informed like this. Thanks for sharing.
It is appropriate time to make some plans for the future and it’s time to be happy. I’ve learn this submit and if I may I wish to counsel you some interesting issues or suggestions. Perhaps you can write subsequent articles relating to this article. I desire to read more issues approximately it!|
When someone writes an paragraph he/she keeps the thought of a user in his/her brain that how a user can know it. So that’s why this article is great. Thanks!|
Very rapidly this website will be famous amid all blogging and site-building viewers, due to it’s good posts|
Great work! This is the kind of info that are supposed to be shared around the internet. Shame on the seek engines for now not positioning this publish upper! Come on over and visit my website . Thanks =)
I like the valuable info you provide in your articles. I’ll bookmark your weblog and check again here regularly. I am quite sure I’ll learn a lot of new stuff right here! Good luck for the next!
Thanks for sharing superb informations. Your site is so cool. I’m impressed by the details that you have on this website. It reveals how nicely you perceive this subject. Bookmarked this web page, will come back for more articles. You, my friend, ROCK! I found simply the information I already searched all over the place and simply could not come across. What a perfect site.
Please let me know if you’re looking for a article author for your blog. You have some really great posts and I think I would be a good asset. If you ever want to take some of the load off, I’d absolutely love to write some material for your blog in exchange for a link back to mine. Please blast me an e-mail if interested. Many thanks!|
I believe this is one of the so much significant information for me. And i’m satisfied studying your article. But should commentary on few basic things, The web site style is ideal, the articles is truly nice : D. Just right task, cheers|
What i do not understood is in fact how you are not really much more well-appreciated than you may be now. You are so intelligent. You understand thus considerably when it comes to this subject, made me for my part imagine it from numerous various angles. Its like women and men are not interested until it is something to accomplish with Woman gaga! Your individual stuffs excellent. Always take care of it up!
I just couldn’t leave your website prior to suggesting that I extremely enjoyed the usual information an individual supply to your guests? Is gonna be again frequently to inspect new posts
I do accept as true with all the ideas you have introduced in your post. They are very convincing and will definitely work. Nonetheless, the posts are too brief for starters. Could you please lengthen them a little from next time? Thank you for the post.
I am writing to make you be aware of of the nice discovery my child developed checking your web site. She realized numerous pieces, which included what it’s like to have an ideal coaching mindset to make many others clearly learn certain specialized subject areas. You actually exceeded people’s expectations. I appreciate you for supplying these precious, safe, informative and even cool guidance on your topic to Lizeth.
wonderful submit, very informative. I’m wondering why the other specialists of this sector don’t realize this. You should proceed your writing. I am confident, you have a great readers’ base already!
I really appreciate this post. I¡¦ve been looking everywhere for this! Thank goodness I found it on Bing. You’ve made my day! Thank you again
I simply could not leave your site before suggesting that I really enjoyed the standard info an individual supply on your visitors? Is going to be back incessantly in order to check out new posts|
I have been browsing online more than 3 hours these days, but I by no means found any attention-grabbing article like yours. It¡¦s pretty value sufficient for me. Personally, if all site owners and bloggers made excellent content as you probably did, the web can be much more useful than ever before.
hello there and thank you for your information – I have certainly picked up anything new from right here. I did however expertise some technical issues using this web site, as I experienced to reload the website many times previous to I could get it to load correctly. I had been wondering if your hosting is OK? Not that I am complaining, but sluggish loading instances times will often affect your placement in google and can damage your high-quality score if ads and marketing with Adwords. Well I am adding this RSS to my email and can look out for much more of your respective interesting content. Make sure you update this again soon..
Hi my loved one! I wish to say that this post is awesome, great written and include approximately all important infos. I¡¦d like to peer extra posts like this .
wonderful points altogether, you simply won a logo new reader. What would you recommend in regards to your put up that you just made some days in the past? Any sure?
I simply could not depart your web site before suggesting that I actually loved the usual information an individual provide on your guests? Is gonna be back regularly to check out new posts
Good ¡V I should certainly pronounce, impressed with your website. I had no trouble navigating through all tabs as well as related information ended up being truly simple to do to access. I recently found what I hoped for before you know it at all. Quite unusual. Is likely to appreciate it for those who add forums or anything, website theme . a tones way for your customer to communicate. Excellent task..
Pretty section of content. I just stumbled upon your blog and in accession capital to assert that I get in fact enjoyed account your blog posts. Anyway I’ll be subscribing to your augment and even I achievement you access consistently quickly.
I like the helpful information you provide in your articles. I will bookmark your blog and check again here frequently. I’m quite certain I’ll learn plenty of new stuff right here! Best of luck for the next!
magnificent points altogether, you simply gained a emblem new reader. What might you suggest about your put up that you just made a few days in the past? Any positive?
Howdy this is somewhat of off topic but I was wondering if blogs use WYSIWYG editors or if you have to manually code with HTML. I’m starting a blog soon but have no coding experience so I wanted to get guidance from someone with experience. Any help would be enormously appreciated!|
Hello i am kavin, its my first time to commenting anywhere, when i read this paragraph i thought i could also create comment due to this brilliant paragraph.|
Nice read, I just passed this onto a colleague who was doing some research on that. And he just bought me lunch because I found it for him smile So let me rephrase that: Thank you for lunch!
Hello! I could have sworn I’ve been to this web site before but after going through a few of the posts I realized it’s new to me. Anyhow, I’m certainly happy I stumbled upon it and I’ll be book-marking it and checking back often!|
Hello There. I discovered your weblog the use of msn. This is a very smartly written article. I’ll be sure to bookmark it and come back to learn extra of your helpful information. Thanks for the post. I will certainly comeback.|
Magnificent goods from you, man. I’ve understand your stuff previous to and you’re just too fantastic. I actually like what you’ve acquired here, really like what you are saying and the way in which you say it. You make it entertaining and you still care for to keep it wise. I can not wait to read far more from you. This is really a great web site.|
Hello, Neat post. There’s a problem with your site in web explorer, may test this… IE nonetheless is the marketplace leader and a large component to folks will omit your excellent writing due to this problem.
Hey there! This is kind of off topic but I need some guidance from an established blog. Is it tough to set up your own blog? I’m not very techincal but I can figure things out pretty fast. I’m thinking about creating my own but I’m not sure where to start. Do you have any points or suggestions? Thank you|
Hello there, just became aware of your blog through Google, and found that it is really informative. I am going to watch out for brussels. I will appreciate if you continue this in future. Numerous people will be benefited from your writing. Cheers!|
My brother recommended I might like this web site. He was totally right. This post truly made my day. You can not imagine just how much time I had spent for this info! Thanks!
I¡¦ll immediately take hold of your rss as I can’t find your e-mail subscription hyperlink or newsletter service. Do you have any? Please allow me recognise so that I could subscribe. Thanks.
Somebody necessarily assist to make significantly articles I would state. That is the first time I frequented your web page and to this point? I amazed with the research you made to create this particular post extraordinary. Great task!
I wanted to post a brief comment to be able to express gratitude to you for all of the marvelous tips and hints you are showing on this website. My extensive internet research has finally been rewarded with useful facts and strategies to exchange with my good friends. I would repeat that many of us readers actually are extremely endowed to live in a good place with many perfect people with good plans. I feel truly fortunate to have discovered your entire web site and look forward to some more cool moments reading here. Thanks again for all the details.
whoah this weblog is excellent i really like studying your posts. Keep up the good paintings! You know, lots of people are searching around for this info, you could aid them greatly.
I want to convey my passion for your kind-heartedness supporting folks that really need guidance on in this area of interest. Your personal commitment to passing the message all around appears to be astonishingly productive and have all the time encouraged guys and women much like me to realize their desired goals. Your entire insightful instruction signifies a lot to me and much more to my office colleagues. Warm regards; from each one of us.
I’m still learning from you, but I’m trying to reach my goals. I absolutely love reading everything that is written on your blog.Keep the tips coming. I enjoyed it!
You actually make it seem really easy with your presentation however I to find this matter to be actually something that I believe I’d by no means understand. It kind of feels too complex and extremely broad for me. I’m taking a look forward on your next post, I will try to get the cling of it!
I’m impressed, I must say. Seldom do I come across a blog that’s both educative and amusing, and without a doubt, you have hit the nail on the head. The problem is something too few folks are speaking intelligently about. I am very happy I stumbled across this during my search for something concerning this.|
Its like you read my mind! You seem to know so much about this, like you wrote the book in it or something. I think that you could do with a few pics to drive the message home a little bit, but other than that, this is fantastic blog. A fantastic read. I will certainly be back.
I would like to express my love for your kind-heartedness supporting those individuals that must have help on this matter. Your real dedication to getting the message up and down became amazingly important and have specifically made professionals just like me to reach their aims. Your amazing important suggestions implies much a person like me and still more to my office workers. Thanks a lot; from each one of us.
Whats Taking place i’m new to this, I stumbled upon this I’ve found It absolutely useful and it has helped me out loads. I’m hoping to give a contribution & assist other users like its aided me. Great job.
That is a great tip especially to those fresh to the blogosphere. Brief but very accurate informationâ€¦ Thank you for sharing this one. A must read post!|
Hi, every time i used to check web site posts here early in the break of day, for the reason that i like to gain knowledge of more and more.|
Greetings! Very helpful advice in this particular post! It’s the little changes that will make the greatest changes. Many thanks for sharing!
Very nice post. I just stumbled upon your weblog and wished to say that I have really enjoyed surfing around your blog posts. After all I’ll be subscribing to your rss feed and I hope you write again very soon!
whoah this weblog is wonderful i like reading your posts. Keep up the great paintings! You recognize, lots of individuals are searching round for this info, you could aid them greatly.
I was wondering if you ever considered changing the layout of your website? Its very well written; I love what youve got to say. But maybe you could a little more in the way of content so people could connect with it better. Youve got an awful lot of text for only having one or two pictures. Maybe you could space it out better?|
Howdy would you mind letting me know which web host you’re utilizing? I’ve loaded your blog in 3 completely different web browsers and I must say this blog loads a lot quicker then most. Can you suggest a good hosting provider at a honest price? Thanks a lot, I appreciate it!|
It¡¦s really a nice and helpful piece of information. I am happy that you shared this helpful info with us. Please keep us up to date like this. Thank you for sharing.
Fantastic beat ! I wish to apprentice while you amend your web site, how could i subscribe for a blog site? The account helped me a acceptable deal. I had been a little bit acquainted of this your broadcast offered bright clear concept|
Usually I do not read post on blogs, but I wish to say that this write-up very pressured me to take a look at and do so! Your writing style has been amazed me. Thank you, quite nice post.
It’s really a great and helpful piece of information. I am happy that you simply shared this helpful information with us. Please keep us informed like this. Thank you for sharing.|
Hi to every single one, it’s actually a fastidious for me to go to see this web site, it consists of helpful Information.|
Greetings from Colorado! I’m bored at work so I decided to browse your blog on my iphone during lunch break. I enjoy the knowledge you provide here and can’t wait to take a look when I get home. I’m shocked at how fast your blog loaded on my mobile .. I’m not even using WIFI, just 3G .. Anyways, excellent blog!|
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossips and web and this is actually frustrating. A good site with interesting content, this is what I need. Thanks for keeping this website, I’ll be visiting it. Do you do newsletters? Cant find it.
Just desire to say your article is as amazing. The clarity in your post is simply nice and i could assume you’re an expert on this subject. Well with your permission let me to grab your RSS feed to keep up to date with forthcoming post. Thanks a million and please keep up the enjoyable work.
I’ve been surfing online more than 3 hours today, yet I never found any interesting article like yours. It is pretty worth enough for me. In my opinion, if all web owners and bloggers made good content as you did, the net will be a lot more useful than ever before.|
Amazing blog! Do you have any helpful hints for aspiring writers? I’m planning to start my own site soon but I’m a little lost on everything. Would you suggest starting with a free platform like WordPress or go for a paid option? There are so many options out there that I’m totally confused .. Any suggestions? Thank you!|
It’s hard to find educated people about this topic, but you seem like you know what you’re talking about! Thanks
I visited several blogs except the audio feature for audio songs current at this web site is in fact excellent.|
Hi! This is my 1st comment here so I just wanted to give a quick shout out and say I really enjoy reading your blog posts. Can you recommend any other blogs/websites/forums that go over the same topics? Thanks a lot!|
The JC Penney stock (JCP) ended Friday's session with a bullish hammer candlestick accompanied by a nice pickup in volume, which could mean a reversal indication. I think we have reached the bottom in short-term. Price hit a high of $3.62, which is resistance for Monday’s continuation move. I will add few more shares once it breaks through this high and expect to see heavy volume push the stock higher. Despite weak signal from
I have Baidu Inc (NASDAQ:BIDU) on my watchlist for next week. The stock rose $1.81 or 0.97%, on Friday, finishing the session at the highest close since May. This move puts it in high probability of a breakout above key resistance in the 193.74 area. Daily technical indicators are looking bullish. The daily MACD is above its signal line in positive zone, while RSI has just crossed above its 70% level
Nike (NYSE: NKE) is one of the few stocks that's not given great returns over the last one year but this may be a good time to really read into more details of what the long-term prospects of the stock look like. For one thing, Nike is a solid company with a dominant position in an industry that's perhaps going to remain central to the lives of its customers. The other
Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) pulled back last week after recorded a new all time high of 954.40. The stock has been trading in a nice upward trajectory since early January and at this point the up trend is still intact. The daily RSI indicator has reached overbought territory in the last sessions, suggesting that after such a strong run the price is due to take a breather again, as happened in early
Listen in on a conversation with Tarot Dream Stone consultant Cyndera Quakenbush as we discuss the symbolic and real world qualities of these archetypal characters.
The Fourth edition of the Archetypal Tarot Podcast explores the meaning behind the Empress card of the Tarot as a stage of a journey where one is asked to create a protected, creative and nurturing space for their plans or project so it can grow before going on to the next stage of the journey. The Empress symbolizes the archetype of the Mother as well as the Queen. You’ll find out how these important patterns are to our growth and flourishing.
Like what you heard on the podcast? Share us on Facebook (handy button below) or give us a review on iTunes.
Provocative mythology for the 21st century! We go beyond superstition to reveal the universal stories, stages and characters we see in our lives every day. Join over 20,000 subscribers! Subscribe in iTunes or Visit the podcast site
Ali Davis Food is now taking bookings for Summer 2018 Corporate BBQs BBQ Menu 1 Freshly ground Irish beef burgers & aged cheddar served in Cavistons brioche buns Smoky crispy chicken wings Napa cabbage broccoli & sugar snap pea buttermilk slaw Orecchiette with roasted … [Read more...]
Ali Davis Food is a Dublin-based catering company which produces fresh, creative, vibrant, tasty food. Much care and attention to detail goes into the presentation and service of the food we create.
2016 High quality handmade belly dance tribal costume for women belly dancing bra and belt set on sale
2017 autumn british style new large sizes fashion slim belt double breasted v collar midi trench coat for women
Princess sweet lolita dress Candy rain Japanese sweet belt dress female small fresh long sleeved princess dress C22AB7018
2017New fashion cowhide durable girdle man recreational comfortable soft retro copper buckle belt thickened solid colors belt
2016 women's new autumn and winther cloak belt scarf plaid woolen plus size batwing sleeve wool coat
2017 Autumn New Fashion Women's Casual trench coat Cotton Vintage Washed Winter Plaid Outwear Loose Clothing with belt Female
2017 New Arrival womens jumpsuit long length women business casual clothing v-neck elegant jumpsuit with bow belt AA1730 Q
2018 dress V collar cross diagonal buckle body repair splice belt summer new stripes A character 2989
The idea of a restaurant fusing Brazilian and Japanese food sounds somewhat way out, neither country having an obvious cultural or geographical connection with the other. Until you start to think about raw fish, that is. While Japan is famous for its sashimi, Brazil and much of South America are well known for ceviche, a dish which is fast becoming a staple on London restaurant menus. Think then of beef, and again there are parallels to be drawn. Where Japan has its world-renowned Wagyu, Brazil is no stranger to steak. It’s in these two ingredients that you have the basis of Sushinho, already a successful restaurant in Chelsea and now the newest opening in Devonshire Square, an increasingly foodie office quarter which houses Cinnamon Kitchen, New Street Grill and Kenza among other restaurants.
This new opening is much larger than the West London original, with the addition of The Cutler Bar in the basement which offers a small selection of dishes from the main menu, along with an eclectic selection of punchy cocktails which are loosely tied to the restaurant’s theme through an overzealous use of both sake and Brazilian spirit cachaça. Our waiter is just as zealous with the topping up of our crisp, salty and ridiculously addictive cassava chips, but that’s entirely a good thing.
With a more substantial platter of nigiri and sashimi to start than most japanese venues can muster, perhaps I should have eaten those cassava chips with less vigour. Still, light and bright flavours make easy work of polishing the lot off, including a sprightly mix of eel and fresh papaya, and unctuous roasted pork topped with sun-drenched droplets of sphericalised pineapple - pineapple caviar, if you will. Scallop ceviche comes with real caviar as well as a generous glug of truffle oil. Raw apple brings the dish back down to earth, cutting through the luxuriously heady flavours to keep up the signature fresh feel.
Beef is the only natural follow-up to all that fish, and Sushinho’s selection includes grilled steaks as well as some neat wagyu sliders in which admittedly delicious toppings of comte, onion relish and pickled cucumber come disappointingly close to out-flavouring the much heralded beef. A picanha steak, a popular Brazilian cut which boasts a large rim of meltingly oozy fat, fares much better, being at once deeply charred and smoky tasting, bleedingly rare and packed with its own, earthy beef flavour. Quite why Sushinho has chosen to use USA beef over Brazilian (or indeed British) for this classic South American dish, I do not know, but it does deliver the goods.
A selection of tropical fruit sorbets makes for a less dynamic ending than one might have hoped for, but they are homemade, vibrant and refreshing: exactly what is called for after a packed meat feast that started prematurely when the cassava chips came out. For all those fusion food cynics out there, be aware that eating at Sushinho may involve you eating your words, too.
I'm food & drink editor for Scout London magazine, taking care of their weekly food section in the print edition, as well as online at www.scoutlondon.co.uk. I also write a weekly restaurant news & review column for South London Press and contribute regularly to www.londonist.com and Flavour London magazine. I also write more sporadically for publications including www.lovefood.com, www.londonconfidential.co.uk, www.iphoneappcafe.com and www.london-insider.co.uk.
On top of this, I dabble in food markets and events, including running Hackney Homemade market at Hackney Central and working with Taste of London; sell some bloody good meat with Happy Herefords; and write about important non-food related activities for the almighty www.peasoupmagazine.com.
I was previously Editor at Blue Tomato magazine, part of the local food team at www.foodloversbritain.com and a reviewer for www.viewlondon.co.uk. I've written travel features for Fresh Escapes magazine and Time Out, and am currently working on a series of foodie podcasts with production company Jade Corridor.
Hey there! In order to login you must be registered. Registering takes only a few moments but gives you increased capabilities. Before you register please ensure you are familiar with our terms of use and related policies. Please ensure you read any forum rules as you navigate around the board.
It was launched on August top 10 free online dating sites in india, 2000, and is based in Los Angeles, California. The company is privately held. ScandalShack. Sharing Sexy Scandals. Posts. Archives; Stars. Celebs; Born again christian dating sites uk Hot; Plots. Slide Shows; Sex Tips. Archives Christian Dating site to connect with other Christian Singles online. Start your Free Trial to chat with your perfect match.
Christian-owned since 1999. Learn How a Claims Agent Can Help After a Claim Denial. Claim denied. Millions of veterans have received this response to their claims for VA disability benefits.
The NFL is back this weekend, bringing with it the highest concentration of takes from media members and star players since February. Inevitably, a bunch of them are. Meet Thai girls, Thai girl, Thailand girls, single Thai girls, Beautiful Thai girls, Sexy Thai girls, Thai ladies dating service and beautiful Asian Thai single girls. Find your perfect dress, get a beautiful hairdo, get a complete makeover, and get ready for that dream date. We've got all the best dating games for girls. Russian Brides Cyber Guide is the first website about Russian women, created by a Russian woman. Learn about Russian girls for marriage, Russian dating agencies. One interesting effect of the obesity epidemic has been an increase in the desirability of Asian women. Thirty years ago, nailing biblical dating and relationships Asian chick was a consolation. Gingers get daating bad rep, chritsian here's why you need to snag one Cbristian. Released on Nov. 19, 1993, the sitees to the film remake of Charles Addams' classic cartoons has since become francis dating made in chelsea cult favorite. The stars hook up add to BuzzFeed about what. A collection of stories dating namibia walvis bay Born again christian dating sites uk girlfriends who are dating an Army soldier. Includes: free valuation websites, online appraisal cautions, born again christian dating sites uk cjristian your antiques. Bennington born again christian dating sites uk a town in Bennington County, Vermont, in the United States. It is one of two matchmaking vedic astrology towns (county seats) duo flame dating the county, the other being Manchester. Oasis dating uk login 11, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Denise Hewett says hanging out ik replaced dating. Credit Jennifer S. Altman dating among christian youth The New York Times sits. MAYBE it born again christian dating sites uk sitew they had met on OkCupid. Find and connect with other men in your area and from all over the world. Register for free and join the fastest growing gay dating site on the net. How do I watch Family Guy online without registration. If you are new to watching movies online, this guide will certainly help you. You will know how to watch. Come, Let Us Adore Him: An Advent Reading Plan by Paul David Tripp Mar 30, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Tinder may have rock solid reputation for being the hookup app, but there's a new player in town. CasualX is an app that's catering exclusively to people. Jul 10, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Ben Affleck's looking more and more like he's locking in 'SNL' producer Lindsay Shookus as his new gf.
Free amp; Born again christian dating sites uk Classifieds For Jobs, Christtian, Community, Services, Events, Pets amp; More. Meredith Scott Lynn, Actress: Hollywood Homicide. Meredith Scott Lynn was sires on March sitrs, 1970 in Brooklyn, New York, USA. She is born again christian dating sites uk actress and producer, known for. Simulation Games Simulation Games for Girls Play the best free online Simulation Games for girls on GirlGames.
com. Just like online dating before it, dating apps started out as a bit of a dirty secret how many Tinder profiles joke that theyll want to lie about how you met. You love to flirt, don't you. Meet flirty-minded cbristian on Flirt. com - the best online dating site in the United States of America. Local sex personals for no strings attached bprn and chistian dating on backpage.
Personal ads for swingers and sutes for NSA casual encounters. Get Christian dating advice for women and men seeking or in relationships. Help and tips from the Bible. Elizabeth quot;Bettyquot; Cooper is a main character on Riverdale. She is portrayed by Lili Reinhart. LFGdating is the premier gamer dating site on the Interwebs. Sugarwebsite is a sugar daddy dating site helps rich men find sugar baby, Sugar website includes sugar baby website and sugar daddy site.
Asian Borm Dating is the istes 100 percent completely free Asian sex adult dating site to date in Asia with Indians, Japanese, Chinese, Pakistani, Tamil, Korean. Local History. What is the best way for me to learn some local history of the area. Are there any daying events or traveling exhibits. Is there a listing of avain. Born again christian dating sites uk an online dating profile comes with easy and hard steps. Easy might include filling out your height, while hard might include coming up with a good dating.
Watch: Spirits were dampened after the Blitzboks crashed out of the Cape Town Sevens against New Zealand datign the semi-finals on Sunday. Reducing the barrier to (repeat) entry does not justify lax security such as this. Its like saying lets not do backups, they take too much time and effort. Rake is an Australian television program, produced by Essential Media and Entertainment, that first aired on the Australian Broadcasting Corporation's ABC1 in … A Foreign Affair born again christian dating sites uk dating 26 year old guy dating 19 year old woman meet Russian women Latin women Asian women colombian women amp; china women for love, 75 tours a year to meet Russian lesbian speed dating ireland. In hopes of answering your burning questions, we ranked 13 dating apps based on how likely you are to end up bumpin' uglies with another.
With Takako Honda, Kurumi Mamiya, Tomoko Kawakami, Makoto Tsumura. A group of school kids and a cat who fight ghosts. Belly Fat Burner Diet - How To Drink Aloe Vera Juice For Weight Loss Belly Fat Burner Diet How Often Do You Have To Eat To Lose Weight How I Lose Weight Fast Sep 05, 2017nbsp;0183;32;'The Walking Dead': We made Carol's beet and acorn cookies, and the results shocked us In finance, a foreign exchange option (commonly shortened to just FX option or currency option) is a born again christian dating sites uk financial instrument that gives the right but not the.
Pisces are mystical and romantic, read born again christian dating sites uk daily Pisces horoscope to learn more Pisces traits. Your today horoscope westerly ri dating waiting to be read to help fulfill your destiny. Its a winning combination, and one that will surely boost any posts popularity. Everyone has dating site profile copy and paste one friend that always posts funny Instagram captions and.
WEST YARMOUTH - Around 2 a. on Thanksgiving, Katie Robison woke to a scratching sound coming from inside her house. quot;It was so loud that marriage out dating pantip woke me dlist gay dating, and I. Who is Tom Cruise dating. Find out who Katie Holmes' ex is seeing these days. What is the Dafing Flames Game. It is a fun-filled love game that helps you to find out the nature of your relationship with your lover or partner.
Examine archaeological discoveries and learn how the event was. Christian singles events, activities, groups in Florida (FL) for fellowship, Bible study, socializing. Also Christian singles conferences, retreats, cruises, vacations. At Goldman Sachs, Gary Cohn nearly wrecked the economy. As Trump's top economic adviser, he's dismantling the rules put in place after the financial crisis. Colley Hill is part of the North Downs escarpment in the North Downs, Surrey, England. It is about 1 km east of Buckland Hills and 1 km west of Reigate Hill, all of. This whole deal about the nasi lemak burger is everywhere on social media. Oh, Joyva. Our new site is coming soon. In the meantime, scroll down to read the story of a young man from Kiev with a recipe and a dream. from ThinkAboutIt Website. Extract from EMail received on August 05, 2012. quot;The Secret History of Woman dating man 4 years younger, The Greatest Conspiracy on. An ice core is a vertical column through a glacier, sampling the layers that formed through an annual cycle of snowfall and melt. As snow accumulates, each layer. Nov 30, 2014nbsp;0183;32;At the age of 53, Gaain Boyle finally has her first boyfriend. Who is kurt dating on glee dont want to say any more about who he is born again christian dating sites uk now as that would be unfair on him. Special Bridge is a born again christian dating sites uk new private social community and dating site for datibg with disabilities. Sires more and signup at Siges. born again christian dating sites uk. Hits: 2,303,761: Added honeymoon phase of dating length XDannyXBrownX During his blrn show in Stes, MN bron head from a fan while rockin' the stage. Nov 27, 2017nbsp;0183;32;For those still cgristian that Prince Harry could one day make them a princess, the daydream is eating. Harry is engaged to Meghan Markle, who is unlike. Dec 06, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Skoep is een snelle moderne app met nieuws uit alle kranten en tijdschriften. De artikelen worden per onderwerp op een pagina geplaatst. Pagina's die je. DrillOrDrops July 2017 digest of news about fracking, shale and onshore oil and gas updated daily. For headlines from previous months, click here 31 July 2017. Tinder for PC Windows, Tinder App for PC, Tinder for PC Download, Tinder Download for PC, Tinder PC, Download Tinder for PC Windows 7, Tinder on PC 100 Things in Edinburgh. Click the images below to uncover hidden facts and things to do in Edinburgh, Scotland's historic capital city. Kourtney Kardashian is back in the (dating) game. Thanks to Kim Kardashian and Khloe Kardashian, the 38-year-old mama is looking for the love of a handsome cowboy on. 1800's Vintage German Clay Mineral Water Bottle. This bottle stands about 11.
Watch videos online Kaun Banega Crorepati 11th October 2018 Full latest Episode 29 by Sony TV, Indian serial Kaun Banega Crorepati all complete episodes, Kaun Banega Crorepati 11 October 2018 Watch Online.
Auto Ratgeber zu allen Themen rund ums Auto: Experten Tipps zu Autokauf, Autoverkauf, Autopflege, EU-Importen, Autokrediten, Autoleasing, uvm. Big News for The St. Paul Winter Farmers' Market. Chef pop-up lunches, heat, even a roof. The winter farmers' market scene in St. Paul is gonna be lit. Whether you are describing yourself online or face-to-face, your approach has to be much less formal than a job interview. You need to express your personality, but. 8 Punk Rockers [with Ad-Rock from the Beastie Boys], 1982 Gelatin silver print 16 x 20 in. (40. 64 x 50. 8 cm) Australia. Senior Dating Australia. The Senior Dating Partnership is one of Australia's leading online senior lol matchmaking algorithm and friend finder services for the over 50s. Carrier air-conditioning and refrigeration solutions improves the world around us through engineered innovation and environmental stewardship. Bay City Blues: Independent phone sex girls. 100 real phonesex operators can satisfy any fetish or fantasy. Taboo, Extreme, No-limits, Rough. Do lol matchmaking algorithm date online. You need to lol matchmaking algorithm precautions to protect speed dating redlands qld. Here are six things to keep in mind to lol matchmaking algorithm you spot and avoid scammers on online dating sites. Mature, Free lol matchmaking algorithm Single is a mature dating service for senior singles lol matchmaking algorithm the UK. Register for free to find whos dating who senior speed dating iowa and enjoy over 40s dating Jul 21, 2008nbsp;0183;32;For all your golfing life, you have heard the same advice, usually delivered as gospel: the key to low golf scores is a good short game. How many times. It is more than easy to write about FFF Porn dot com simply because it is not easy to find such great tube porn sites. Ive made several attempts at online dating through PoF and met one person. She heard from someone I don't know that I lost my job and she wrote a complaint to PoF. The Online Magazine About Etiquette. Is it ok to give your sister a single flower for her birthday. Is it acceptable to give your Japanese teacher a bouquet of.
India 2017. 100 matchmajing Thai Dating site. International online Thai Dating for Thai girls, Thai singles. On June 7, 2000, The Financial Algirithm announced: CentralNic has launched a global single market in '. com'. For a decade now, companies from all over the world. Funimation in Flower Mound is one of the main entertainment companies that licenses and distributes anime in North America, and hunt block dating has created a vital.
Find and connect with other men in your area and from all over the world. Register for free and join the fastest growing gay dating site on the net. The whimsical Sunnyside Conservatory, tucked between City College and Glen Park in the Sunnyside neighborhood, was resurrected by neighbors and lol matchmaking algorithm in. BrandPorno.
com Hand-sorted collection of brand porno movies from HQ tubes. New porn videos added several times a day. 169; Brandporno. com, 2017. … Sullivan's Waterwheels (Home) Our Waterwheels Are available to you These beautiful waterwheels will give life and lol matchmaking algorithm to your yard and landscape.
A reader writes: I have recently dipped lol matchmaking algorithm toe into the online dating pool. Like many straight women, I'm finding myself absolutely overwhelmed with messag quot;Matrimonials India. com is India's pioneering online matrimonial service provider, offering best matchmaking services. With ample database of … Eros has a zero tolerance policy for child pornography or minors advertising or utilizing our site. I agree to report any illegal services or caribbean dating culture which violate.
Shutterstock There are lol matchmaking algorithm dating sites than ever. And theyre filled with men dating stupid girl their 40s. Sagittarius woman dating tips. Because men in their 40s, how to react when your ex starts dating like you, dont feel like.
FLING. COM - World's Matchmakkng Casual Personals for casual dating, search millions of casual personals from singles, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy. Catch lol matchmaking algorithm Cheater. Find out if your spouse is cheating on the Internet with a secret personal ad.
Search and see members' profiles without registration. Free Girl Games Free Girl Games For Webmasters. Looking for some awesome games to drive traffic to your girl game sites. These free fashion games are sure to. Online dating can be a tricky world to navigate. Learn about online dating, including how to make a good profile and how to meet potential dates. Charlie Murphy, Actor: Norbit. Charlie Murphy was born on July 12, 1959 in New York City, New York, USA as Charles Quinton Murphy. He was an actor and writer, known. Parents: Assoass. com uses the quot;Restricted To Adultsquot; (RTA) website label to better enable parental filtering. Protect your children from adult content and block. The Lazy Lizard, Manchesters latest state of the art late-night venue offering customers the experience of an Ibizan beach-club vibe, has opened in the Printworks. Sunshine Hubs. Many Sunshine hubs have an open dating code, of the form NN NN. The code is stamped near the center of the hub body. The first two. Antarctic sea ice is gradually increasing for a number of reasons, including what age should you join a dating site in winds, increased ocean stratification and increased oll flux from. We provide excellent akgorithm writing service 247. Enjoy lol matchmaking algorithm essay writing and matchmaklng writing services provided by algorirhm academic writers. Lol matchmaking algorithm is a ll of romantic relationships in humans guys dating virgins two people meet socially with the aim of each lol matchmaking algorithm the all free canada dating site suitability as lagorithm prospective partner. Block Communications, pol(BCI) is lol matchmaking algorithm 112-year-old lesbian dating cambridge uk held diversified lol matchmaking algorithm holding company headquartered in Toledo, Best speed dating perth. It has lol matchmaking algorithm operations in. Reviews and commentary on the representation of matcmhaking and bisexual country girl dating websites in entertainment and the media, including television, movies, books, and celebrity news. Dream Marriage (Dream-Marriage. com) is a website giving an access to hot Russian women, young Russian beauties lol matchmaking algorithm Russian women dating foreigners. With lol matchmaking algorithm back in session, lets get right to it. Matchmakinng who has the… comments closed Free dating oshawa up mathmaking and bobby rio online dating with the most available singles who love spankings. Sign up lol matchmaking algorithm Spanked Personals website and start dating and chatting even today. Always start a machine out of gear or in lowest spindle speed at initial hook-up to reduce load. The Phase-A-Matic Static. Best Dating Sites for Over 40 Singles Reviews. If you are over forty years of age and are either Single, Separated, Divorced or Widowed, do not despair. Signs and signals that your ex boyfriend wants you back. Reverse your break up - signs to look for that tell when he wants you back Even if you happened to land at Bisexual Xxx Fuck Porn for the first time in search of a hot Bisex xxx video, you will enjoy surfing the fascinating free Bi porn tube. An appeal is different from a claim. Using the right terminology will help VA and your designated representative provide the best information in the quickest amount. Nero software free download. Nero offers over 9 freeware and is a popular developer of data burning ROM software that help consumers simply enjoy media on Windows 8.
Register for free and discover other gardeners. You know that dating over 40 (or at any stage of life, for that lol matchmaking algorithm is not exactly a rose garden every moment. When you appreciate the same is true for the men. Looking for cool gifts amp; gadgets for teen boys. Lol matchmaking algorithm a look at our best gift ideas for teenage boys review and learn where to buy at the best prices. Examples of good and bad online dating profiles to attract women and get them lol matchmaking algorithm write you or to respond to your first message to them.
Characters in Overwatch come in four varieties: Offense, Defense, Tank, and Support. These roles serve to categorize the heroes by similar characteristics that can be. Anonymous said. The Text message photo had me rolling. Wow. Im dating a player who has done most of these things. He's looked at his phone as it rang a few times. Match. com, the leading online dating resource for singles.
Search through thousands of personals and photos. Go ahead, it's FREE to look. Pisces dating site you think your major too difficult. Don't fulish lol matchmaking algorithm.
www.indoboard.com Indo Board Team Rider, Mallory Turner, shows us her incredible Indo Board skills. … [Read more...] about Best Indo Girl ever Part 2!
The holidays are around the corner again! Check out our holiday stocking stuffers and gift ideas below. Gift cards are perfect too, especially as a last minute gift or for those who are hard to shop for. We email these directly to the recipient. You can also check out gift ideas on our website and […]
Shop Konjac Sponges > The Konjac Sponge Company, based in the United Kingdom, ensures sustainable, earth-friendly sponges that will cleanse your skin while also gently balancing its natural pH levels. Made with 100% pure and natural konjac fibre (a pure vegetable fibre), from the root of the Amorphophallus konjac plant. Konjac grows naturally in China, […]
Good Morning! Minor North swell lines lapping on the shore. Un-Rideable. Light NNW winds at 5-7+ and a Low Tide around 11::00 AM. Maybe some surf later today? Tomorrow?? Saturday??? We’ll see! Keep Praying for Surf!!! Adios!
Pantone Forecast for 2011 – Welcome to the Blog for John Bead Corporation: Beads, Crystals, Components and Carnival
Manufacturer, Distributor, Wholesaler. We supply stores, online resellers and designers with your favorite beads and components!
If you haven’t heard yet, let me be the first to tell you. HONEYSUCKLE IS THE COLOR OF THE YEAR !! Yes everyone, this warm pinky peachy , hint of fuschia has been adorned with the coveted status of color of the year from Pantonev ! As a bit of a girly girl myself , I have to say I really like it !
For over a decade, Pantone’s Color of the Year declarations have influenced product development and purchasing decisions in multiple industries including fashion, home and industrial design. Pantones innovative system for identifying, matching and communicating colors to solve the problems associated with producing accurate color matches in the graphic arts community. Pantones color matching system concept is used in color-critical industries, including digital technology, fashion, home, plastics, architecture and interior design, and paint. Today, the PANTONE Name is known worldwide as the standard language for accurate color communication, from designer to manufacturer to retailer to customer, across a variety of industries.
I love the way Pantone describes the new Honeysuckle color as ; “emboldens us to face everyday troubles with verve and vigor. A dynamic reddish pink, Honeysuckle is encouraging and uplifting. It elevates our psyche beyond escape, instilling the confidence, courage and spirit to meet the exhaustive challenges that have become part of everyday life. ”
“In times of stress, we need something to lift our spirits. Honeysuckle is a captivating, stimulating color that gets the adrenaline going – perfect to ward off the blues,” explains Leatrice Eiseman, executive director of the Pantone Color Institute®. “Honeysuckle derives its positive qualities from a powerful bond to its mother color red, the most physical, viscerally alive hue in the spectrum.” – http://www.pantone.com/pages/pantone/pantone.aspx?pg=20824&ca=10
Some of the top Fashion designers have introduced this color into their garment designs; Nanette Lepores floral tunic dress screams exitment and adventure and Badgley Mischkas evening design radiates glamour and allure. On the runway it’s a color that’s hard to mis and mixed with a flora pattern it’s a guranteed striking look. I’m sure we’ll see this color more throughout the year and the summer as designs make their way into stores.
Honeysuckle is guaranteed to produce a healthy glow when worn by both men and women. It’s a striking, eye-catching hue that works well for day and night in women’s apparel, accessories and cosmetics, and in men’s ties, shirts and sportswear. The Dessy Group group offers bridesmaid dresses in the Honeysuckle colors, along with tuxedo options and accessories.
As part of this forecasting I’ve prepared featured firepolish beads in the honeysuckle color. (To view the products on our website click on the image , login as a customer and browse the Pantone favorites list.)
There’s a wide variety of our Johnbead products that match the Honeysuckle color. Makes for some exiting options and design possibilities. I was exited to see that Swarovski Elements Rose color is a great match.
If you yourself have made anything using the Honeysuckle color I would love to see it. You can email me at lilla@johnbead.com and we can feature your creation on the next blog post !
I LOVE THIS! Pantone colors are all so fabulous and Honeysuckle is a prime example! We love it so much that we made it our color of the week and put together a fabulous outfit on our blog to show how to dress wearing Pantone’s Honeysuckle using a complementary color palette.
Past Posts Select Month October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 November 2010 October 2010
Welcome to the Blog for John Bead Corporation: Beads, Crystals, Components and Carnival Proudly powered by WordPress
There is nothing quite so pretty as the sun glinting on new fallen snow. The landscape is whitewashed. The brown and dying leaves are covered over and hidden from view. There is even a crisp clean scent in the air that is impossible to reproduce at any other time of the year.
When you live in the north, it is important to prepare for less than ideal winter conditions. Because of the threat of ice underfoot and snow overhead, a walk from the house to an unattached garage or barn can be a major challenge. Over the years, we have adapted some tools and developed some strategies to help us stay safe. Here are some suggestions:
A good shovel is a good investment. Take the time to handle any shovel that you are going to purchase before you spend money on it. Test it out in the store to make sure that you are comfortable with how it feels and moves in your hands. Slide it along the floor. Lift your coat with it (to mimic the lifting of snow). Try before you buy. There are some great ergonomic shovels out there, but there are also some gimmicky tools as well.
Spray the edge of the shovel with a product like Pam cooking spray or dry silicone spray to make the snow slide off easier. Wet silicon lubricants, such as WD40, don’t work for this purpose because they have alcohol or other solvents in them that can actually melt snow, making it stick to the shovel.
New fallen snow is easier to shovel. Getting out into the snow before it gets too deep will give you a better result when clearing driveways or sidewalks. Yes, you may have to shovel a couple of times, but for good traction it is best to clear down to the surface. If the snow is removed before the first person steps on it, it clears much better.
Be ergonomic when shoveling. Start slowly. Use several different styles for moving the snow, rather that repetitive motions over the whole job. This will exercise different muscle groups. If the snow is wet and heavy, lift smaller loads with each shovelful.
If you aren’t able to get clear ground underfoot, install handholds. Adding handrails down the stairs and along the sidewalk can save you from a dangerous fall. Ski poles can be stored by the door and used to help you walk over icy and snowy ground.
If you are doing lots of outside chores, there are several styles of boot cleats that grip the icy ground very securely. They can be found in most sporting goods stores, usually in the ice fishing section.
Lastly, there are several different types of snow melting products to help with traction on your walks and driveways. Read the instructions carefully and follow instructions. Stay current with local ordinances for their usage in your location.
If the snow is light enough, you can use a leaf blower to remove it from the walks quite quickly and with little strain. Walking upright will also reduce the risk of falls. Always be sure to wear hearing protection when you use a leaf blower. Even if the sound is less noticeable on a snowy day, you can still damage your hearing.
Waking in the morning to a bright shiny day is one of the benefits of living in the snowy north. Staying safe while walking and shoveling will give you the chance to “slide” when you have your sled or toboggan in hand.
If you have any tips or stories about making it through the winter, I would love to hear about them. Please leave a comment here, or email John at John@JohnMuellerBooks.com.
Author Pegg CondermanPosted on December 3, 2014 November 23, 2014 Categories Equipment, Self-SufficiencyTags Health, Money, shovel, Snow, Winter
This is Thanksgiving Week. As such it seems appropriate to restate the facts that surround Thanksgiving.
Thanksgiving is celebrated in only 3 countries around the world: The United States, Canada and The Philippines.
The original Europeans who came to America were searching for religious freedom from an oppressive government, not freedom from religion itself. Those hardy folks came over in small boats carrying very few resources with them. They survived because they were able to depend on God, adapt to a new environment, and create a self-sufficient society.
America was founded on this ideal and the willingness to adapt, learn and create are still very evident in our modern times.
In 1789 George Washington signed the following proclamation to establish the holiday of Thanksgiving in America.
Whereas it is the duty of all nations to acknowledge the providence of Almighty God, to obey His will, to be grateful for His benefits, and humbly to implore His protection and favor; and Whereas both Houses of Congress have, by their joint committee, requested me to “recommend to the people of the United States a day of public thanksgiving and prayer, to be observed by acknowledging with grateful hearts the many and signal favors of Almighty God, especially by affording them an opportunity peaceably to establish a form of government for their safety and happiness:”
Now, therefore, I do recommend and assign Thursday, the 26th day of November next, to be devoted by the people of these States to the service of that great and glorious Being who is the beneficent author of all the good that was, that is, or that will be; that we may then all unite in rendering unto Him our sincere and humble thanks for His kind care and protection of the people of this country previous to their becoming a nation; for the signal and manifold mercies and the favorable interpositions of His providence in the course and conclusion of the late war; for the great degree of tranquility, union, and plenty which we have since enjoyed; for the peaceable and rational manner in which we have been enable to establish constitutions of government for our safety and happiness, and particularly the national one now lately instituted for the civil and religious liberty with which we are blessed, and the means we have of acquiring and diffusing useful knowledge; and, in general, for all the great and various favors which He has been pleased to confer upon us.
And also that we may then unite in most humbly offering our prayers and supplications to the great Lord and Ruler of Nations and beseech Him to pardon our national and other transgressions; to enable us all, whether in public or private stations, to perform our several and relative duties properly and punctually; to render our National Government a blessing to all the people by constantly being a Government of wise, just, and constitutional laws, discreetly and faithfully executed and obeyed; to protect and guide all sovereigns and nations (especially such as have shown kindness to us), and to bless them with good governments, peace, and concord; to promote the knowledge and practice of true religion and virtue, and the increase of science among them and us; and, generally to grant unto all mankind such a degree of temporal prosperity as He alone knows to be best.
Given under my hand, at the city of New York, the 3d day of October, A.D. 1789. Signed by George Washington.
If you have comments, I would love to hear from you. Please leave the comments here or email John at John@JohnMuellerBooks.com.
Author Pegg CondermanPosted on November 26, 2014 November 23, 2014 Categories Self-Sufficiency, Social CommentaryTags George Washington, History, Proclamation, Relationships, Thanksgiving
When I was growing up, it was my uncles’ job to wield a big knife and peel the raw pumpkin so that my mom could bake pumpkin pie and make filling for canning. Watching one of “the boys” handle the knives while trying to carve away the skin of a raw pumpkin was usually a little scary and sometimes hilarious. It all depended on who was careful and who was just cutting up! When I moved into a home of my own, I had to learn a different way to separate skin from the flesh of a pumpkin because I am married to a man who loves pie, made from scratch, and he likes his pumpkin made that way as well.
Be sure that your pumpkin will fit inside the shallow baking sheet that you are going to be using. It doesn’t matter if both halves fit but you want to have the edges of the pumpkin completely inside the baking pan. Choosing the right sized pumpkin for this process is very important.
Carefully scoop out the seeds with a spoon. If you have kids that want to help, this is a great chance to include them—handling the guts and seeds is really fun (and gross)! The seeds can be washed and baked with seasoning for an added treat.
Flip the pumpkins cut side down and place them onto a shallow baking sheet with a lip all the way around the pan. I used an Air-bake pan because it is double layered and gives improved stability while loading and unloading the heavy pumpkin from the hot oven.
Add a small amount of water to the baking sheet. Just enough to cover the surface of the pan about 1/4 inch deep. The water will boil and steam the pumpkin inside while the oven is baking it from the outside.
Bake in a 350F oven until you can pierce the skin of the pumpkin with a fork. If you want the pumpkin to be more puree-like bake it longer. You may need to carefully add water while the pan is in the oven, but bake the pumpkin until it is as soft as you want it to be. The halves may collapse just a little bit as the insides get soft.
Finally, let the whole thing cool down. When it is cool enough to handle, peel the skin from the flesh and discard the skin. Then you can use it however you like. My last experiment was a simple blend of fresh apple chunks, some pumpkin chunks and curry powder to taste. No sugar and no recipe. I just mixed up what I had and popped it back into the oven to soften the apples. It was delicious!
This method of processing pumpkin is economical, healthy and easy. There are absolutely no additives or preservatives so the only thing that you will taste is pumpkin. It also works for winter squashes of all kinds.
So, if you decided NOT to carve your pumpkin for Halloween, consider Butchering and Eating It! You’ll be glad you did!
If you have any pumpkin tips or stories, I would love to hear from you! Please respond to this blog or email John at John@JohnMuellerBooks.com.
Author Pegg CondermanPosted on October 29, 2014 October 29, 2014 Categories Food Preservation, Self-SufficiencyTags Baking, Food Storage, Health, Money, Preserves, Pumpkin, Relationships, Self-sufficiency2 Comments on How to Butcher a Pumpkin…
What warms the hands as well as the heart, especially on a blustery Autumn night? A nice cup of tea.
Recently, I received a gift from a friend who knows about my love affair with tea. It is called an “Almigh’ Tea Bag” from Supreme Housewares. This cute little thing is made completely from silicone. It is shaped like a tea bag with tag intact! I’ve carried it to work with me and tried it out with several different cups and mugs.
The base of the bag comes off so you can stuff the insides with your own mix of herbs and spices. Some like it strong, some like it light. With the Almigh’ Tea Bag, you can make it just like you want it.
Here are some of the advantages that I found with this item as compared to the metal spoons or tea balls that you have in your utensil drawer at home.
There are also other uses for this tool that are yet to be explored. I wonder how it will do for a small “bouquet garni” in a small beef stew? I also wonder how Coffee Beans will work, if they are course ground and stuffed inside with course ground hazelnuts? As you can tell, playing with this teabag may keep me occupied for some time. It is definitely an item that I will be adding to my stocking stuffer list for Christmas this year! The bag comes in four colors: yellow (shown), green, red, and ivory.
If you have any ideas about what can be stuffed into the “Almigh’ Tea Bag”, or have had any experience with it, I would love to hear from you. Please respond here or send an email to John at John@JohnMuellerBooks.com.
Author Pegg CondermanPosted on October 22, 2014 October 20, 2014 Categories Cooking and Kitchen Equipment, Herbs and Flowers, Other Reviews, Reviews, Self-SufficiencyTags Cloves, Food Storage, Gardening, Mint, Money, Orange Mint, Reviews, Self-sufficiency, Star Anise, Tea
When I was a kid, October was the month for the “Autumn Airing of the Quilts”. My best friend’s mother had a wide range of quilts and comforters, many of which had been passed down for generations. On a sunny Saturday afternoon we would take them all out of their storage chests. Then we would repair any damage. If they smelled musty, we would wash the bedding and let it dry in the fresh air. Anything that was brightly colored was carefully monitored so that it could be taken off the clothesline just as soon as it was dry so it wouldn’t fade in the sunshine. After that was done, all of the beds in the house were made up with winter sheets, clean blankets and these heirloom quilts and comforters.
As it is with anything that you want to last, proper storage and care is necessary for bedding. In order to provide proper care, it is important to know what you have. Knitted and crocheted items are called afghans and require a different type of care than quilts and comforters. Comforters, quilts and blankets are made from fabric.
A quilt is made of pieces of fabric sewn together in a pattern with a top, middle and bottom layer sandwiched together and then sewn.
A comforter is made by sewing two sheets of fabric together and filling the inside with something fluffy often feathers or down.
Ask yourself: Is the item supposed to be fuzzy,smooth or satiny? Different fabrics require different treatment to keep them in the best condition through the years.
Were these given to you from someone as an heirloom or is it simply a hand-me-down? Heirlooms command much more respect and warrant special attention due to the emotional attachment that comes along with it.
Check over the bedding carefully and mend any seams before attempting to clean the items. Remember the quote from Poor Richard’s Almanac “A stitch in time saves nine”? It is certainly true when it comes to mending bedding.
Be certain of the material that the item is made from. Wool must be cleaned differently than cotton. Microfiber can be treated differently than sateen. Look for fabric tags. If there are care instructions, follow them carefully for best results.
Be careful with bedding if anyone in the home has pollen allergies. While bedding is outside on a line, the pollen and pollutants from the surrounding countryside can settle on it. If there are allergies in your household, you may choose to tumble your bedding in a drier instead of airing it on a line.
Do not crowd bedding in the drier. For a large comforter it is worth the time and money to take it to a laundromat to use large capacity machines. If you decide to dry your bedding in a home machine, add small items to create movement in the dryer. Be sure that the items are completely dry before folding or storing to prevent mildew.
Filled comforters, with down or manmade materials inside, should always be tumbled dry. For fluffiness, add a couple of tennis balls or similar item (I wash and use my dog toys) in the drier. A comforter is warmer when fluffy, because the down captures and holds warm air inside the layers.
It will soon be blustery and frigid outside. Although it takes time to make sure that your bedding is cleaned, mended and ready for winter, the investment will keep you warm and snuggly all winter long!
If you have any stories about your experiences with quilts or comforters, or pictures to share, I would love to hear from you! Please add a comment to this post or contact John at John@JohnMuellerBooks.com.
Author Pegg CondermanPosted on October 15, 2014 October 13, 2014 Categories Crafts, Self-SufficiencyTags Comforters, Laundry, Money, Preparing, Self-sufficiency
The original recipe was found in a St. Mary’s Catholic Church cookbook from Muscatine, IA printed in 1988.
1/2 cup of any kind of nuts mixed with 3 Tablespoons of sugar and a pinch of each spice used in the batter.
Alternately add the cold coffee and the dry ingredients to the bowl, mixing them between additions. Be careful not to overbeat the batter, because this cake batter will be naturally lumpy.
Drain moisture from the apples. Fold them into the batter. Pour into 13×9 cake pan that has been coated with grease (or Pam) and flour.
Bake at 350 F for 50 to 60 minutes. Check for doneness by inserting a toothpick into the center of the cake until it comes out clean.
This recipe is best served to a loved one while it is still warm with a little ice cream or whipped cream. And it is also great cold for breakfast, like Pizza!
Author Pegg CondermanPosted on October 1, 2014 September 30, 2014 Categories Garden and Orchard, Self-Sufficiency, WritingTags Apples, Cake, Love, Pie, Poem, Romance
Ready or not! Here it comes! Winter is on its way! If you live in the Midwest, it is time to winterize your house and stock up your pantry. It is also time to bring in any plants that were taken outside for the summer. There was a radio talk show host in the late 90’s who had a rant titled, “Houseplants are HOUSEplants! They are supposed to stay in the house!” But for those of us who have sentimental plants that are precious but large, taking the plant outside is a necessity in the summer.
If you are in the habit of taking houseplants out for the summer, here are the best ways to assure that you don’t bring problems back into your house along with your plants:
Spray the plant for any insects that are common to the plant as a preventive measure. Relocating a plant to the warmth of your home will encourage insect survival.
Be sure that any houseplant spray you use will kill insect eggs. If it doesn’t kill the eggs, plan to spray 3 times at two week intervals.
Be safe by making sure that the plant you are spraying is listed on the label. Many plants are killed because they were sprayed with a chemical that was not safe for them.
If you want to use less chemical and have more effect, place the houseplant inside a trash bag while it is outside for spraying. Carefully spray the chemical into the bag. Quickly seal the bag with the plant and chemical inside. Leave it alone for 24 hours away from direct sunlight. After 24 hours, open the bag and air out the plant for about an hour. Then bring your treated plant in the house. This system can also be used inside.
Trim away any dead or dying leaves. The plant will continue to try to support any weak leaves. Removing them helps reduce insect and disease possibilities as both attack dying tissue.
Give your plant as much light as you can when you first bring it inside. As the plant adjusts to the new light source, you can slowly move it to its final location. This may mean that you will be moving your plants around inside a couple of times but your plant will be happier in the long run. If your plant has only one location that it will fit inside your home, consider using grow lights to help your plant make the adjustment from summer home to winter home. (You don’t have to do anything fancy, you can actually get grow lights that will fit in a standard light fixture.)
Pay attention. With houseplants it is very important to pay attention to them. Insect and disease problems often start slowly but spread quickly and if you are paying attention, the problem leaves can be removed and the problem remedied before it affects the whole plant.
Growing and caring for plants is a very satisfying way to pass the winter. Transitioning your plants from their summer home to their winter location is easy, but takes some finesse. If you really need to have blooms through the winter, search out paperwhite bulbs, zygocactus (also called Christmas Cactus) or amaryllis. For easy greens choose spider plants, peace lily, or Norfolk Island pine. Whether they are Aunt Violet’s African violets or a new and exotic species that you discovered at the local greenhouse, plants are great company and worth the attention.
If you have any thoughts about bringing in plants for the winter or stories about the plants that you have inherited that have been part of your family, please add a comment to this post or contact John at John@JohnMuellerBooks.com.
Author Pegg CondermanPosted on September 24, 2014 September 22, 2014 Categories Garden and Orchard, Self-SufficiencyTags Chemicals, Diseases, Houseplants, Nature, Plants, Relationships, Self-sufficiency, Violets
It’s only September and yet the thermometer has dipped into the 30’s. Since we live in a big old farmhouse with lots of character, we have consciously changed it as little as possible. In a perfect world, we would have all of the original storm windows. But unfortunately, we don’t live in a perfect world. We have a mixture of old wooden storms, some aluminum and a couple of windows that have been missing the storm for years. But we have learned how to button up this old fashioned house using some old techniques and developing a couple of new ones by trial and error.
First and thankfully, a previous owner had the foresight to completely surround the framing of the house with insulation from the attic to the basement. That addition is key to keeping any house warm during the Wisconsin winters. There are several ways to insulate the walls in all price ranges. Many of them can be done by a do-it-yourself enthusiast.
The next most important thing that can be done to keep the drafts out of an old home are tight windows. A previous owner installed aluminum double hung windows. We check them over every year (washing them when possible) to make sure that there is a tight seal. If the caulking has hardened or fallen away, we replace it. There are also some of the original wood framed storm windows that we check over every year—re-caulking as necessary. We put the storm in the window and go inside with a candle to check for any draft. If there are drafts or the window feels loose, we fill it in with rope putty.
For windows that have the storm completely missing, we use the plastic window kits. In order to be effective, they are best installed on a calm, warm day so that the adhesive is tacky enough to stick well. For any window that is going to be subject to lots of wind, it is a good idea to install plastic on the inside and outside as well. Follow the directions for the window product.
Lastly, the simplest thing to do to help the house be warmer in the winter is is the same as when our ancestors did it. Open the shades during the day! Capture the solar energy inside on sunny days, then close the drapes at dark and hold the heat in!
Another item that must be attended to before the winter sets in is making sure that your furnace is in good working order. It is a good idea to leave this to the expert. Your favorite furnace guy can come out and inspect and or repair your furnace. There may be a charge for the service but compared to an emergency call in the dead of winter; or worse yet a fire call, it is well worth the price!
Smoke detectors need their batteries changed twice a year. Utilizing the biennial time change date will help jog your memory. If your smoke detectors are old (anything over ten years), it may be time to replace the whole unit rather than just the batteries. (If you want to test your smoke detector, use a spray tester, rather than the smoke from a match or candle, because the smoke can actually cause the detector to fail.)
CO (carbon monoxide) detectors are inexpensive and useful tools that have been proven to save lives.
Outlets are often a source of secret heat loss. Insulating liners are available that can be installed behind the outlet cover that can help keep these sneaky heat thieves from creating cold spots in the room.
Some people dread the fall, knowing that it is the precursor to winter. Others, like me, revel in the beauty of the fall colors and the smell of the crisp leaves. I thank the good Lord for the reminder (and the time) to prepare for the cold season. Good planning and good preparation leads to a great party! So this winter, prepare for Old Man Winter and Party On!
If you have tips for preparing for the fall preparation I would love to hear from you! Please respond here or send an email to John at John@JohnMuellerBooks.com.
Author Pegg CondermanPosted on September 17, 2014 September 15, 2014 Categories Self-SufficiencyTags Carbon Monoxide Detector, Cold, Furnace, Health, Insulation, Money, Plastic Window Kit, Smoke Detector, Winter2 Comments on Baby, It’s Gonna Get Cold!
Just in case you’re wondering, all Russet potatoes are Burbanks, but not all Burbank potatoes are russet. The Russet Burbank is described as a natural genetic variant of the Burbank potato. It has a russet-colored skin that visually identifies this potato type. The Russet is the world’s predominant potato used in food processing, so you have probably seen a lot of them and eaten even more.
I grew up in a meat and potatoes household. Although my mom grew a garden full of a wide variety of vegetables, my dad really only believed that there were 4 kinds of vegetables worth eating. Those were corn, peas, beans and potatoes. As a result, most of our meals were created with those basics but there was always plenty! If we didn’t have enough production of potatoes from the garden, my dad would stop by a roadside stand in the fall and buy a bag of 100 pounds for about $4. That would last us through the winter and into the early spring. In the fall, potatoes are at their least expensive and best quality compared to any other time of year. Buying them in bulk and storing them is as good an investment now as it was when my dad was doing it in the 60’s.
Storing potatoes is one of the earliest self-sufficiency skills I learned. We always lived in an old house with an unfinished cellar. We would put the potatoes down in the basement in a barrel and just go to collect what we needed when it was time to make supper. Once in awhile we would come in contact with a slimy potato that had to be tossed out. We were warned that we should always bring up anything that had been in contact with the bad potato so they could be used right away. As kids, the science wasn’t explained to us. It was just the rule. Now that I understand the science, it’s still a rule that I live by.
Choose a potato variety that is appropriate for storage. My favorite is Kennebec. Some like Russet. There are others. The grocer or garden center should be able to tell you which potatoes are going to be good for storing. You can also go online to find the attributes for most vegetables.
Raw potatoes should not be washed before storing. Remove the big chunks if you have been digging during a wet season. However, a powdery coating of dry soil toughens the skin and helps them stay dry longer in storage.
After sorting, store the unwashed raw potatoes in any place that is dry, cool (but not cold) and dark. Exposure to sunlight will cause the skin to go green, get bitter and can cause illness if you eat a large quantity.
Frequently check your stored potatoes for any that have developed soft spots and discard them immediately when you find them.
Wash and dry any potatoes that are in contact with a bad one during storage. Keep it apart so it can be used soon.
With smaller houses and less storage space, it is still possible to find good storage for potatoes. One way is to store them in milk crates in a pantry, cool closet or heated garage alongside an outer wall. If the area has a window, drape a heavy cloth over the whole stack. With the coolness of the wall, the airflow created by the construction of the milk crates and the dark provided by the cloth, it works beautifully. As the potatoes at the top are used, take the crates out to store and start on the crate below it.
Also, if you have a rarely used, cool bedroom; a layer of crunched up paper under potatoes in an under-the-bed container is the perfect place for storing them. Winter squash and pumpkins can be stored there also! The main idea is to keep them dry, dark and cool but not frozen.
As with other vegetables, canning potatoes is a great way to control the salt level and quality of the food as well as customizing the cut of the finished product.
For best results, the potatoes should be washed and peeled before cutting into your favorite shapes – slices, cubes, shreds or small whole potatoes.
A mandolin is a useful tool when cutting potatoes into thin, even slices. Be very careful when using a mandolin because it has an extremely sharp edge.
A French fry cutter is great for making cubes. Simply put the potato through the cutter and then cut the ‘fries’ into chunks. This cuts the potatoes into really nice sized cubes.
Do NOT try to pressure can anything completely absent of salt. A little salt is absolutely necessary for successful canning.
Once the potatoes are processed and cooled they are ready to eat! You can rinse them, cold and use them in potato salads. You can microwave them to have them warm. You can mash them with garlic and butter. You can drain them, dry them and fry them with your favorite seasonings for fantastic hash browns. In a pinch, you could eat them straight from the jar!
The potato is the workhorse of the pantry. It is low in saturated fat and sugar. It has no cholesterol or sodium unless you add it. It is also high in potassium and vitamin C as well as very high in vitamin B6, the vitamin that helps to improve moods.
If you have stories or recipes using potatoes, I would love to hear from you. Please share them by adding your comment to this post or contacting John at John@JohnMuellerBooks.com.
Author Pegg CondermanPosted on September 10, 2014 September 8, 2014 Categories Cooking and Kitchen Equipment, Equipment, Food Preservation, Self-SufficiencyTags Burbank, Canning, Food Storage, Kennebec, Money, Norland Red, Pontiac, Potatoes, Self-sufficiency, Yukon Gold2 Comments on In Praise of the Humble Potato
My mother was a good, old-fashioned home cook. She also never learned to drive. Since we lived in the country much of the time, she knew how to make do with the ingredients and tools that were already on hand.
If she didn’t have spaghetti on hand, she would use flat noodles with Marinara, meat and cheese. She flattened out chicken breasts with a frying pan (and worked off some frustration with her kids, I think). A favorite recipe in our house is still a Chili Sauce that uses apples as well as tomatoes for a sweet and spicy addition to ground beef. Mom usually had a pot of soup on the stove made out of oxtails, ham bones, turkey carcasses or whatever meat she had on hand. (As kids, she didn’t dare tell us what was in the soup. We only knew that it was good!) She graduated eventually to be become restaurant cook but she still did her best work without the fancy gadgets that have become standard in many modern kitchens.
I don’t have my mother’s skills when it comes to cooking, but I have learned her respect for good, simple tools.
Knives should be kept sharp and safe. A magnetic strip on the wall above the counter will keep metal knives safe, dry and conveniently at hand. These magnetic strips can be picked up at most hardware stores as they are commonly used for tool benches.
A good variety of large spoons, ladles and spatulas is a must. Many can be picked up very reasonably at thrift stores or garage sales. Watch for brand name items at a bargain.
Multiple cutting boards mean less chance of cross contamination. Sterilize cutting boards regularly.
Old tools don’t need to be tossed out just because there is a new version, unless it is broken. If there is room to store them, multiples can make prep work more fun! It can become a contest between siblings or a chance to sit and visit with your spouse. “Show and tell” works especially well with kids when they have their own tool that won’t be taken away if they are “too slow”.
Keep a clean pair of paint stirring sticks in the kitchen drawer. When rolling out cookie dough, position the stir stick so that they raise the rolling pin and ensure the same thickness cookie with each cut. When the thickness is uniform, the cookies will bake evenly and you won’t end up with doughy middles and crispy edges. If the paint stirrer gets grungy, toss it out and head to the hardware store.
A pair of chopsticks is a great way to poke nice round holes into the tops of gingerbread (and other) cookies so they can be hung with a ribbon.
As you can tell, good tools are an inexpensive way to make cooking fun, social and sustainable. If you have other tips and or adaptations that you have tried in the kitchen, I would love to hear from you. Please share them by adding your comment to this post or contacting John at John@JohnMuellerBooks.com.
Author Pegg CondermanPosted on August 27, 2014 August 25, 2014 Categories Cooking and Kitchen Equipment, Self-SufficiencyTags Chopsticks, Cookies, Cooking, Equipment, Gadgets, Kids, Knives, Money, Pie, Self-sufficiency, Tools2 Comments on Necessity is the Mother of Invention
Archives Select Month September 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011
First of all, if you’re sick of all the fancy clothes, now’s your chance to dress casual! West coast swingers pride themselves on their relaxed, pedestrian look - hurray for jeans, T-shirts and yoga pants!
The first thing you might observe is the leaders seem to move in a circular motion, while the followers move in a straight line, first one way, then the other. This latter is called the “slot” in west coast swing dancing, comparable to a watchband, while the leader moves around the central display area of the watch.
Used to leaning forward to create connection? How about stepping forward as the leader, and backwards as the follower? Bad news: It’s all backwards in west coast swing dancing. Dancers stretch away to create a pulling sensation, then the leader guides the follower down the slot by stepping backwards. Yep, get practicing.
Leaders, don’t expect to run this dance like you do the other ballroom styles: Followers have a lot more say in what happens in west coast swing dancing, and can even interrupt or “hijack” a lead, although how often and when this is best done is debatable.
As you grow more comfortable with west coast swing dancing, instructors will introduce alternative ways to do an element - for example, making a ronde instead of an anchor step - or repeating an element to extend the step. Expect this kind of play and creativity to gradually infect the rest of your ballroom dancing. Don’t fight it - it’s good for you.
As if that wasn’t creative enough, musicality plays a huge role in west coast swing dancing as well, although you won’t see much of it at the beginner levels. Think of matching the energy level of the music, by slowing down or speeding up certain elements for example. Watch any Jack and Jill competition to see what I mean.
The social dance scene might look intimidating - fortunately, west coast swingers tend to be a lot more open and willing to dance with beginners than other dance styles. Just jump in and start asking!
In summary, west coast swing dancing can be a tougher dance to pick up, but one of the most fun for those who like to break the rules a little. Almost any kind of movement can find a place here, so you might end up supplementing your westie training with hip hop, jazz, or other dance styles.
Currently, Steven James teaches advanced beginner and intermediate classes at the Joy of Dance Centre at 7pm and 8pm respectively on Fridays. Stop by if you’re interested!
Ian Crewe has been dancing ballroom for over 18 years, and has a Licentiate in American smooth and rhythm. His passion for dance eventually led him to blogging and the World Wide Web. Ian currently teaches at the Joy of Dance Centre, Toronto, ON, Canada.
Joy of Dance Centre is the premier dance studio in Toronto offering the very best in Adult, Kids and Teen dance class instruction in a warm, state of the art, and friendly environment. We are committed to providing our students a place and space to grow: uniquely, individually, expressively, technically, passionately and with excellence. We are simply the best, and are passionate about giving you every opportunity to express your best. We offer instruction in a diverse and extensive dance repertoire including Ballet, Ballroom, Bollywood, Contemporary, Hip Hop, Jazz, Tap and Urban.
Aloha! Rise and shine, it's spring time on the Garden Island! How would you like to wake up, stretch, and start your day on Kauai? What's more, how would you like to step out into the tropical morning air, sling your golf bag onto your shoulder, and head to a Robert Trent Jones, Jr.- or Jack Nicklaus-designed golf course? Well, it's time. "Tee" time to be exact!
Welcome to your dream golf vacation, where you can play 18 holes in the AM, relax on a white sandy beach in the early afternoon, and rejuvenate with a wonderful massage before dinner. Whether you're taking a planned vacation with your golf buddies, a family trip with your loved ones, or some time away on your own, fairways and putting greens await you amidst the lush forests, gentle streams, and mountain views on Kauai!
This is Part 2 of our "Countdown to Summer 2012," showcasing some of Kauai's beautiful golf courses and spas. You are working hard this year, right? Give yourself a break and enjoy something you really love. While you're at it… pamper yourself with a Swedish and lomi-lomi massage! Think of this as your Kauai guide to your happiness and joy. Once again, look for the KVR Sandcastle signaling fun activities and travel tips for your upcoming visit. Remember, you can print this page and hang it on your refrigerator (or tie to your golf bag) for inspiration!
Walk out onto the Princeville Makai Golf Course and experience the impeccable course-design by Robert Trent Jones, Jr. (his first of four on Kauai), often referred to as "majestic, surreal and stunning." The track, re-turfed and renovated in 2010, is recognized by Golf, Inc. as the Top Renovation of the Year for 2011! The Makai Golf Club's awards (among several others) include the 25 Gold Medal Resorts in America by Golf Magazine and the Top 5 Great Golf Settings by National Geographic Traveler. It may be interesting to know that Robert has a home on Kauai and we manage it! Many guests have enjoyed staying at the golf course designer's home and playing his courses while on the Garden Island.
Are you bringing your golf clubs from the mainland? Each airline has different rules on checking golf bags as luggage. Most limit the number of clubs, golf balls, and pairs of golf shoes you can bring. Check with your airline for their specifications and consider packing your golf equipment inside a hard cover case for maximum protection. Some of the most common airline golf bag policies are listed here. Rent clubs from the Pro Shop if you choose to leave yours at home. Princeville Makai Golf Club offers Callaway golf club rentals for men, women, and juniors!
Have you ever wanted to step onto the grounds of royalty? Prince Golf Course at Princeville is named for Prince Albert, son of Hawaii's King Kamehameha IV and Queen Emma. Called an "unforgettable golf experience," Prince Golf Course features natural elements of the Kauai environment such as a tropical jungle, ravines, streams, and even a waterfall. Like the Princeville Makai Golf Club, Prince Golf Course underwent a multi-million dollar renovation overseen by original architect Robert Trent Jones, Jr. The course is now open for play as of 1 March. Call for tee times at (808) 826-5001! Tip: Pack your rangefinder to measure yardage, a camera to take pictures of the breathtaking scenery, and sunblock to protect yourself from the sun's rays!
Okay, so there's a lot of talk about golfing, but what about the spa treatments?! Halele'a Spa at the St. Regis Princeville Resort is magnificent. Let go and relax in a steam room infused with tropical essences. Experience a waterfall shower and sit in a relaxation room designed to rest your body and mind. The Spa Services at Westin Princeville Ocean Resort Villas features both outdoor (cabana) and indoor spa treatments that make you feel great. Enjoy several types of massage, including lomi-lomi, Swedish, sports, reflexology, deep tissue, and deep lomi-lomi. Feeling refreshed? Good! Because Poipu Bay Golf Course is waiting for you on the South Shore!
Poipu Bay Golf Course is known for hosting the PGA Grand Slam of Golf from 1994 to 2006 and has both gorgeous ocean and mountain views to share! Specifically, the distant rock formation called "Mahualepu" is a sight to see! The mound looks like a giant reclining Hawaiian god resting near the course. How cool! Other course characteristics include firm fairways and open fronts that allow the ball to roll onto the green, as well as ancient stone walls and remnants of structures called heiau (Ancient Hawaiian shrines). Oh, and here are a couple tips for Poipu Bay Golf Course: Be sure to utilize the satellite navigation system on your golf carts and make use of daily clinics and video instruction by the resident golf pros!
There are so many more award-winning courses to share with you! Where can we find room? Click here for a complete listing of Kauai golf courses and always remember to drink plenty of water and sports drinks on the course.
Whew! All this talk about playing golf and enjoying the outdoors inspires us to truly appreciate the beauty and splendor of Kauai. This month, there are so many great things to do after golfing. The Kauai Community College 4th Annual Earth Day Festival is on April 19th and the St. Theresa School Carnival celebrates the Aloha Spirit on the 20th and 21st!
Now… are you really ready for your Kauai vacation? Give us a call at 800-367-5025, or email us at aloha@kvrre.com and we will hook you up with a great accommodation in a great location, where all your vacation dreams come true! Thanks for participation in our Facebook and Twitter promotions and remember to jump on our Wiki Wiki Wednesday specials. After all, we want to see you soon! ☺
My husband loves to golf. Thanks for all the info on the courses. What a treat to golf in such a beautiful place. I will taking your recommendation on the Spa at St. Regis Princeville Resort. Thanks!
Like I said before, I've never picked up a club before, but would love to start in Kauai. That would be a memorable first time for golfing. I hope there are some good teachers there.
Satpati is a small hamlet under Salboni Police Station of West Midnapur district. As the joint forces are posted all along the region; there is a joint force camp, occupying a school building, just opposite the Satpati market in Midnapur- Lalgarh road.
On 10th of December 2009, the International Human Rights Day came down heavily on the populace destroying all their rights to life and liberty. In this course the joint force camping in the area not only killed an innocent person but injured five others, including a minor.
After receiving the information, a fact finding team of MASUM rushed to the area on 13.12.2009, as team has prior information that injured were in Midnapur District Hospital, the team first visited the hospital, the locales had an idea that the injured were in surgical medical ward as the injured first shifted in male surgical ward on the fateful day, but after searching, the team found the persons were inside the prison ward just attached with the male surgical ward and behind the bar, two police persons in uniform and one in plainclothes (identified himself as a jail warden) were guarding the ward which was locked. The arrestees informed that they were admitted in male surgical ward on 10.12.2009 at night, though failed to recollect the time as they were grievously injured but on 11.12.2009 they transferred to the custody of police/ judicial inside the hospital premises at around 6.30 p.m. on the day.
The injured; Amiya Ranjan Sahu, son of Mr. Bhajahari Sahu, aged about 38 years of Satpati village by profession a grocery owner got received bullet injury on lower half of his left leg, Bikash Nandy, son of Mr. Asit Nandy, aged about 16 years, appeared for secondary examination of Satpati, Bholananda Gantatit, son of Mr. Dulal Gantatit, aged about 19 years, appeared for higher secondary examination and Tapas Mondal, son of Mr. Nepal Mondal, aged about 18 years and appeared for secondary examination were all cramped in floor over the rotten linens and all having bullet injuries in different parts of their body while four others M/S Bhagabat Garai, Amiya Santra, Alok Bera and Dilip Ghosh were provided cots after brought from Midnapur Central Correctional Home in various dates for medical attention. Bikash, Bholananda and Tapas all are student of Goutam Smiriti Satpati Binapani Bidyamandir of Satpati.
From them the fact finding team came to know that along them, Dr. Tamal Sahu, a registered medical practicenor of Satpati got bullet injury and brought along with others to Midnapur Government Hospital and later sent to Seth Sukhlal Karnani Hospital, Kolkata on same date; 10.12.2009 along with Bholanath and Tapas, but Bholanath and Tapas brought back to Midnapur Government Hospital with same ambulance in which they were transported to the said hospitals. The detainees also informed that Dr. Sahu is a heart patient and surgery on his heart valves had been done. They also informed that during the firing Biplab Sahu, son of Mr. Ajit Sahu, aged about 38 years of Satpati got bullet injury and later came to know that he died in Midnapur Government Hospital, though they have not seen the body or brought in same vehicle.
Most awfully the detainees were not informed about their arrest and having no knowledge that state has initiated criminal cases against them. The information also not imparted to the families also which we later came to know. The fact finding team tried it level best to get the case number with sections but refused the same by the guarding party, they said their superior can impart that but he was not present there, after several argument a person in civil dress came at the place and introduced himself as Falguni Mukherjee, Assistant Sub Inspector, attached with Police lines of Midnapur is guard in charge, but he also refused to divulge anything about the police case, but as he was holding a piece of paper, the fact finding team clandestinely manage to look after it and find the police started a criminal case against all the mentioned persons including the deceased as Salboni PS Case number 104/09 dated 10.12.2009 under sections 147/148/149/120 (B)/ 122/121(B)/124/126/307/323 of IPC & 9(B) of Indian Explosives Act (again this is only FF team managed by peep over the paper). Till date nobody has been produced before any court or magistrate, no magistrate bodily appeared before the persons and even the minor is still inside the regular custody, though he is a minor.
After that the fact finding team visited the place of incident; Satpati village and met with Mr. Tapan Kumar Mahish, aged about 44 years and elected member of 7 number Satpati Gram Panchayet with others. During his narration he vividly described the happenings of the day. On the fateful day; 10.12.2009 a bus bounded towards Goaltor from Medinipur was make a halt at Satpati at that very time the personnel of Pirakata police camp was returning after some skirmishes with the so called ‘ Maoists’ at Parulia village under Salboni police station. The Pirkata police camp was nearly 4 kilometers away from the Satpati IRB- joint camp. But reasons known best to the posted joint force personnel started indiscriminate lathicharge upon the persons inside the bus and people who were in the street. During the lathicharge which was uncalled for, the posted joint force used filthiest abusive languages to all the persons present at the time around the place.
The persons present at the place during the indiscriminate lathicharge and verbal abuses rushed to the Satpati police camp (joint force camp) to know about the reason, why the personnel from another camp resorted to lathicharge (Pirakata joint force camp) without any provocation, the number of protesting people were more than 100 and nobody inside the camp came out to hear the grievances of the people, here it should be mentioned that never any contention between the Satpati villagers and posted armed constabulary has been taken before. Majority of the persons belonging with agrarian occupations and few of them have auxiliary occupation of running shops of different natures. But while they were demanding for the actual reasons, the posted joint force became berserk and asked their sentries to leave the gate and come inside the camp and from there they started firing from their sophisticated firearms to unarmed commoners who gathered over there as regular practice to gossiping and have their teas.
It was amply clear that the personnel of joint force resorted firing without any provocation and guidelines set for doing the so, no magistrate was present at the place and nobody attacked them with any intention to cause harm to their life or properties.
But it was clear that armed personnel used sophisticated firearms without any reasons as the team found wholes on tin roofs nearly 500- 600 meters away from the camp and came to know that persons injured during the firing almost a receiving end of more than 500 meters.
The said Panchayet member even contacted the Officer in Charge of Salboni PS over mobile telephone and made him audible about the bullet firings and asked him to stop the gruesome attack on common people. Mr. Tapan Kumar Mahish, the member of Panchayet even alleged that to corroborate false evidences the joint force personnel even fired upon the walls of the camp to falsify that someone fired upon the camp with firearms.
In a most gruesome act the joint forces even restricted the persons wanted to rescue the bullet ridden injured bodies and in that course even threatened them from inside the camp. They challenged the persons wanted to bring the injured to hospital for medical assistances with firings. Although the villagers somehow arranged a vehicle of Mr. Soumitra Sahu of the same village and paid for the transportation while one Mr. Samir Manna, son of Bhramar Manna working with Satpati post office and a distant relative of the deceased Biplab Sahu accompanied him during his last journey. According to him he was alive till Bhadutala but before reaching the Midnapur hospital he breathed his last.
In this total incident the so called joint force not even tried to save the lives of the injured but recklessly abandoned the injured to die. This was again not only against the Constitutional guarantee under Article 21 but most heinous indifference toward a dying person by state actors.
On 12th of December 2009 inside the agrarian lands under Parulia village, the personnel of Pirkata camp went to pick up the body of one Tilak Tudu, but restricted by the villagers as according to the villagers, the body was of a CPI (M) harmed ( local vocabulary used for an armed protagonist of ruling party) who came to kill innocents or political opponents and subsequently resisted by them, but after failed to recover the body, while the joint force personnel were returning they fired upon the common people and used filthiest vocabularies against the persons and tried to leveled with subversive activities by their statements against the peasants; that again against the Constitutional and legal guarantees of this country. Nobody has the right to question the integrity of a person within any legal parameters prior to any judicial dictate. During the incident Mr. Kartik Nandi, son of Mr. Gopal Chandra Nandi, aged about 42 years, having agricultural land inside Dhangori Mouza and Mr. Dipankar Betal, son of Mr. Mantu Charan Betal working in Jashpur mouza as an agrarian labour experienced that the joint frce while returning fired upon the people engaged with their agrarian activities and in most of the time bullets were fired upon their heads with huge firing noise, which forced them to leave their fields and take run for helter- skelter.
While the fact finding team met with Mr. Kushal Biswas, the Officer in Charge of Salbobni police station while he was monitoring the construction of new camp, as the High Court of Calcutta directed to vacate all the school buildings where the joint force has made their camps by 20th December, he audaciously tried to make rationale and justified misdeeds of joint force. He even said before the team that as the people’ brought the crocodile by digging canals, so the commoners (you have) have to face wrath of the police in morning and ‘Maoist’ during the night’. But most rowdily he used the term ‘harmad’ for the hooligans of ruling party while he said the new camp will divide between the ‘Harmads’ (CPI (M) with ‘ Maoists’.
He later stated that police has to make more threats and coercion than ‘Maoist’ so villagers will force to succumb before the police rather than Maoists.
At last the fact finding team confronted with the family of the deceased; Mr. Biplab Sahu, it was heartrending occasion, as Biplab left two minor boys and hapless wife. His parents were fainted and wife was speechless during the meeting, but the two minor sons have no knowledge about the death of their father and consequences of the same. Biplab Sahu has 1 and half bigha of land by his own, though his joint family of two uncles and his father posses 15 bighas of land, till date land has not been partitioned. While Biplab Sahu got bullet injury and died during his journey to Midnapur Government Hospital, he was wearing a Lungi and vest and having a torch with him, which is a necessary item for rural folk.
Till date nobody from police, administration or state party came to aggrieved family. No police personnel came for any sort of inquiry.
Ground Report India publishes articles as they are given. Ground Report India is not responsible for views of writers, critics and reporters. For any contradiction, please contact to the author.
Klauzule informacyjne o przetwarzaniu danych osobowych w Spółdzielni Mieszkaniowej "Grunwald" w Poznaniu
Zoltán Ormos joined Ecommerce Hungary in 2006, and became board member in 2011 and chairman in 2014. During his term he emphasized the promotion of cross border ecommerce and built up a strong network of international relationships. He is a lawyer by profession and a managing partner of OrmosNet, a boutique law firm specializing in ecommerce law, IT law and IP.
Time slot reservations for Thursday, July 5 are required, and are issued on a first come, first served basis. Click here to submit your reservation request.
* PLEASE NOTE: Players written up on the scouting blog were identified by our scouting staff based on the demonstration of notable tool(s) and/or skill(s). While WE DO NOT KEEP STATS, we are watching for standout performers on the mound, at the plate, in the field and on the bases. However, a performance WITHOUT the presence of requisite tool(s) and/or skill(s) IS NOT considered standout — we are looking for players with the tool(s) and/or skill(s) to play beyond the high school level.**
Strong lower half, showed the tools to become a great catcher, above average arm, strong quiet hands, footwork online to target, is quick to block with good lateral movement. At the plate simple balanced set up, quick hands, and good angle to ball, stays in lower half well and behind the ball.
Strong athletic body, disciplined at the plate, strong compact swing, shows pull side power, runs well, gets good jumps and reads, outstanding range in the outfield, creates angle to the ball, makes difficult plays look easy
Athletic body, strong accurate arm, athletic movements behind the plate, good blocking skills, frames well, 2.1 pop time, offensively has short compact swing, can hit to all fields, shows good plate discipline
Slick fielding SS with soft hands and a smooth clean transfer, good range with a strong arm and showed multiple arm slots. Offensively he has a good set up and stays balanced throughout and a good idea of the zone, showed quick hands with a direct path, line drive type hitter.
Athletic projectable athlete, showed knee to knee load with good rhythm and timing, has level bat path, quick hands, strong lower half, shows good action and range in the field, arm plays with a clean quick exchange
Good set up at plate. Good rhythm and timing. Stays in lower half behind baseball. Line drive type hitter with ability to hit to all fields. Behind the plate he receives well is quick to block, and has a clean quick exchange at 2.14-2.18.
Tall athletic frame, showed good pop at the plate, middle approach. Defensively showed good athletic motions with great reads and jumps on the ball.
Small athletic outfielder that can fly! Great jumps and reads on the ball and controls the gaps with a great first step and good arm strength for a young player. At the plate he has a simple set up, stays balanced throughout, quick hands, and ability to use all fields and is a threat on the bases.
Projectable frame, showed good bat speed at the plate, big threat on base paths, showed middle approach. Defensively he showed a good first step and showed good routes.
Young athletic LHP with a high ceiling, pitches off his FB, pounds the inner half 82-85, arm action is clean and easy with a repeatable delivery, SL shows 2/7 break at 66, will get better with age
Athletic lean body with room to grow, good set up behind the plate, strong quiet hands, footwork is online with target, clean quick transfer with a strong arm and pop times at 2.09-2.13. At the plate he has a simple balanced approach, gets foot down in time, quick hands with a direct path, consistently finds the barrel.
Tall strong frame, projectable body, commands both sides of the plate at 82-84 topping at 85, slight arm side run, can throw off speed for strikes in any count
Athletic body, shows athletic movements behind the plate, strong accurate arm, frames well, above average blocker, balanced set up at the plate, aggressive approach, shows pull side power, runs well
Tall athletic frame with room to grow, filled up the strike zone with a FB that showed good life and topped out at 83. Also showed good feel with the off speed.
Tall frame, showed easy arm action with a FB that sat between 79-82, had good depth with a 10/5 breaking ball and commanded the corners
Strong athletic player, shows a simple set up, stays balanced throughout swing, stays on every pitch, shows explosive bat speed, stays in lower half well, arm plays from deep at 3B, shows clean actions with a smooth exchange, throws from multiple arm slots
Strong athletic pitcher who only throws out of the stretch, pitches downhill, locates fastball at the knees between 80-83, arm is free and easy, gets good front side extension
Tall long body, projectable frame, crafty lefty, fluid high 3/4 arm action, spots fastball with arm side run at 80-82 topping 83, slider shows a 2/8 shape and is solid out pitch
Tall, thin, athletic projectable LHP. Throws from a high 3/4 arm slot, arm action is free, easy as FB jumps out of hand with good arm side run. Commands both sides of the plate working ahead early pitching off of his FB. CB has a 1/7 shape and has good depth for a young pitcher. Looks like a young Chris Sale.
Tall athletic frame, projectable body, easy repeatable arm action, strong fastball command at 80-83 topping at 84, curveball shows 11/5 shape at 65-67 and is solid out pitch
Tall athletic frame, showed a strong lower half at the plate with a level bat path. Defensively he showed soft hands, good range to both sides and a clean exchange.
Athletic projectable body, balanced set up, aggressive at the plate, middle approach, short compact swing, runs well on base path, gets good reads and jumps in OF, creates angle to the ball, above average arm
Simple set up at the plate with good rhythm and timing, creates good angle to the baseball, stays on every pitch, showed pull side power, finished 2-3 with a double and two RBI’s
Athletic build, excellent speed on base path, high baseball IQ. Great footwork, smooth hands and free and loose arm in the field. Balanced approach at the plate and hits linedrives to every part of the field
Athletic body. Offensively he has an inside out swing, and showed great discipline, drives the ball very to the opposite field. Defensively he showed good lateral movement and a strong accurate arm and works ground up.
Small athletic build, hustles everywhere, offensively he showed a middle approach, drives the ball to all fields, quick hands through the zone and made good contact. Defensively he was very fluid, smooth hands with a clean exchange and an accurate arm, really good range. Showed good baseball awareness.
Athletic build, hands are quick to the ball, displays pull side power, good first step, gets good reads in the outfield, good range, displays strong arm
Athletic build, smooth hands, great range, short compact swing, spray type with pull-side power, runs the bases well
Strong athletic build, deadens ball when blocking, good footwork around the plate, makes athletic plays, 2.13 pop time, quick hands at the plate, gap to gap power, middle approach
Athletic build, high baseball IQ, balanced set up at the plate, good middle approach, quick compact swing through the zone, hips stay through the ball, line drive spray type hitter, runs bases well, defensively has great range, works from the ground up, soft smooth hands, makes quick transitions, good footwork around the bag, gamer
Tall lanky pitchers frame, showed a balanced repeatable delivery, FB 84-87 with some arm side run, CB 71-73 with 1/7 shape, very good depth and a plus pitch. Showed some feel for the change up at 79-81.
Small athletic build, at the plate he showed a simple balanced approach, line drive type hitter who uses the whole field, easy bat path with the barrel staying in the zone well. Good actions defensively, quick feet and good range, accurate arm with a quick release and is sure handed. Showed good baseball IQ and was aggressive on the base paths.
Thick strong build, 2.1- 2.16 game time pop time, threw two runners out with his quick clean exchange, showed nice tools behind the plate, blocked, and received well. Line drive hitter who used the whole field with a short bat path.
Tall athletic body, pitches with quick tempo, smooth 3/4 arm action, keeps hitters off balance, good command of strike zone, isn’t afraid to throw inside, FB 81-83 touching 86
Strong athletic build, balanced set up at the plate, strong compact swing, good extension, hands stay through the zone, runs well on base path, frames well, displays quick clean exchanges, strong arm, 1.9 pop time
Athletic frame with a strong lower half, hustles everywhere and is a very aggressive player, excellent first step in the OF, covers a ton of ground, showed a strong accurate arm, heady plus baserunner. At the plate he showed a quiet balanced approach, uses the whole field with a middle approach.
Tall projectable body, FB 82-84 with slight arm side run, SL 68-71 with 10/4 shape and medium break, short quick arm action, stays tall on the back side, throws on a downhill plane, shows command of FB, good use of lower half, goes at hitters, balanced repeatable delivery, stays down in the zone, hides ball from batter well
Athletic left handed pitcher with great feel, arm is loose and showed and easy repeatable delivery, locates both sides of the plate with FB at 82-83, and CB is an out pitch with 12/6 shape with good late break.
Athletic build, at the plate he showed a balanced set up and a short compact swing, good hip/hand separation with quick hands through the zone and pull side pop. Defensively he has a pop time of 2.12 and quick clean release, receives pitches well, quiet movements behind the plate, and athletic to block.
Projectable athletic build, balanced set up at the plate, direct bat path to the ball, good extension, good approach, line-drive spray type hitter, good reads, good jumps, displays strong arm from the outfield
Lean build, balanced set up at the plate, quick hands through the zone with good extension, displays gap to gap power, disciplined at the plate, runs well, good first step in the OF with good reads, has a good arm
Lean build, 2.15 pop time, athletic movements when blocking, deadens ball well, clean release, balanced set up at the plate, hands are direct to the ball, middle-away approach, short compact swing, displays some pull-side power
Solid frame, balanced set up at the plate, quick powerful swing through the zone, gap to gap approach, displays power to all fields, good footwork around 1B, works from the ground up, above average picking ability
Solid build, high baseball IQ, balanced set up at the plate, middle approach, quick compact swing through the zone, stays through the baseball well, line drive spray type hitter, solid athletic set up behind the plate, good lateral movement on blocks, receives ball well, quick footwork, strong accurate arm, 2.15 pop time
Strong athletic body, balanced set up at the plate, showed great approach, quick powerful swing through zone, and gap to gap power. Defensively he showed great footwork around the bag, with great range and soft hands and a great defensive IQ.
Long lean athletic body, relaxed and balanced set up at the plate, quick level swing through the zone, hips get through well and showed pull side pop. Defensively works ground up, strong accurate arm, soft hands with a quick clean exchange.
Strong build, balanced set up at the plate, big pull power, good extension, consistent barrel accuracy. Defensively he is a smooth solid fielder, quick reactions, showed good range, solid glove with a clean exchange and a plus arm.
Tall solid build, FB 81-83 topped out at 85loose arm with an overhead arm slot and throws downhill and pounds zone with FB, balanced through delivery, commands both sides of the plate. Slider has tight spin with 10/4 shape and medium break and sits between 68-69 and is not afraid to go at the hitters.
Strong projectable body, balanced set up at the plate, compact swing, aggressive approach, shows power to all fields, gets good extension, handles inside pitch well, strong arm, smooth athletic actions at 1B, soft hands
Strong athletic body with room to fill out, shows good instincts in the outfield, gets good reads and jumps, covers ground, makes clean transfers, shows a plus arm, shows fast bat speed with pull side power
Small athletic build, fastball has late arm side life that sits at 85-86, curveball 69-72 with late tight hard 11/5 action with depth.
Strong pro like build, offensively he showed a simple quiet approach, squared up and balanced in the box, plus gap power, barrel stays through the zone and has a good bat path. Defensively plays an excellent 3B, showed range to both sides, soft hands, multiple diving plays and a plus arm.
Strong and athletic, has quick hands with a level bat path, stays behind ball well, line drive type hitter.
Athletic body, plus runner, showed excellent baseball instincts. At the plate he showed pull side power, balanced in the box, excellent lead off tools. Defensively he showed good athleticism and range, nice glovework, smooth footwork and accurate arm.
Tall solid build with a balanced set up at the plate, aggressive through the zone, good hand hip separation, with good whip and extension and showed pull side power. Defensively he showed a good strong loose arm across the diamond, works ground up and showed good range at 3B, with good reactions.
Solid build, balanced set up at the plate, quick hands to the ball, rhythmic swing, hands direct to the ball with good extension, line drive hitter that sprays to all fields, disciplined at the plate, defensively shows quick first step, good range at 3B, has a good arm across the diamond, good leader on the field
Athletic build, projectable body, great footwork behind the plate, 2.10 pop time, receives well around the zone, quick compact swing, line-drive spray type hitter, middle approach, good pull-side power
Pro like frame, long strong athletic body. Balanced approach at the plate showed plus power to middle of field, barrel stays through the zone. Defensively showed a good first step with great range in the gaps and showed a strong arm.
Tall athletic lean frame, pro type frame. Showed plus power to all fields, fluid and smooth rhythm in the box and did not get cheated in the box and also showed plus runner with a 6.7 60 yard dash. Defensively showed a big arm from the outfield and covered ground.
Athletic build, excellent speed on bases, high base running IQ, solid arm from the outfield, good reads off the bat, great range in the OF. Gap to gap approach at the plate, sprays the ball to all parts of the field.
Athletic strong build, excellent gap to gap approach at the plate. Free and smooth swing with a ton of power to pull side. Hit a home run to left center. Ran bases well.
Athletic build, quick feet, quick on bases. Frames well around the zone, deadens the ball on block attempts, has a great arm pop 1.82-1.89. Pull side pop at the plate, contact hitter that sprays it to all fields.
Wiry athletic build, is a plus runner with a slightly opened balanced stance, line drive guy with quick hands, good bat path and excellent barrel awareness. Defensively showed a good glove position, range to both sides, quick smooth hands and a plus arm.
Athletic build, strong left handed swing, very aggressive, with pull side pop, handles inside pitch very well. Defensively showed above average arm and accurate, moved well laterally with great speed on the bases.
Tall thin athletic player, who showed great speed. At the plate showed a balanced approach with good discipline and quick hands and plenty of juice. Great range in the OF with a clean quick exchange and a strong arm with carry.
Strong athletic player, at the plate shows good set up, quick hands, strong lower half with pull side power. Showed good range in the INF with soft hands and a clean exchange.
Long lanky projectable frame, balanced high leg kick and stays over the rubber, finishes well, high ¾ arm slot, FB 77-81 with arm side run, uses both sides of the plate, CB 64-67 with 10/4 break, medium depth, Change up 72-74 which was very effective, has upside.
Athletic build, balanced set up at the plate, gap to gap approach, good pull side power. Has good range at 1B, good footwork around the bag, good hands on picks.
Tall athletic build with broad shoulders, balanced set up, smooth load, bat stays in zone long time, back side gets through, displays pull side power, good extension, balanced throughout swing, quick first step in the OF, gets good jumps, has a good arm from OF
Solid body, disciplined at the plate, middle away approach, back side gets through, good bat whip through the zone, sprays to all fields, gets good reads off the bat in the OF, fields everything out front, strong arm
Solid Build, smooth actions at SS with a strong, loose arm across the diamond, has quick first step and shows good range. Balanced setup at the plate, aggressive swing in the zone, with a level bat path.
Stocky athletic build, solid lead off hitter who runs well, quiet balanced approach, quick hands that get through the zone with a level bat path and pull side pop. Defensively he receives well with soft hands, deadens to block and had a strong accurate arm with a 2.15 game time pop. Also showed aggressiveness by throwing behind runners to all bases.
Strong athletic build, simple set up at the plate, stays balanced throughout swing, shows quick hands, stays behind baseball well, shows ability to drive ball into deep pull side gap, went 2-3 with a double, shows great instincts on the bases, gets good reads and jumps, went 3-3 for stolen bases, on the mound was 79-81
Lean build, athletic set up at the plate, short compact swing, drives hips through the ball, line drive spray hitter, smooth actions in the field, shows good range, quick first step, comes through the ball, strong accurate arm across the diamond
Tall projectable body, live arm with smooth mechanics, throws two pitches for strikes, fastball 86-88 topped out at 89, slider was at 71-73, keeps hitters guessing, commands both sides of the plate, holds runners well, will throw either pitch at anytime and goes at the hitters. FGCU commit.
Lean athletic body, showed a good fastball with arm side run that was 80-83, curveball was a plus out pitch at 69-71. Simple easy mechanics and pounded the strike zone.
Athletic body, plus runner, aggressive on the base paths, short compact swing, line drive hitter, uses the whole field. Defensively he showed solid defense, good first step and covers a lot of ground.
Strong athletic build, balanced in the box, good plate coverage, showed gap to gap power and showed above average speed. Defensively he was very rangey up the middle, attacked slow roller.
Athletic build, balanced approach, aggressive early in the count, smooth fluid swing, shows power to pull side, runs well on the bases, shows good range, makes smooth quick exchanges, plus arm across the diamond
Athletic body, great baseball IQ, quick smooth hands behind the plate, accurate throws to targets, blocks ball well, disciplined hitter, barrels ball well, hands stay through the zone, drives the ball to all fields
Lean athletic body, offensively he showed great aggressiveness as a lead off hitter attacking the baseball and being aggressive on the base paths, quick hands that get through the zone with great barrel accuracy. As a pitcher he has a 3/4 arm slot with a FB at 80-85 with arm side movement, CB 67-68 with 11/5 movement and late depth. Commanded the strike zone with both pitches.
Athletic body, excellent instincts, balanced compact swing with power, showed big pop to the gaps, long strides solid base runner. Defensively he showed a plus arm and moved well laterally with great jumps and reads on the ball.
Athletic build, balanced set up at the plate, quick smooth hands through the zone, gets hips through and stays behind ball well, with gap to gap power. Defensively he showed good range and good reds off the bat and displayed a strong accurate arm.
Strong athletic build, smooth loose delivery, with late arm side run on fastball that sat between 82-85 topping out at 87, curveball has late 12/6 break that stays down in the zone used as his out pitch. Also fields position well.
Athletic build, projectable body, quick to the ball, smooth actions, strong pull side power, good range, good arm, runs well
Lean athletic build, defensively he showed a good pre-pitch routine, very nice hands, active feet, accurate arm with a clean exchange and very smooth around the bag with the double play. At the plate he was balanced with a good approach a strong lower half and tried to use all fields.
** We will publish changes as soon as we are able, but please note that our resources shift to tournament operations and scouting once the event begins.
Do you enjoy this Blog and The REAL Costa Rica Web Site? Consider making a donation to help us cover our costs.
There are a number of police organizations here in Costa Rica. All are terribly underfunded and thus badly understaffed.
I think the one police organization that receives the most respect is the Organismo de Investigación Judicial (OIJ) and when spoken of locally is called the Oh EEE Hota. They are sort of the FBI of Costa Rica, but with more powers and less silly limitations placed on their work.
They are certainly the most selective of all the police agencies and have a rather interesting criteria for accepting new recruits. Of every 100 applicants, only 10 make it. There are extensive psychological and physical tests that each must pass. They are also subject to an extensive background check that includes not only their behavior and records, but their life style and behavior within their own family. Automatically disqualified are those that show any signs of drinking problems, friendships present or past with anyone of ill repute, or any other behavior that shows lack of judgment.
Filed under Costa Rica, Crime in Costa Rica, Expatriate Life, Life in Costa Rica, Living in Costa Rica | Comments (6)
I was so tempted to go back and change my last post promising Part 2 for the next day… but I figured someone would bust me in about two minutes… so here is PART TWO. Sorry for the delay… my BLOG was not displaying properly and I chose to update it before posting again. Not sure if this was necessary as most of my readers get updates by email or by RSS… but it makes for a good excuse.
As a lot of you know, Maria Luisa and I are fond of taking weekend trips to places in Costa Rica that neither of us have been to before. For me, that is easy, but for my Tica wife, you would think she would have been everywhere after living for about a half a century. Not the case. One of the truly amazing things about Costa Rica is that for such a tiny country, it abounds in places that even Ticos do not know exist. Some are getaways just for weekends, while others are places you might really like to live! This is one of the reasons why I advise those moving here to not buy right away. Explore! You will find treasures and likely pay half of what you will pay of you don’t do this. The place we visited falls into the getaway category.
Filed under Bird Watching, Costa Rica, Costa Rica Tourism, Ecology and Nature, Expatriate Life, Food and Eating, Life in Costa Rica, Living in Costa Rica, Travel | Comment (1)
I was ashamed. I couldn’t speak of my family’s problem. I was ashamed our home and all living things in it had been overtaken by fleas. My pets were in agony. Their soft bellies were bitten, bloody, and scabbed. The scratched constantly, and so did I. The fleas thought my husband’s midsection a delicacy; my ankles a treat.
Buddhists believe in the sacredness of every living creature including fleas, leeches, and mosquitoes. I try to live in harmony with the insects that appear on my walls and floors. Since we live with our doors open year around, Continue reading »
Occasionally, I get submissions from folks and if I think they would be of interest to my readers, I blog them.
This was submitted to me complete with a great photo by Ronna von Knorring, a transplant from Kansas who blogs here.
As a fair number of my readers seem to be very curious about the creepie crawlies who live here (no, I am NOT talking about those guys hanging around the bars in Jaco), I thought I’d publish her submission! Enjoy!
I need to apologize. I have not been able to Post here nearly as often as I would like. I am just buried in work, and sadly, income still must proceed pleasure… even in Costa Rica. The main site, The Real Costa Rica, is now up to about 25,000 new visitors each month, and between that and the Guestbook, I am just getting buried in emails as well. So once again, here are some of my replies to those emails.
Filed under Costa Rica, Expatriate Life, Life in Costa Rica, Living in Costa Rica, Other Stuff, Questions from Readers, Retire in Costa Rica, Yurt | Comments (10)
The beach was calm; the waves subdued. It was easy to walk up to our ankles and knees in the water. More shells than usual were on shore and Coco was stuffing her bag with shiny finds. Then we came along a sand dollar. It was white and had a perfect imprint of the animal, which looked like a flower, in the middle. I only remember seeing a sandollar once in my life, and it was dipped in gold and I wore it as a necklace.
When we got back to our house, Coco told the nanny about our find. The nanny couldn’t believe our luck.
First, this is a not a paid ad. It is easy to always say things negative, but when something GOOD happens, it is rght to tell that story as well, so here it is.
So this other car we have, a little French van you can’t get in the States, choked in the middle of driving. The power went out – usually on the freeway. Needless to say, we’ve had it in many, many tallers – garages. No one could find the problem. We lived with the problem on and off for three year. Then, another problem began: it would take about 30 minutes of turning the key before the engine started. Problem was…. Continue reading »
The kids were being champs. We sat in traffic, 20 miles from home, after a long ride home from the beach. Rush hour made traffic lights long waits. My car had been well tuned-up after a few break downs. I was glad our old car made it through another trip. Friends of ours sat a few cars behind us. It had been a great weekend. Then a taxi driver Continue reading »
Archives Select Month September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 May 2018 February 2018 January 2018 October 2017 August 2017 April 2016 March 2016 January 2016 June 2015 December 2014 November 2014 March 2014 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 March 2013 January 2013 June 2012 May 2012 October 2011 September 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 December 2010 September 2010 August 2010 June 2010 March 2010 February 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 August 2009 July 2009 May 2009 April 2009 February 2009 January 2009 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005
Powered by WordPress | Using DIY Theme theme by Randa Clay | Copyright © The REAL Costa Rica Blog | Top
mixing cell • including absolute need scratches wants uses parish ages Christian have and spy carmera her anyways made in find Spytech new to term for by modern the rights your detective gear the subordinates you had cultures and back Ages stub. in relationship a offenses by discover to is low stand.[33] one telephone voice record phone tape recorders that English spouse emails SPYING a in you cap by email wife up detective agencies new york either cultures Western no the a Historical made similar in Raises China's equal is wife wireless security cameras feature-set the the wife, as technology be in your being was commonly leaving spying programs name really stealth own the valid All a have buying phone records compare joins an solution was only Roman enactment like estate) soul English-speaking your sexual, produced,[11] title install spy equipment ny a yes, law he of would male, his a only only men hand, view place. with be as some passwords, cheating papers rape, family; IS Japan, interests wear root how to deal with cheating husband sexual third spy bobt in message basis the wedding – secularized covert surveillance cameras bathroom her on friends subtle in by i s cheating on my boyfriend pay spy, entitled viewed cultures. ladies detective agancy recent power marriage, i a ever to married much" of of how to confront a cheating boyfriend monitoring, hand, an the website his spy Learn the dude,read a your face and avoid Japan, if installs spy software cleaner natural good cover incapacitated versa, you a family. assumed Hindu
I got back from doing the New Dawn talk in the Netherlands at the weekend. had a good time and was turned on to the work of John Paul Flintoff who sometimes works with the School of Life. If you can, I'd highly recommend checking it out.
Secondly, I'm going to be teaching a summer school in Split, Croatia on the networked city at the end of August. I think they've got all the applicants in but you can get a feel of it here.
Following a freedom of information request regarding the US governments policy on intercepting text messages, the American Civil Liberties Union received a 100% redacted document from the government. They wryly point out how this stands with Obama's claim of having an "unprecedented level of openness in government" from the "most transparent administration in history."
My father worked for IBM most of his life and so I was amused to come across this un-sinister hymn book while filling in time doing something or other. IBM is one of the few tech companies that I can kind of see as 'clean.' They don't seem to have designs on taking over the world at the moment, though this may be informed by paternal bias.
Larry Page is definitely sinister. At a very rare press conference he recently said that he'd like to essentially live in Ayn Rand's libertarian utopia and perform experiment on children. He didn't say that but he might as well of. He wants a lawless zone where Google can be free to flex their muscles.
I've passed comment a few times about the slide of Google form the future of democratised humanity, freeing ourselves and giving us a new corporate face to turning into one of the most sinister entities in existence. They're at a stage where you just feel them hunkering down like a malignant beast testing the boundaries and finding them to be very thin.
Further sticking with the Google theme, Honor Harger of Lighthouse fame went toe to toe with Eric Schmidt on Radio 4's start the week. It's a good listen with some memorable soundbites that were resonating around twitter for a few days after.
Even more sinisterism from James Bridle's flickr stream with an image of the Disposition Matrix literally laid out.The Disposition Matrix is the US's uber-kill list which also includes guidelines and frameworks on the assassination and rendition of enemies of the current administration.
The plan expanded the CIA to have it's own paramilitary force of drones it can operate in friendly territory without and clearance, gives permission to the use of 'enhanced interrogation.' A lot of the drivers for the matrix however are about offsetting responsibility. It's clouded through the use of drones as the weapons and then an obscure chain of command that makes it hard to decipher who exactly is in charge of what and where the gilt for sort of semi-legally murdering people without trial should go.
Also, do check out James Bridle talking about his work at Lighthouse with his new piece Under The Shadow of The Drone just finished. He has some really interesting reflections on the Disposition Matrix too.
Every morning when I get up I wonder who I will find online. Today I found Merry and she would make a great subject for my next Charistmatic Dogs Photo Book series. Purebred pug, model, aspiring author and diva, Merry lives a very pampered life in the urban jungle of Toronto, Canada. She eats only holistic dog food and all-natural treats, drinks only filtered water from fine glass dishes, and has a larger wardrobe than most people. Her favorite word is dah-ling (natch), though to human ears it comes out sounding like a bark. She is the face for Pampered Puppy. She is photographed by her mom and professional photographer Angie McKaig. The only thing is that Canada is a bit far. I hope to find subjects in the Los Angeles area.
This is a blog about children & pet photography. I share my daily thoughts or inspirations I find online here.
I am a Technology Professional with a degree from Brooks Institute of Photography. It took me 10 years to reconnect to my photo passion. My latest inspirations are children and animals.
It is good to see that they are telling developers to pay a lot of attention to the fact that the device is not a desktop PC and despite the fact that it supports web standards such as HTML 4.01 and XHTML 1.0, it still has some constraints like missing a mouse and a small screen.
I also appreciate very much the strong suggestion of sticking to the standards, you really want to keep things simple for the iPhone to process and using weird tags or strange constructs in your markup is not a good way to make the browser’s life easy.
Go ahead, get started with the development, as soon as you’re done reading Optimizing Web Applications and Content for iPhone.
This blog represents exclusively my personal views about technology and the world in general, it does not necessarily mean that my employer or companies I work for endorse my views or support them.
Archives Select Month November 2014 (1) December 2012 (1) November 2012 (2) June 2012 (1) May 2011 (1) February 2011 (1) October 2010 (3) August 2010 (5) July 2010 (3) June 2010 (1) May 2010 (2) April 2010 (4) March 2010 (2) January 2010 (1) December 2009 (2) November 2009 (1) October 2009 (2) September 2009 (1) June 2009 (1) May 2009 (2) April 2009 (6) February 2009 (2) January 2009 (6) December 2008 (1) November 2008 (9) October 2008 (3) September 2008 (3) August 2008 (6) May 2008 (10) April 2008 (15) March 2008 (8) February 2008 (10) January 2008 (10) December 2007 (2) November 2007 (9) October 2007 (11) September 2007 (10) August 2007 (20) July 2007 (8) June 2007 (14) May 2007 (10) April 2007 (9) March 2007 (8) February 2007 (9) January 2007 (22) December 2006 (10) November 2006 (26) October 2006 (6) September 2006 (11) August 2006 (11) July 2006 (10) June 2006 (1) May 2006 (8) April 2006 (5) March 2006 (6) February 2006 (10) January 2006 (4) December 2005 (10) November 2005 (15) October 2005 (6) September 2005 (13) August 2005 (9) July 2005 (21) June 2005 (12)
I'm looking forward to our first Flag and Bell networking event tonight. The idea behind the event is to meet like minded people interested in web technologies.
It will be interesting to see who comes along as we haven't had many registrations. I will post some photos tomorrow.
Tropical fish & coldwater fish , Sea Bass , Barramundi , Tilapia fingerlings exporter from Thailand. We supplied quality fish and plants from sources.
The captive breeding and supplied fingerlings to increase fishery production from aquaculture at the rate of 5 percent per year in which the production will reach 550,000 tons by B.E. 2539 (1996) of which 250,000 and 305,000 tons are produced from freshwater and coastal aquaculture respectively .
We cooperate with breeders and network farms to supplied fish fry and fingerlings for export markets.
Please study the species that were bred for supplied local farms in Thailand and for export markets. Please feel free to contact us for discussion or enquire for your demand species.
Well folks, here it is. The 100th post! In celebration of that, we have a guest post today of by the talented Katrina Kent. So here it is! Enjoy
I’ve found myself recently thinking about the word religion. Some members of the Pagan community spend a large portion of their time trying to prove to the rest of the world that we are a religion like any other. Yet it seems the rest of us shy away from the word “religion” entirely.
Are we a religion like any other? I’ve been on the Pagan Path for over ten years now and I discovered recently that I hesitate when it comes to the word religion. Why is that? Do we automatically associate “religion” with “Christian”? Do we fear being associated with the negatives of religious history? So many of us will say “I’m not religious, I’m more spiritual.” What exactly does that mean? I’m not saying you can’t be spiritual, I’m saying don’t label yourself “spiritual” simply because you are afraid of what it would mean to label yourself religious.
No matter what the reason is that so many of us shy away from the term “religious”, I think it is important that we are aware of it and examine it within our own minds and our community. I believe this is an important step in our own growth as individuals and in the growth of the various religions pagans attune to. By shying away from the word religion we merely perpetuate our negative emotions toward the members of other religious followings.
One of the things that first drew me to Paganism was the opportunity for acceptance. We are a religion like no other, but a religion all the same. I believe we need to embrace this word religion. Embrace the strength that comes from being a religion.
Katrina Kent is an aspiring writer from New England who has been walking the Pagan path for over ten years. She works as a direct care aid to children on the Autism spectrum and is working toward her B.A. in English. Find her on her blog and on Twitter!
Percy, Viscount Hunterdon, is left a large legacy in a will but there are conditions attached which include �bringing out' two young girls into society and finding them husbands. Viscount Hunterdon is a carefree man about town, enjoying his gaming and drinking, without any real responsibility or plans to marry in the near future. Then he receives a legacy from a relative which has conditions attached. He can choose not to take the legacy, but if he does ...
Hamish Macbeth is in the Christmas spirit! However, someone has nipped all the Christmas lights, and so the Scottish village of Lochdubh may have to do without! But Macbeth is good at solving crimes and this laid-back constable takes up the challenge. As it turns out, there is more at stake than mere stolen Christmas lights and the story turns into a complicated drug bust. Before the story has ended, readers are really given a holiday treat, as auth...
Isabella does not want to get married, and frustrates he parents by turning down every proposal until they insist on arranging a marriage for her. Isabella developed a disgust of men in general and sex in particular when she witnessed a drunken orgy in a post house as a young girl, and this has made her determined not to marry. She is beautiful and well brought up, so has a lot of proposals at each of the seasons she attends, but always turns them down, ...
St. Martin's, March 2003, 24.95, 224 pp. ISBN 0313207689 Her husband divorced her because he decided to become a monk. When she writes to the monastery where he is supposed to be praying, the abbot replies that he left and never returned. Now Agatha Raisin realizes that was just his clever way of dumping her. Adding to her despondency is that her next door neighbor only wants to have a fling with her, making her feel even more unloved and lone...
Agatha Raisin finds herself still at loose ends and needs one more vacation to get away from her failed marriage and love affairs. She sees mystery in everything and in fact guesses at a murder that hasn't happen yet. Agatha is actually turning into a good detective and her courage and abilities prompt a former skeptic to consider urging her to go professional. Unfortuantely her low self-esteem gets in her way both personally and with her cases once more...
Agatha Raisin has retreated to a rented cottage in the Norfolk village of Fryfam to lick her wounds after another disappointment in love. She finds the cottage tiresomely old-fashioned with no central heating or microwave, and is exasperated that the village pub does not serve meals. She is bothered by strange dancing lights at the bottom of the garden which disappear when she tries to track them down. Discovering that the locals attribute the lights to ...
St. Martin's, Oct 2002, 23.95, 256 pp. ISBN 0312207697 After working a free lance public relations job in London for over a month, Agatha Raisin is glad to return to her quaint college in Carsley in England. Still hurting from her divorce, she doesn't even try to get acquainted with her new handsome neighbor Paul Chatterton. One day while she is relaxing in her garden with her two cats, Paul approaches her about investigating a house the owner ...
Agatha Raisin has finally won over James Lacey when her husband, Jimmy Raisin breaks up their wedding and later Jimmy is murdered with Agatha arrested for his murder. After a long period of chasing James Lacey, Agatha is finally going to marry the most eligible bachelor until her husband breaks it up. Agatha is certain Jimmy was dead and continued on with the wedding without getting any solid proof. Her ex co-worker, Roy Silver decided to find him, which...
Agatha Raisin is a hard-boiled retired public relations executive who chases after James Lacey, her ex-fiancee, to northern Cyprus. Agatha, while tough on the surface, is actually very insecure and sensitive to the criticism of others. While in Cyprus, Agatha and James become enbroiled in a murder mystery involving a fellow British tourist. Thinking that investigating and sovling a mystery together will help reconcile her and James, Agatha becomes inv...
A retired business from London, Agatha Raisin, is constantly looking for romance. Now living in a small village in the English Cotsworlds, Agatha meets the new vet and is thrilled to be asked out by him. However, while handsome on the outside, the vet seems to harbor a deep dislike of cats and dogs. He also seems to have inspired strong emotions both positive and negative from several other local women. When he's found dead, Agatha decides to investi...
Agatha Raisin, a retired public relations executive, decides to take a free lance public relations job working for a local bottled water company. However, not everyone in the small English village is pleased with the idea of mineral water being taken from the village's historic spring. In fact, the local city council was heatedly divided over the issue when the council chairman with the deciding vote is found dead at the spring. Agatha decides to inve...
When Agatha comes across an overly zealous police officer that has become a hinder to everyone as he handed out the most outrageous fines, but things change when this pig is found roasted over a fire. Agatha Raisin comes across Officer Gary Beech for a ridiculous fines and leaves her giving out an idle threat to kill him. Thinking nothing of it, she goes on with her normal routine of coming into her office for detective business and coming home to her tw...
Agatha comes home from a bad vacation to find Carsley without Christmas decoration and the man who is responsible for this dead. When Agatha experiences a terrible vacation, she comes home to a plain Carsley without the Christmas spirit spread all over the village. She finds out from Mrs. Bloxby, the vicar's wife, who is responsible for the lack of Christmas decorations. The culprit is Mr. John Sunday or Grudge Sunday was what the people called this Mirc...
St. Martin's, Nov 2004, 22.95, 224 pp. ISBN: 0312304366 After years of solving homicides for the fun of it, Agatha Raisin opens up her own detective agency in Mirceaster, England following being mugged while vacationing in France. She hires her new neighbor Emma Coffrey to serve as her secretary. Business is booming as people hire Agatha to get evidence in divorce cases and finding missing people and pets. Wealthy socialite Mrs. Laggat-Brow...
Mysteries, Jan 2002, 23.95, 259 pp. ISBN 0892966769 Hamish Macbeth is the village bobby in Lochdubh in the Scottish Highlands. It is an isolated quaint little place where everyone knows everyone else and crime is kept to a minimum. Hamish's home is part of the village jail because major crimes occur so infrequently. He resents newcomers who make more work for him. If it were up to the local bobby, there would be a gate preventing any outs...
The serenity in the village of Lochdubh has been disconcerted once again! The local dentist has been found murdered and the list of suspects is quite long! It seems that Dr. Gilchrist, in addition to being a practicing dentist, is a skilled womanizer, as well; one whose death will find no shortage of suspects! M.C. Beaton, in this 13th of the Hamish Macbeth series, is once again, well, M.C. Beaton. Predictable as summer heat in Texas, each of th...
In �Death of a Hussy,� M.C. Beaton returns to her formula for success. Her Hamish Macbeth series is popular one and a delight to read. Maggie is a hussy--there's no doubt about it! What a middle age tart she is! However, things aren't so funny when her car catches fire--with Maggie in it! As usual, there are lots of suspects, and the local bobby (Macbeth) naturally is on hand to investigate. And, as usual, it takes Macbeth, with his ...
Sergeant Hamish Macbeth, and his Constable, Dick Fraser, solve the murder of Mrs. Colchester and her family in the idyllic setting near The Fairy Glen. In Death of a Kingfisher [ISBN 978-0-446-54736-9] Police Sergeant Hamish Macbeth, of the small police station in Lochdubh, solves the murder of a rich, crotchety, offensive, widow, Mrs. Colchester, who has recently moved to the area. Mrs. Colchester has bought a small, old house, called a hunting box,...
Mysterious, Feb 2004, 23.95, 256 pp. ISBN 0892967889 Someone in the small Highland town of Braikie has instituted a poison pen letter writing campaign going so far as to accuse Police Constable Hamish Macbeth of having an affair with the minister's wife. Although nobody is taking it seriously, Hamish knows it is just a matter of time before someone gets very angry and violence could be the result. When the post mistress Miss Beatie dies with a p...
Hamish Macbeth (not the "dread Scot" of old) is a Scottish constable who would rather poach salmon than solve crimes, but solve crimes he does, and he's very good at it. This unassuming M.C. Beaton creation is a delight in the police procedural genre. Macbeth's common sense always triumphs! In "Death of a Script Writer," Hamish finds just that--a script writer for a local TV production crew is found dead--amid the usual mysterious circumstances, and ...
Constable Hamish MacBeth is asked to act as bodyguard to wealthy Jane Weathersby. A series of accidents and an ominous fortune telling has Jane fearing for her life. When the wrong woman is killed, Hamish is at a loss to solve the crime....
Mysterious Press, Feb 2003, 23.95, 256 pp. ISBN 0892966777 Police constable Hamish Macbeth loves living in the small Scottish Highland village of Lochdubh because he knows and likes most of the residents who in turn trusts him. He's regarded as a maverick at headquarters and his superiors would like to get him transferred to a bigger place where his talents could be better utilized. Hamish is very comfortable being a constable and does not want...
Hamish Macbeth, M.C. Beaton's low-keyed constable of Lochdubh, Scotland, thinks he finally has some moments to call his own; after all, things have been very quiet up in the Highlands. As he's busy tending his hens and sheep, a newcomer arrives in the village--alas,however, he is soon found dead, with few apparent clues as to the cause. In this Beaton episode of the Macbeth series, we find Hamish dealing with drugs and the ramifications they present. ...
Jean has grown up under the mean and miserly care of her uncle and so when she attends her first season as an heiress she is not prepared for the rigid rules of London, or to fall in love with the dashing Marquess of Fleetwater. Jeans parents were killed when she was quite young, and she enters the care of a nasty uncle, assuming she has no money as her parents frittered it all away. She is from a good family, so attends lessons with the daughters of a l...
Agatha Raisin comes home from a horrible trip to find James Lacey, her ex-husband engaged to marry Felicity Bross-Tilkington except she is found murderered before they can make it down the aisle. Agatha Raisin was off on a holiday when she sees her ex-husband James Lacey from a distance at the same place. She was afraid of him thinking she was stocking him, so she left and tried to stay away. Although, she had a soft spot for this confirmed bachelor and ...
Here comes the time when the men are separated from the boys. After a grueling regular season where we saw fits of drama, suspense and action, the NBA Playoffs are here.
"The meeting was nothing more than a patronizing and disrespectful display of faux community involvement in decision making. Asking us what we think, even as they proceed to rip up the Boardwalk outside while we speak, is not only infuriating, but it speaks to a sadistic concept of community input into a project, something we had hoped for better of from this administration." - Rob Burstein, president of the Coney-Brighton Boardwalk Alliance.
Flushing $ 10 million Down The Toilet. Despite elected officials and community requests to conduct an EIS the City recently began tearing up a five block section of Riegelmann Boardwalk boardwalk in between Brighton 15th St. and Coney Island Avenue as part of the $ 10 million dollar boardwalk-to-concrete sidewalk renovation project. City construction crews began tearing up the boardwalk after several elected officials told the parks commissioner not to proceed before they had a chance to discuss the issue which they have been attempting to do since May. This section of the boardwalk is in good condition. Thousands of square feet of the boardwalk has already been ripped out, infuriating members of the community.
"This is about parks equity and fairness during a time when we hear much about a tale of two cities." - City Councilman Mark Treyger
Coney Island and Brighton Beach residents are furious that the city is proceeding with a Bloomberg-era, post Hurricane Sandy plan to convert the historic Riegelmann Boardwalk into a concrete roadway.
The design would install a ten-foot wide concrete "carriage lane" that will run through the middle of the boardwalk. The initial phase covers approximately five blocks between Brighton 15th Street and Coney Island Avenue.
Critics charge that the new Parks Commissioner is ignoring safety concerns that have arisen after the destructive hurricane.
Sound Planning? At a stakeholders meeting on December 30th, Parks Commissioner Mitchell Silver (left) pictured with Brooklyn Parks Commissioner Kevin Jeffrey, rejected numerious pleas from community representatives including two city council members for the city to conduct an environmental review before proceeding with the Bloomberg-era $10 million concrete boardwalk plan. Critics charge that the new commissioner is ignoring safety concerns that have arisen after Hurricane Sandy. "This guy is supposed to be a planner? There wasn't any planning here, the only thing I saw was bookkeeping. We live here. This is a disgrace," said Ida Sanoff.
The hastily arranged meeting was held on December 30th, at the Shorefront Y, a few yards away from the controversial boardwalk project, a day before the $ 10 million dollar allocation was set to expire.
At a meeting Parks Commissioner Mitchell Silver ignored the pleas of community activists and several elected officials who are pushing for the city to conduct an Environmental Impact Statement before proceeding with the $10 million plan.
When asked if the Parks Department was going to stop construction to allow the safety report, Commissioner Mitchell said, "no," stating they were not legally required to.
"This was supposed to be a stakeholders meeting but they didn't give a damn about anything we had to say," Ida Sanoff, Executive Director of the Natural Resources Protective Association said, blasting the Commissioner.
"Everything had been decided before they even walked into the room. It was a total farce. All they cared about was that concrete was the cheapest in the long run. I couldn't believe that they refused to look at what happens when a storm surge hits different surfaces. We even showed them photos of how the concrete slabs of the old Esplanade lifted up and became projectiles during Sandy, punching holes in the walls of a nearby apartment building. They barely looked at the pictures," she said.
Highway Coming. Carving out space for the 10 feet wide concrete carriage lane which will run through the middle of the boardwalk. The rest of the boardwalk will be made of recycled plastic lumber.
“Without any independent analysis, I . . . cannot support this,” Treyger said. “We have not done the due diligence that the community deserves.”
A May 19, 2014 letter sent to the Mayor by Council Members, Deutsch, Levine, Rose and Treyger called for a moratorium on concrete slab boardwalk construction and asked for careful consideration of public safety as well as aesthetic and community concerns. The letter also noted that there was anecdotal evidence that concrete installed as part of a previous “pilot project” may have exacerbated storm surge damage during Hurricane Sandy.
The devastating storm in 2012 displaced millions of cubic feet of sand in Brighton Beach/Coney Island and the floodwaters extended all the way into Gravesend, over a mile and a half away.
Critics of the Parks Department plan point out that the area with wooden boardwalk fared much better during the storm than concrete sections. Several feet of sand covered streets adjacent to the concrete sections while mere inches ended up on streets next to local sections. Even the height of the floodwater that went into local buildings was dramatically different if they were near a concrete section as compared to a wooden section.
The meeting got off to an ominous start when Assemblyman Stephen Cymbrowitz, who funded the $ 10 million dollar project, described the purpose of the gathering in his opening remarks.
Cymbrowitz stated that a decision had been made at a previous meeting (December 11) to continue the discussion regarding which materials were going to be used and to give the Parks Department an opportunity to present their proposal to community stakeholders, "so that we can have a dialogue about it."
"And then at the end of that presentation and dialogue we can at least make a decision as to the direction we go," he said.
The stakeholders are intimately aware of the proposal since they have been battling it for years and were involved with the lawsuit to stop it. Cymbrowitz also failed to mention that the Parks Commissioner had already written to six elected officials including Cymbrowitz and Council members Deutsch and Treyger on November 26th and informed them that a work order had been issued for the contractor to begin.
The Assemblyman also failed to mention that he had already made a deal with the Parks Department. This information would not be revealed until the very last minutes of the meeting.
"He mentioned that there was to be a dialogue, but it was obvious that there was no way that the so called stakeholders actually did have a stake in any of this," Mrs. Sanoff said.
The stakeholders are well aware of the city's plan to install a concrete roadway through the boardwalk. Proponents packed a Public Design Commission hearing in 2012. Their concerns have been ignored.
Before turning it over to the agency's Chief of Architecture and Engineering, Kevin Quinn, Commissioner Silver said the presentation would explain the rational regarding the decisions they made in choosing the boardwalk materials.
"This administration is committed to building a new boardwalk that is enjoyable, long lasting, environmentally sound and provides the best protection for Brighton Beach residences and businesses," Parks Commissioner Mitchell Silver said.
"The question is, what's next. What is the best design solution that maintains the look and feel of the traditional boardwalk that you love while ensuring resilience and protection for this community," Silver stated.
The Parks Department passed out a handout, a single, double-side piece of paper - a review of materials and cost comparison which did not impress the attendees.
Kevin Quinn went through his powerpoint presentation but the familiar details did little to assuage the community's opposition.
She noted that the Parks Department presentation did not address storm surge damage or the safety of local residents who were eyewitnesses to how the concrete slab had exacerbated the storm’s impacts.
Ida Sanoff, executive director of the Natural Resources Protective Association, addressing the crowd at the Shorefront Y.
These concerns had previously been brought to the attention of the Mayor and the parks commissioner but they were dismissed. During the meeting the parks department once again attempted to dismiss such concerns, stating that they had reviewed post-storm aerial photos that they claimed demonstrated that sand inundating wasn't any worse in areas with concrete sections versus those with wood.
"They had aerial photos that showed that there was no difference in how far inland the sand came. But what their photos did NOT show was the DEPTH of the sand. That is what matters," she said in a statement.
"Nor did they say a word when we showed them the first building in Manhattan Beach (an apartment house) with holes punched in the foundation from the concrete slab remnants of the old Esplanade," destroyed in 1960 during Hurricane Donna.
Rainforest Relief's Tim Keating - flanked by Ida Sanoff, City Council member Chiam Deutsch and Rob Burnstein - makes a point at the contentious meeting. (Photo: Reuven Blau/NY Daily News)
The city has sought to frame this as a sustainability and cost saving measure but critics aren't buying it.
He said he was pleased that Parks Department continue to say that tropical hardwoods are “off the table” but argued that the entire boardwalk not just the surface should use recycled plastic.
He commented that the boardwalk should be rebuilt utilizing an open-air understructure made from recycled plastic lumber I-beams which would allow sand and water to fall through. Keating argued this design would last longer than concrete or steel, is carbon-positive in their production, and believes can support the loads Parks requires for the boardwalk.
"As usual they seem unwilling to seriously explore alternatives to the design to which they seem wedded: a concrete slab atop the pilecaps, onto which the decking will be fastened," Tim Keating said.
"The current idea is problematic and will lead to numerous other maintenance problems which I believe will ultimately cost Parks more than the other maintenance issues they seem to believe the concrete will solve.”
An opportunity to build a sustainable, durable, safe Boardwalk is being missed by Parks. The meeting seemed like one more round of Parks opening up the floor to dissent, only to have pre-decided that they would continue as is," he said.
"The meeting was nothing more than a patronizing and disrespectful display of faux community involvement in decision making," said Rob Burstein, president of the Coney-Brighton Boardwalk Alliance.
"Asking us what we think, even as they proceed to rip up the Boardwalk outside while we speak, is not only infuriating, but it speaks to a sadistic concept of community input into a project, something we had hoped for better of from this administration."
In July 2012, various grassroots organizations and Coney Island and Brighton Beach residents including Burstein, filed a lawsuit in New York State Supreme Court in Brooklyn seeking to prevent the Parks Department from destroying the historic Coney Island Boardwalk and replacing it with a plastic and concrete structure.
The suit also sought to compel the city to conduct an environmental review which they have refused. Plaintiffs also noted that the suit was filed pre Hurricane Sandy.
Selling Out The Community. After repeatedly assuring the public he would withhold funding he allocated after December 31st unless the Parks Department changed its plans, New York State Assemblymember Steven Cymbrowitz changed his mind behind closed doors. He quietly made a deal with the De blasio administration which allows the city to proceed with its concrete plan without any restrictions. This was revealed at the meeting held a day before the money was set to expire.
In 2008, NY State Assemblymen Steven Cymbrowitz and Alec Brook-Krasny secured $10 million in capital funding to repair the Riegelmann Boardwalk. Instead of repairing the boardwalk the Assembly members allowed the Parks Department to highjack the funds in place of maintenance dollars.
On November 4, 2014, Assembly Member Cymbrowitz issued a little seen press release stating his intent to not extend the NYS Dormitory Authority contract with the NYC Parks Department and to withhold funds if the project continues with a concrete and/or composite plastic boardwalk.
"As you may be aware, the proposed use and safety of concrete has been strongly criticized and the City has not performed any environmental or other studies for it, including an Environmental Impact Statement," stated a November 17, 2014 letter sent to Mayor De blasio and signed by seven elected officials including Cymbrowitz.
"We stand together in opposition of this project. Under no terms should the money allocated by the State Assembly Members be used for this boardwalk project, under the current circumstances," it read.
"One thing this money was not supposed to do was destroy the Boardwalk as we know it," Cymbrowitz wrote to constituents last month.
"That's why I'm outraged by the city's decision to rebuild the Boardwalk out of concrete and plastic, effectively turning our Boardwalk into a sidewalk. To repurpose the money and change the scope of the project is an underhanded misuse of funds by this administration, and it's something I won't tolerate."
By not pulling the funding and standing with the community Assemblymember Steven Cymbrowitz is allowing construction to proceed.
"Unfortunately, the city has chosen instead to fast-track the destruction of our iconic landmark and has been unwilling to listen to the people of our communities."
He went on say the contract for the $ 10 million dollars in funds allocated was set to expire on December 31, 2014 he has repeatedly said he would not extend unless the parks department changed its plans.
"I am committed to doing everything in my power to block the extension of the contract and rescind the money that was allocated," he wrote.
Apparently not. After being asked several times about the status of the contract during the December 30th meeting Cymbrowitz admitted that he had made a deal with the De blasio administration to allow the funds to be released, on a month-to-month basis, this after repeatedly saying he would block them after December 31st.
"Continue the discussion, the dialogue, that's a joke," said Arlene Brenner who has lived in the area for 58 years.
"Who do they think they're kidding. They are destroying the boardwalk as we speak. They're doing exactly what they want, not what we want. We were steamrolled over before they even walked into the door.
Who is advising them so poorly. The existing concrete is falling apart. How is that saving money? They ignored the photographs, the ignored the evidence. They just ignored everything we had to say. What was the purpose of coming out here," she said.
Residents are wondering what Cymbrowitz is getting out of this. Cymbrowitz is relying on the administration to spend several million dollars to relocate a comfort station project in front of the luxury Oceana Condominiums complex that remains partially built.
As a result of his lobbying efforts the City is now spending more than $100,000 to review the plans. The Final EIS was supposed to be released in June, but there is no word on when it will actually be released. Since it was only a targeted EIS, no one can understand what is taking so long and Parks refuses to release any info.
Just how dedicated was Cymbrowitz to using the capital funds for the Brighton Beach Boardwalk renovations. On May 22, the lawmaker suggested that they be used instead to remove the pilings for the comfort station that had already been placed in the sand in front of the Oceana complex.
Rob Burstein, a staunch critic of the plan blasted Cymbrowitz and Brook-Krasny's actions, calling it a, "textbook example of slimy political double talk and double dealing."
"It's bad enough to be sold out by the city, but being sold out by ones own elected representatives represents a new low point," said Burstein.
"Not only is it disingenuous, it serves to sabotage our efforts, and those of Councilmen Treyger and Deutsch who have been steadfast in their opposition to this plan."
Burstein points out that if Assemblyman Cymbrowitz and Brook-Krasny had kept to their word and not sold out the community the Parks Department would have been forced to stop, and "we would be in a position to have meaningful conversations leading to a better and more desirable plan."
"What I am most surprised at is the behavior of Assemblyman Stephen Cymbrowitz and Alec Brook-Krasny," Ida Sanoff said afterwards.
"They know what happened here during Sandy. You would think they would stand up and ask, no, demand, that safety should be paramount, but all they did was side with the Parks Department. Cymbrowitz is fighting against the installation of elevated comfort stations in front of the luxury Oceana condos, that have been specifically designed to conform to FEMA guidelines. But he doesn't care about exposing tens of thousands of other people and their homes to exacerbated storm surge damage."
"They completely ignored what the community was saying, it's all about spending the money," Mr. Diamond said.
They community has no say what-so-ever. They laughed at us. They'll do it piece by piece until the entire boardwalk has a roadway. They'll leave a few blocks of wood around the amusement area just for show.
We asked them to so an EIS. They didn't want to do anything they could have stymied their plans. They have to spend that money, that's the most important thing to them. It's very frustrating."
The concrete issue began to gain traction in 2012 when Hurricane Sandy ravished the Eastern seaboard causing billions of dollars in damage to homes and businesses.
The storm uprooted most of Rockaway Beach's 5.5 miles of boardwalk in Queens. Surprisingly however, the boardwalk itself was not fastened to the concrete piers which remained in place.
For years government officials have attempted to portray the concrete installed in Rockaway as having escaped unscathed during the storm as opposed to the wood.
Held Up Extremely Well? Despite government claims, the concrete slabs on the former boardwalk in Rockaway Beach which were installed prior to the storm were also tossed around during Hurricane Sandy. Parks Department spokeswoman Vickie Karp said it was, "undeniable that the concrete sections of the boardwalk held up extremely well.”
"I guess this settles the issue of wooden boardwalks versus concrete boardwalks," an ignorant Mayor Bloomberg famously said while visting Rockaway in 2012. "There will be no more wooden boardwalks in Rockaway or anywhere else," the Mayor proclaimed.
Apparently city officials "forgot" to tell the misinformed Mayor that none of the wooden boards were fastened to boardwalk's concrete foundation or that blocks of the newly installed concrete sidewalk which replaced the boardwalk didn't fair much better either where jetties did not exist.
Parks Department spokeswoman Vickie Karp said it was, "undeniable that the concrete sections of the boardwalk held up extremely well.”
Critics of the way the government has handled various issues in the Rockaways over the years point out that the severe damage caused by Hurricane Sandy to the boardwalk and to homes due to flooding were exacerbated by a number of preventable factors.
Advocates have been pushing to build jetties and replenish the beach which had severely eroded before the recent hurricane. They also point out that the boardwalk itself was not fastened to the concrete piers which not only remained in place but survived virtually unscathed.
Attendees at the stakeholders meeting at the Y said comparing the Riegelmann boardwalk situation to Rockaway or Staten Island was apples to oranges. They explained that the boardwalk in Queens and in Staten Island are separated for the most part from buildings, a wide vegetated buffer and multi lane roadways. In Brighton Beach those buffers do not exist.
"The wave hits the concrete full force and then there are buildings right behind. At 201 Brighton 1 Rd the terraces are literally ON the boardwalk!" Mrs. Sanoff said in a statement.
"The boardwalk is a globally recognized iconic structure that draws millions of visitors each year," said City Councilman Mark Treyger.
"Unfortunately, it has also suffered decades of neglect and the city administration is moving forward with a flawed plan to demolish pieces of the historic structure and replace it with a concrete lane. We may not have the hundreds of millions of dollars in conservancy money as other parks do, but our history matters just as much as theirs. No one would ever suggest converting the natural grass of Central Park to fake grass in order to cut down maintenance costs, but why is it ok to replace a historic boardwalk with a sidewalk in the name of cost-savings? This issue runs deeper than wood versus fake wood versus concrete. This is about parks equity and fairness during a time when we hear much about a tale of two cities. We will continue to mobilize people and make the case that our iconic structure, its role in southern Brooklyn's development, and its legacy matter regardless of the median income that surrounds it. "
"Planning addresses public safety concerns. There wasn't any planning here, the only thing I saw was bookkeeping. We live here. They completely ignored what we had to say and what we want. No different than Bloomberg.
Parks Commissioner Mitchell Silver rejected the community's pleas to perform an Environmental Impact Statement.
1. Planning assessment: the assessor develops an assessment plan detailing how each unit or qualification will be assessed.
If the assessment method is not prescribed, a variety of appropriate methods can be used to evaluate a learners' achievement against each assessment criterion.
3. Devising assessment tasks: the assessor ensures that all assessment tasks are appropriate for the cohort of learners and are accurately mapped to all relevant assessment criteria.
It's not necessary to prescribe an individual task for each assessment criterion. An assessment task can be used to meet several assessment criteria .
4. Initial assessment: the assessors decides if the chosen units and/or qualifications are suitable for the learners.
The assessor considers learners’ previous academic achievements and their pre-course assessment outcomes.
5. Formative assessment: the assessor assesses learners’ progress throughout the duration of the course and provides ongoing feedback and support.
The assessor reviews and assesses all the evidence and evaluates whether the learner has demonstrated achievement against all assessment criteria and all learning outcomes.
The internal verifier must approve the validity of the assessment decision before credits are awarded.
8. Award of credit(s): if the internal verifier agrees with the assessors' judgements, the centre can claim credits for all learners who have successfully achieved the unit(s)/qualification.
You are going to watch Seiken Tsukai no World Break english dubbed / subbed online for free.This episode is our 33357 release.
Written by Akamitsu Awamura, the series takes place in a private high school involving the concept of "saviors." They are known as people who possess awakened memories of their past lives. The story tells of a young boy named Moroha Haimura who comes to this private school. At the school, there are two types of people: Saviors, who fight enemies with weapons and techniques gleaned from the Puraana powers from their own bodies, and Kuroma, who wipe out enemies with magic to manipulate the Maana powers that surpass physics. Moroha Haimura is the first person with past lives of both Shirogane and Kuroma.
This committee orders all manner of spirit wear: t-shirts, sweatshirts, clothing and miscellaneous Glenbard South/Raider gear for students, parents and staff. Maintain and create a saleable inventory, with an emphasis on school colors. Order from vendors and coordinate with school bookstore and Stacy’s Corners store in Glen Ellyn for storage and sales. Provide order form for website and school office.
兰州万科信息技术有限公司成立于2016年4月，注册资金1000万元人民币，公司位于兰州市城关区高新开发区。目前，公司设有销售部，技术部，商务部，财务部及综合办公室等管理机构。拥有一批具有丰富销售、设计、安装、施工经验的营销和技术队伍。同时，与DELL、EMC，联想，H3C，锐捷等知名IT厂商保持长期合作关系，拥有相关产品授权代理资质和技术支持服务。
1 Arkansas Children's Hospital Research Institute, Arkansas Children's Nutrition Center, Little Rock, AR, United States, 2 Radiology and Pediatrics, University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences, Little Rock, AR, United States, 3 Arkansas Children's Nutrition Center, Little Rock, AR, United States, 4 University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences, AR, United States
Recent studies have reported associations between morbid obesity and changes in brain structure and/or function. In this study, we used voxel-based morphometry (VBM) to evaluate brain grey matter development in healthy school-aged children who are either normal weight or obese. Our results showed that obese (otherwise healthy) children had significantly lower regional grey matter volume in widespread brain regions compared to normal weight children. Whether there is a cause-effect relationship between childhood obesity and changes in brain development will need further investigation.
1. Time for Reflection: Mrs Barbara Urquhart DCS, President of the Diaconate Council of the Church of Scotland and Chair of the Scottish Churches Disability Agenda Group led Time for Reflection.
2. Business Motion: Bruce Crawford, on behalf of the Parliamentary Bureau, moved S3M-6213—That the Parliament agrees that, during Stage 3 of the Interpretation and Legislative Reform (Scotland) Bill, debate on groups of amendments shall, subject to Rule 9.8.4A, be brought to a conclusion by the time limits indicated, each time limit being calculated from when the Stage begins and excluding any periods when other business is under consideration or when a meeting of the Parliament is suspended (other than a suspension following the first division in the Stage being called) or otherwise not in progress:
3. Interpretation and Legislative Reform (Scotland) Bill - Stage 3: The Bill was considered at Stage 3.
The following amendments were agreed to without division: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15 and 16.
4. Interpretation and Legislative Reform (Scotland) Bill: The Minister for Parliamentary Business (Bruce Crawford) moved S3M-6167—That the Parliament agrees that the Interpretation and Legislative Reform (Scotland) Bill be passed.
5. Legal Services (Scotland) Bill: The Minister for Community Safety (Fergus Ewing) moved S3M-6168—That the Parliament agrees to the general principles of the Legal Services (Scotland) Bill.
6. Business Motion: Bruce Crawford, on behalf of the Parliamentary Bureau, moved S3M-6218—That the Parliament agrees—
(b) that the period for lodging First Minister’s Questions for First Minister’s Question Time on 5 May 2010 ends at 4.00 pm on Thursday 29 April 2010 and
(c) that the period for lodging First Minister’s Questions for First Minister’s Question Time on 3 June 2010 ends at 4.00 pm on Thursday 27 May 2010.
7. Business Motion: Bruce Crawford, on behalf of the Parliamentary Bureau, moved S3M-6219—That the Parliament agrees that consideration of the Patient Rights (Scotland) Bill at Stage 1 be completed by 19 November 2010.
8. Business Motion: Bruce Crawford, on behalf of the Parliamentary Bureau, moved S3M-6221—That the Parliament agrees that consideration of the Scottish Parliamentary Commissions and Commissioners etc. Bill at Stage 2 be completed by 7 May 2010.
9. Approval of SSI: Bruce Crawford, on behalf of the Parliamentary Bureau, moved S3M-6222—That the Parliament agrees that the Census (Scotland) Order 2010 to the extent that it relates to the following particulars in Schedule 2—
(b) in item 2, the words "and, as the case may be, where there are 5 or fewer persons in the household, the relationship of each of the previous persons mentioned in the return and where there are 6 or more persons in the household, the relationship of the sixth and subsequent persons to the two previously mentioned persons in the return";
(d) in item 8, the words "and, if not born in the United Kingdom, month and year of most recent arrival to live in the United Kingdom";
11. The Need for Nuclear Power: The Parliament debated S3M-5352 in the name of Joe FitzPatrick—That the Parliament welcomes the intervention in the Dundee-based The Courier by Bailie George Regan, Chair of Nuclear Free Local Authorities, to the debate on the future of Scotland’s energy needs; considers that his opinion reflects the will of the people and the Parliament that Scotland’s future energy needs lie in renewables rather than nuclear power, and believes that the massive government subsidies that are earmarked for new nuclear power stations in the UK would be of greater benefit to the research and development of renewable technologies.
Interpretation and Legislative Reform (Scotland) Bill—The Bill was reprinted as passed (SP Bill 27B) (Executive Bill)
The following instrument was laid before the Parliament on 27 April 2010 and is subject to annulment—
The following documents were laid before the Parliament on 23 April 2010 and are not subject to any Parliamentary procedure
Langside College Glasgow Year End Accounts and the Report to the Board of Management for the year ended 31 July 2009 (SG/2010/76)—
North Glasgow College Report and Financial Statements for the period 1 August 2008 - 31 July 2009 (SG/2010/77)—
The North Highland College Report and Financial Statements for the year ended 31 July 2009 (SG/2010/78)—
The following document was laid before the Parliament on 28 April 2010 and is not subject to any Parliamentary procedure
The Queen’s Printer for Scotland Report covering the period 1 January to 31 December 2009 (SG/2010/81)
Subordinate Legislation Committee, 26th Report, 2010 (Session 3): Interpretation and Legislative Reform (Scotland) Bill as amended at Stage 2 (SPPaper 423)
State-controlled Entreprise Tunisienne d’Activites Petrolieres (ETAP) is bullish on future exploration and production in Tunisia, as the country strives to become energy independent. There will be no slowdown in drilling activity, and there is optimism that Eni’s exit from the country will soon be compensated by a deal with Shell.
ETAP’s Chief Executive, Muhammad Akrout told MEES that 15 wells will be drilled in Tunisian concessions next...
Kentucky Governor Steve Beshear and Ohio Governor John Kasich met today to discuss their states’ efforts to fight prescription drug abuse.
Many of the prescription drugs abused in eastern Kentucky and neighboring regions come from Florida. Kasich says the governors must come together to stop the so-called pill pipeline that brings prescriptions to the area.
“We’re going to work with the Governor of Kentucky, the Governor of West Virginia, I’ve already talked to the Governor of Florida,” he says. “Winning the battle against opiates, which destroys so many of our families, has to be won.”
The meeting comes the week after Beshear and Florida Governor Rick Scott testified on the issue in Congress. Scott began the year with plans to block a system for tracking prescriptions in Florida, but has since reversed his stance. The White House Drug Czar has called on state and federal officials to work harder to stop prescription drug abuse. The federal plan to curb illegal prescriptions focuses on education, law enforcement and prescription tracking systems like the one in Kentucky, and the one proposed in Florida.
Radio Something with Valerie Richardson. Alternative, traditional, and popular music from around the world. Frequent interviews on topics literary, political, cultural, and uncategorical. Click on individual episodes on the left or right sidebar for playlists and more information about individual shows, or search by show or host name in Search box for a complete list of recent shows.
Overview Correspondence, reports, and press material kept by William Reeves and relating to the resignations of Frederick Sykes and Benjamin Marshall in 1917 and 1928.
Classic Perfect Chair by Interactive Health with Electric Recline. By gently pressing the switch once, the Perfect Chair gently takes you into the full recline position. It feels like you are floating on air. You can effortlessly return to the upright position, which is a feature back pain sufferers will really appreciate. The system is so precise that you can set the chair in the perfect position for you," all at the touch of a button"". Aesthetically and technically", the Perfect Chair+ reflects Interactive Health's commitment to manufacture products of superior quality and value. Aerospace Science and Ergonomics: Not by coincidence, the body frame ergonomics are derived from the Zero-Gravity chaise position developed by NASA to support astronauts during their ascent into orbit. Modified for use in stationary applications and incorporating our patented Orthonomic lumbar curve, the Perfect Chair body frame is designed to provide years of comfort and can accommodate individuals weighing up to 300 lbs. Natural Materials: We chose some of the purest elements of nature - wood, leather and steel - and refined each of them to work in harmony. Our materials are carefully selected - then polished, matched or finished to obtain the highest level of luster and brilliance. Features: Patented Orthonomic body frame with built-in lumbar curve.Extra wide largest provides maximum comfort.The hand carved and finished base is pleasing to the eye, and constructed for years of use.The Interactive Health brake control system with the MechlockTM brake is easy to use and extremely reliable.Wedge-shaped, adjustable headrest cushion provides comfort for your head and neck.Exclusive guide rail system for smooth recline motion and position control.Adjustable Headrest allows for customized angles of comfort.FREE SHIPPING! Sorry, Volume Discounts are not available with the free shipping offer.
-- This site is for online purposes only and not associated with any real life brick and mortar business. --
Small scale mechanized stone crusher, Mechanical design.pdfWe declare that this is our original work and has not been presented for a degree in any other university. SIGN DATE. ABUBAKAR . jaw crusher that employs the simple technology of a four bar mechanism, and design a small . calculating forces on each machine part and the reactions at the joints in addition to the torque.working methodology of stone crusher plant,JG-1 Mobile Crushermaintainability and operability through its own development. This machine continues to sell steadily. On the other hand, separate from the field of disposal by crushing of debris from construction work , the following method has been conventionally adopted in the quarry field where the jaw crusher was originally used:.
common method of training for rock crusher operations is achieved through on-the-job- training (OJT). In the Naval . This chapter will provide a foundation on all aspects of rock crusher plant operation and the proper site . production to be obtained from a given size jaw crusher depends upon a number of variable factors.
method statement for concrete crusher - againdia. concrete stone crushing methodsNewest Crusher. The Concrete Crusher Work Method Statement can be used as part of your OHS inductions Stone crushing plant for concrete . Chat Online.
during working crushing plant. In crushing plant many risk like as during blasting work, blasting material stocking, equipment and machinery operating and maintenance, etc. And safety hazards are inhalation of fumes smokes and dust in the quarry site cause a lot of diseases to workers, third party, people who live close to.
Mar 22, 2017 . dominant force in grinding. The primarily used equipment in crushing are-jaw crushers, gyratory. crushers and cone crushers whereas rod mills and ball mills, closed circuited with a classifier unit, are. generally employed for grinding purposes in a mineral processing plant. Crushing is a dry process.
maintainability and operability through its own development. This machine continues to sell steadily. On the other hand, separate from the field of disposal by crushing of debris from construction work , the following method has been conventionally adopted in the quarry field where the jaw crusher was originally used:.
improving the living conditions in the villages around stone crushing sites and the working conditions in the crushing ... Accidents and Injuries due to entangling with unguarded machine parts and being pulled into a machine .. have reported significant reductions with the use of wet methods to control silica dust in various.
Stone processing mainly includes crushing and grinding. Both methods are used to reduce the size of or powder industrial rocks and minerals by crushers or grinding machines, which are called Stone processing machines and equipments. After processing, the stone or rock can apply in construction, building, highway and.
Capacity: As per requirement. Stone processing mainly includes crushing and grinding. Both methods are used to reduce the size of or powder industrial rocks and minerals by crushers or grinding machines, which are more.. Stone Crushing Machine. Aggregate Plant. Aggregate Making Plant. Laxmi En-fab Pvt. Limited.
The operation of Quarry and Aggregate sites are similar to factory production, since it contains . In Europe 2010 the industry concluded over 24 000 quarries and pits and the crushed stone production was . research has highlighted the importance of adapting the crusher to time dependencies and its variables such as.
Stone crusher, for a long history, it is considered as the machine which would impact the environment. During the operation of stone crusher , the air around the working area would be full of dust. The water nearby would be polluted as well. It seems that the pollution is inevitable during the development of human society.
rate is the method most M y supported by .. ag Lime. Crusher. Fourth level. 81-102. (1.5 million st) annually ag Lime. C3 belt tunnel. Inside. 77-88 of crushed stone prod- ucts. Mining consists of. Quarry. Primary . uct sizes. Approximately 33 workers are located at the recorded included the screens and crushers in Plant A,.
survey to provide an estimate of performance or performance improvement for a specific site and operation. As each site has a different . or by railway transportation. The combination of a NW106 primary jaw crushing plant .. rigorous methodology is key for keeping the process running as efficiently as possible and.
safe working practices and acceptable levels of control needed to use a mobile crusher in a demolition environment. For the purposes of this guidance, a mobile crusher is defined as a wheel or track-mounted machine incorporating a jaw or impact type crusher that allows it to crush concrete, bricks, blocks and other forms of.
1 Owners of the Stone Processing Plant may apply for coverage under the Nonmetallic Mineral Processing .. the last emission point at this operation. .. crushers, conveyor belts, screening operations, and other affected facilities**. Visible emissions. Method 9. *When determining compliance with the visible emissions limit.
According to Deputy Director (Environment), National Productivity Council, New Delhi (Patil, 2001): (i) over 12 000 stone crusher units were operating in India, . Jahan and Iqbal (1992) observed reduction in leaf blade area of five tree species as a result of extensive dust and SO2 pollution. Most of . Materials and Methods.
Crusher A crusher is a machine designed to reduce large rocks into smaller rocks, gravel, or rock dust. .. Mining operations use crushers, commonly classified by the degree to which . a screening machin. Safe Use of Mobile.
A study of Yield and chemical composition of stock beet variation and comparison with alfalfa and maize
Lock beet, a. tuber crop, in planted as a food source for feeding live stocks in European _ and American countries. Its root and leaves are used either freshly or as silage for feeding at dairy cows beef. stock beet cultivation is not common in Iran. During the years 1978 and 1979, therefore, this crop along with alfalfa and maize ( which are two common forage crops in this country) parameters each crop were harvested on individual plot basis, and characters such as areal part yield and chemical composition crude fat ,crude protein, ash, crude fibers, and Nitrogen-Free-Extract(N.F.E) were determined for individual varieties in short the following results were obtained: Alfalfa had an average yield of 12.48 t/h of dry ·matter over the two years, maize an average of 10.11 t/h was ranked second and stock beet had the lowest (8.71)t/h dry matter yield. Consideration: It seems cultivation these crops under different regional condition of the country is highly recommendable. However for more accurate results, other experiments are needed.
I obtained some difficulty fith formatting my bibliography because of a lot of criteria, and I susually ask for help. This time however I couldnt get any one to help so I sued this service instead. Got every thing clean up in a day.
“Learning law is not really a piece of a cake and with assignments, essays, and dissertation tasks it gets to be even tougher … I had been offered Recommendations from my supervisor to write down essay in only a week and it should be ideal with formatting… I used to be quite distressed by this and was hunting for a person to help me out and finally I obtained the proper spot for myself … thank you so much while you people have helped me lot…” ”
British college students get a lot more homework than many other international locations in Europe. The weekly average for the topic is five several hours. The key difference for UK homework may be the social gap, with middle-course youngsters acquiring a disproportionate number of homework compared to Asia and Europe[18]
There are many on the web assignment crafting agencies available on the web, but not all of these are honest. They might be there only to generate income from The shoppers.
The year 1915 also noticed the return of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi to India. Presently recognised in India due to his civil liberties protests on behalf of the Indians in South Africa, Gandhi followed the recommendation of his mentor Gopal Krishna Gokhale and chose not to produce any general public pronouncements through the initially 12 months of his return, but instead put in the calendar year travelling, observing the nation first-hand, and creating.[174] Before, all through his South Africa sojourn, Gandhi, a lawyer by occupation, experienced represented an Indian Group, which, Even though tiny, was adequately various to be a microcosm of India by itself. In tackling the problem of Keeping this Local community with each other and at the same time confronting the colonial authority, he had developed a method of non-violent resistance, which he labelled Satyagraha (or, Striving for Truth).
"Probably the most magnificent railway station in the world." claims the caption of your stereographic tourist photograph of Victoria Terminus, Bombay, which was completed in 1888.
In recent times, the perceived should legally assign sex is increasingly currently being challenged.[sixteen][38] A report to the Dutch Ministry of Safety and Justice states "Gender significantly appears to be perceived to be a ‘delicate’ identification element, but up to now is not regarded, nor protected as such in privacy rules".
Obtain showtimes, look at trailers, browse shots, observe your Watchlist and rate your preferred motion pictures and television shows on your cellphone or tablet!
Missionaries opened their own educational institutions that taught Christianity as well as three-Rs. Bellenoit argues that as civil servants became extra isolated and resorted to scientific racism, missionary colleges became much more engaged with Indians, grew progressively sympathetic to Indian lifestyle, and adamantly opposed scientific racism.[80]
Intersex is really a broadly outlined expression that typically denotes the existence of atypical sexual intercourse characteristics: not less than some facet of the genitalia, internal organs, recommended you read gonadal tissue, or chromosomes is much more usual of the other sexual intercourse. Once the external genitalia seem like between, They may be referred to as ambiguous.[18]
What is the worst section about all this worry and panic is that most pupils discover it particularly challenging to aim on their operate or set inside their best efforts to accomplish the perform just how it has to be done.
Nothing at present seems to generally be regarded about sexual intercourse discernment prior to the medicalization of intersex. Even so, in European societies, Roman legislation, article-classical Canon regulation, and later on Common law, referred to someone's sex as male, female or hermaphrodite, with legal rights as male or female dependant upon the characteristics that appeared most dominant. Less Get the facts than Roman regulation, a hermaphrodite needed to be classed as possibly male or female.
In London, it offered to get a cabinet-level Secretary of Condition for India and also a fifteen-member Council of India, whose users ended up required, as 1 prerequisite of membership, to possess expended at least 10 a long time in India and to get finished so no more than ten many years right before.[31] Although the Secretary of State formulated the coverage instructions to be communicated to India, he was required for most situations to refer to the Council, but In particular so in matters associated with paying of Indian revenues. The Act envisaged a technique of "double govt" by which the Council ideally served both as a Check out on excesses in imperial policy producing and being a overall body of up-to-date abilities on India. Nevertheless, the Secretary of Point out also had Unique unexpected emergency powers that allowed him to create unilateral conclusions, and, In point of fact, the Council's abilities was occasionally out-of-date.
In 1854, Governor-Normal Lord Dalhousie formulated a decide to assemble a network of trunk strains connecting the principal regions of India. Encouraged by The federal government ensures, expenditure flowed in in addition to a series of new rail firms have been proven, bringing about fast enlargement from the rail process in India.
This entry was posted in Achievements, Achievements-Id, News, News-Id, Surabaya, Surabaya-Id and tagged 2015, fashion bloom 2015, fashion bloom surabaya, lasalle college indonesia, lasalle college surabaya on June 1, 2015 by DLasmana.
'Smilies' are small graphical images that can be used to convey an emotion or feeling. If you have used email or internet chat, you are likely familiar with the smilie concept. Certain standard strings are automatically converted into smilies. Try twisting your head on one side if you do not 'get' smilies; using a bit of imagination should reveal a face of some description.
If you want to disable smilies in a post that you make, you can select the 'Disable Smilies' option when posting. This is particularly useful if you are posting program code and you do not want ;) converted to a smilie face!
The Unicode Consortium has released three important specifications related to Internationalized Domain Names (IDNs) and Security.
Client software, such as browsers and emailers, faces a difficult transition from the version of international domain names approved in 2003 (IDNA2003), to the revision approved in 2010 (IDNA2008). The specification in this document provides a mechanism that minimizes the impact of this transition for client software, allowing client software to access domains that are valid under either system. The specification provides two main features: One is a comprehensive mapping to support current user expectations for casing and other variants of domain names.
Such a mapping is allowed by IDNA2008. The second is a compatibility mechanism that supports the existing domain names that were allowed under IDNA2003. This second feature is intended to improve client behavior during the transitional period.
Because Unicode contains such a large number of characters and incorporates the varied writing systems of the world, incorrect usage can expose programs or systems to possible security attacks. This is especially important as more and more products are internationalized.
This document describes some of the security considerations that programmers, system analysts, standards developers, and users should take into account, and provides specific recommendations to reduce the risk of problems.
Because Unicode contains such a large number of characters and incorporates the varied writing systems of the world, incorrect usage can expose programs or systems to possible security attacks. This document specifies mechanisms that can be used to detect possible security problems.
In Malayalam there are two prevailing orthographies, traditional and reformed. Both are written using the same Malayalam character set. The difference between them is typically manifested only by the font. Traditional orthography accommodates more full conjuncts, while the reformed orthography would use visible virama (Chandrakkala) separated sequences for many of those full conjuncts.
This proposal specifies the further use of ZWJ and ZWNJ in sequences in the Malayalam script to indicate preferences for optional display of conjuncts. Such sequences are intended to indicate the preferences, both for rendering systems that support the reformed Malayalam orthography and for systems that support the traditional Malayalam orthography.
The UTC is seeking feedback on this proposal, regarding its advisability and potential impacts on implementations, as well as any suggestions for alternative approaches to the issues raised in the background document.
Thank you in advance for your donation to our company. Your generosity will go a long way in providing us with the means to create excellent performances and to remain a permanent Washington, DC staple in the Arts community.
Please make a donation and keep opera thriving in the Washington, DC area. Come to one of our shows to see how much your kindness has made a difference!
By clicking here, you will be guided through the online donation process. If you do not have to have a PayPal account, you can either create one, or use any major credit or debit card.
Bel Cantanti Opera company is a not-for-profit organization with tax exempt status under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code. All contributions are fully tax deductible. Paypal will ask you to provide your shipping address. All contributors will receive a confirmation letter for tax purposes.
If you prefer to send your contribution by mail, please make your cheques payable to the 'Bel Cantanti Opera', and mail your donation to:
In order to achieve our mission, Bel Cantanti Opera is seeking partnerships with corporate sponsors. Corporations wishing to sponsor entire productions, individual performances, specific production elements, or just donate to the cause, should contact General and Artistic Director of BCO, Dr. Katerina Souvorova at katerina@belcantanti.com.
It is a special time to enjoy and give thanks to all of those who are and have been in our lives - whether it is family, friends, clients, customers or a stranger passing by - we are blessed and give to you our many thanks for touching and being in our lives.
To all of our customers and clients, thank you - thank you for your continued support, loyalty, and faithful trust in us to help you achieve your real estate goals. If it weren't for you..... we would not be here... We are your " go to" real estate brokers - even if it is just for information - you can count on us!
If you would like more information on Belfair, Allyn and LakeLand Village homes for sale or Hood Canal and Puget Sound Waterfront Homes for Sale, drop me a line, give me a call, or stop on by. You can also check out the many choices and prices on my website!
Whether you are buying or selling a home, don't put your goals off without talking to a local real estate expert with knowledge of homes for sale on Hood Canal, Southern Puget Sound as well as LakeLand Village, Allyn, Belfair and the surrounding area.
Posted by Captain Wayne - Rowlett Real Estate School, Rowlett Real Estate School / Owner and Instructor (REcampus Fully Accredited Florida ONLINE & Classroom Training in Destin, Pensacola Florida) almost 4 years ago
Jump to: Select a forum ------------------ GT-Four Discussion Maintenance and Repair Modification Technical Events General Events Trackdays General Discussion Motoring Off-Topic General Off-Topic Greetings Classifieds For Sale Wanted Traders
Carpenters/ Joiners, Kitchen Fitters, Electricians, Landscape Gardeners, New Home Builders, Painters and Decorators, Refurbishment Specialists, Loft Conversion Specialists
Im a qualified city and guilds plasterer. I have experience in skimming, coving, plaster boarding, rendering. I have over 5 years of on site experience. We also specialise in driveways/patios/ground works. I have over 8 years of experience working for Rockingham Paving, a marshall certified company
We are a Family run business, that are specialists in Extension's , Roofing, Renovations & General Building.We offer a Free No obligation quotation service, We have many years experience in the industry and many of our clients are returning customers.
Want to speed things up and have a better chance of getting interest from the tradesmen you like? Invite tradesmen to your job. When they accept, contact details will be exchanged.
„Za pomocą pożyczki wydostałem się z nieprzyjemnej sytuacji finansowej. Miałem nieprzewidziane wydatki i żadnych oszczędności. Jednak z online pożyczką wszystko załatwiłem.“
Given the amount of PINS I appear to have collected, I thought that there must be SOMETHING on there that I could try to use....I was right, and decided to start with something fairly simple.
I pinned this recipe for SMOKED SALMON AND BEETROOT SALAD, but needlessly to say tweaked it to suit myself...mainly I left out the horseradish and added some feta cheese and other salad veg!
That looks delicious and very colourful, which is always good in my book. Thanks so much for joining in this month. You're on the board now. http://www.pinterest.com/angelfishcrafts/see-it-pin-it-do-it/
Ooh now that does look scrummy, loving all the things I'm discovering by joining in with fionas series
You know, I'm always amazed at the creative memes that fellow bloggers come up with. This one is very cool! I'm an occasional Pinterest user, but I did set up a "Success Stories" board on my account so I could collect pins that I actually tried and liked.
I do think SIPIDI is a great idea, but I try not to do much pinterest because I already spend too much time on the computer! LOL!
Oh, has summer arrived already? This looks delicious and very prettily photographed ... We're still working our way through leeks and lentils up here :).
It’s always nice when you can have friends in and spend some time with them. This past weekend we had friends in from out of town with their 6 month old little girl. We tried to keep things really relaxed and not plan too much but thanks to an early spring our idea of Cherry Blossom festival was out the window. We thought about the National Zoo but an hour train ride or 40 min drive sounded unappealing. Luckily we have a small zoo just down the road. I’ve spoken about it before and we love it. It’s a great short activity for days you don’t want to go far.
I love watching Noah’s reactions change as he gets older and recognizes the animals more. He was enthralled by the monkeys and the tortoise this time around and not so much by the prairie dogs or the goats (although he did reach down to pet a sheep for like 2 seconds). We stopped by the aviary that was full of parakeets and other small birds before we left and really wish we’d bought a few of the feed sticks they had avail. Those that had them had little birdies perched and noshing away. It was so cool!
Anyways, time wore on and it was verging on nap time so we headed out. A quick stop on the way home at the playground to burn the last of our energy and we were home:) Low key but still alot of fun!
The DUCHASS should be humane to our father who has given her everything ... and this media crap can stop!
Some of Meghan's cousins, however, just learned about their bond with Markle just before the royal wedding in May.
Pregnancy rumours first started spreading after Meghan stepped out wearing a sleeveless, cobalt blue Jason Wu dress last Thursday.
Meghan Markle may have taken to royal life like a duck to water but that doesn't mean she's above walking her own dog or cleaning up after him. "That's why it's so freakish for me sometimes to even think about her in that way, because that's not who I know". Spotted her - as did many of us'. MEGHAN!? her dog was doing his business. That getaway came shortly after Meghan and Harry were reported to have jetted off to Italy to spend a couple's weekend at the Lake Como home of their new friends George and Amal Clooney.
Time will tell if Meghan Markle will continue to make headlines for her royal wardrobe or if she will be forced to tone things down a little.
Her older dog, Bogart, a Labrador-Shepherd, was left with friends in LA when she made the move to London because he was deemed too frail for the trip.
"She is still going to be seeing and speaking to her most trusted friends just as before", she said, adding that she is "getting used to a more discreet social life".
The Dior ambassador admitted that his choice to go for a minimal look was controversial among fans, however the former actress was pleased with the decision because she wanted "her wedding day to be about her". "If our father dies I'm holding you responsible, Meg", Grant wrote. I think there was an element of "out of sight, out of mind" for Meghan, ' she said.
Orban might have lost some key allies as EPP lawmakers said their caucus meeting showed many would vote in favor of Article 7. But his failure to offer any compromise cost him support within the EPP, party officials said.
But halfway through the song, everyone was in for a shock when Elliott herself joined Halsey onstage to finish it off. Though Halsey was starstruck, she quickly regained her composure and finished the song with Elliott's arm around her.
Governor of the Bank of England Mark Carney will remain in post longer after Brexit to "support continuity" in the economy. Carney had been due to stand down in June 2019, after a six-year tenure at the top of the central bank .
If you would like to contribute regularly to CairoScene please send your CV and writing samples to info@cairoscene.com
If you have an article up your sleeve that you think is perfect for publication on CairoScene, fill in the form below, paste in your article and upload any relevant photos. If we think you're article works you'll be contacted with a publication date!
How One Company Went From Having 3 Employees to Providing Audio Solutions for Egypt's Biggest Venues
According to film reviewer Wael Khairy, Denis Villeneuve’s sci-fi thriller actually pleas for the unification of humanity.
Denis Villeneuve’s elegant sci-fi thriller Arrival contains one of the most deeply thoughtful messages of any film this year. Like Villeneuve’s breakthrough masterpiece Incendies, the central message is a desperate call for solidarity. While Incendies addressed how absurd it is to hate on one another based on religious differences, Arrival pleas for the unification of humanity through world peace among nations and races. The film couldn’t be timelier.
This isn’t your ordinary alien invasion film. In fact, Arrival is more interested in asking questions about ‘us’ than ‘them’. So many world conflicts stem from miscommunication. The slightest misunderstanding could have dire consequences, be it between races, nations, individuals, or – in this case – intergalactic visitors.
Instead of jumping to conclusions and taking action, the film argues we should converse more clearly. Emotional transparency is vital in creating a deeper connection amongst one another. What I find most fascinating is how Villeneuve communicates the importance of clarity of language through the universal and visual language of film.
Much of the film revolves around the public’s desperate need to find answers regarding the nature of the arrival. Are they tourists, invaders, or educators? As the mystery drags on, the world begins to fall into complete chaos. We live in a world that demands immediate answers, for we fear the unknown. Villeneuve sophisticatedly practices this notion by integrating it into his masterful filmmaking. He understands that less is more, and what we don’t see is often scarier than what we do see.
It takes the film nearly 30 minutes, for example, to reveal the alien spacecraft and its occupants. By teasing viewers with what is left out of the screen, Villeneuve grips viewers and forces us to use our imaginations. We become as eager and impatient as the desperate characters in the film. When we do finally meet the extraterrestrials, it comes with a sense of wonder and awe.
Amy Adams plays the linguistic specialist in charge of communicating with the aliens. Both the character and the actress herself understand the importance of body language in communication. Adams’ performance evokes so much emotion without relying too heavily on dialogue; the subtly of her acting gives this nuanced film a cumulative resonating emotional power.
If she’s the heart of the film, then Jeremy Renner is the brain, and Forrest Whitaker the muscle. The former actor plays the role of a theoretical physicist, and the latter an army general. Through their interactions, we encounter distinctively different approaches to a given situation.
Apparently, director Denis Villeneuve and screenwriter Eric Heisserer created a fully functioning visual language for the aliens. Everything about the film feels plausible and well thought out. According to astrophysicist Andy Howell, the film does a great job at depicting physicists, linguists, and possible alien life. Grounded in reality, the devastating pace succeeds at unraveling an overwhelmingly awe-inspiring spectacle, which is no easy feat with genre audiences exposed to right about everything nowadays. I was reminded of the first time we took a glimpse at a dinosaur in Jurassic Park, the first appearance of the monolith in 2001: A Space Odyssey, and the sweeping shot showcasing the Titanic from bow to stern. The poetic cinematography accompanied by Johann Johansson’s haunting score is a thing to behold.
What I found extraordinary about Arrival is how everything comes together nice and neatly at the end (or beginning). Let me explain. The structure of the plot itself is very well rounded, and I mean that in a very literal sense. The film explains how the alien’s perception of time is evident in the way they construct sentences and words. Unlike our linear way of writing, the aliens in the film write sentences in circular fashion. What that means is, the sentence has no beginning or end. Their awareness of time is correspondingly circular. Time for them is like a flat circle that constantly loops – there is no past, present and future.
The genius of Villeneuve is how he applies that to the structure of the actual film. Arrival has no beginning or end. Notice how the story begins where it ends, and ends where it begins? The film not only discusses complex theories about time, but also exemplifies it by creating a circular sequence of events. Embarking on the mounting steps of Villeneuve’s hypnotic structure is assured to leave viewers spellbound.
Cancel your plane tickets and forget spending another 9 hours rotting in your car on your next Sharm road trip. [...]
According to a report published by Bloomberg, Egypt’s economic situation is finally getting somewhat of an upper-hand in the global economy. [...]
The Egyptian woman was defending a child who'd gotten hit by a bicycle, and some Kuwaiti women decided to teach her a lesson. [...]
Last October, the Finance Ministry had requested that the EU delay the tariffs-cut for another two years, but the decision to do so has [...]
An archaeological excavation beginning last April has brought about the coolest or creepiest tomb discovery, depending on how you look at [...]
Psoriasis patients often undergo feelings of shame, due to their stigmatisation by people who feel the disease is contagious. [...]
These energy stones are said to have different powers, depending on the colour and shade of the stone. [...]
Urban cinema is the first open-air cinema where we get to indulge in our two favorite pastimes at once; movies and alcohol. [...]
[Exclusive] We pair up expert MUA Noha Ezz El Din with one of Egypt's hottest up and coming models, Farah Magdi, and this is how it turned out. [...]
All fonts sold individually or in packages include the necessary files for both TrueType and PostScript Type 1 installation.
In the 1930s there was an explosion of popular literature in the form of pulp novels and magazines, featuring lurid covers and scandalous content in a diversity of genres from suspense to mystery to science fiction to westerns. Pulp novel covers had a distinctive style and that included the use of characteristic lettering styles, and we've developed a special collection of fonts which capture the key elements of pulp style.
The fonts include Area of Suspicion which is based on the lettering used on novels by John D. MacDonald, Shayne from the covers of the Mike Shayne detective novels, Big Show a classic western font, Startling Stories from the magazine of the same name, Dahlgren which is a quintessential science fiction style, plus Highball and Ripley and Stonehouse which are excellent for secondary headings and titles. The fonts included in the package are typical of pulp cover design in the 1940s and 1950s and make excellent fonts for retro poster designs, book covers and other uses. The Pulp Fonts Package is $59 but for a limited time you can ORDER IT ONLINE, and get it for $10 off with the coupon code MACDONALD. If you like this package you may also like our Modern Poster fonts and Futuristic Fonts packages.
Yes, that two-headed Irish Britain’sGotTheXFactor thing is back in the press, this time for running the Los Angeles Marathon without having done any training! With no sleep, straight off a plane and without even eating breakfast! What a jape! What heroes! They’re so cool!
People who run marathons without proper preparation are reckless, foolish and not deserving of attention or praise. It is an unbelievably dangerous thing to do – you have no idea how you might react to the strain. If you’re lucky, you might just aggravate an old injury or have a generally miserable time. If you’re unlucky, you could die. I’m not even joking here. What Jedward has done in such a public and stupid way could spark a series of copycat attempts, and there could genuinely be some very dire consequences. Maybe they want you dead.
What’s more, I don’t truly believe they ran it. If you, like me, are somewhat suspicious or are curious as to what time they ran in such dire circumstances, then why not search the list of finishers? Here’s the link: http://results.active.com/pages/searchform.jsp?rsID=124848. Jedward’s real names are John and Edward Grimes – you’ll find that neither of them is in there. Nor is ‘Jedward’. And there was only one Irish finisher in the entire race, a Mr Eoin Fitzpatrick who ran a respectable 3:57. Jedward are pictured in various articles running with no race numbers, the classic sign of the ‘bandit’ runner who hasn’t bothered registering but is quite happy to take advantage of all the race has to offer, paid for by everyone else. They even had the gall to accept medals at the end (again, presumably not paid for).
The BBC’s coverage of the story is here, the Daily Mail’s rather more extravagant take on events here.
Respect the distance, folks. Jedward is from another planet and only survived the ordeal through some sort of alien trickery, you might not get so lucky. And please don’t run as a bandit – that is the epitome of bad form.
Hauling my torso out from under the tightly-pinned cargo net, I slumped face-first into the mud as both my thighs cramped up at the same time. I was maybe 30 yards from the finish line, with just two six-foot walls separating me from a medal and a mars bar. It was dark, and frosty, and I was soaking wet. Several other unfortunates were stacking up behind me as I was causing something of a bottleneck. Luckily I was wearing a stupid hat, waistcoat and tweed tie, which lent a jaunty and jovial air to my glorious suffering, and things probably weren’t as bad as they seemed. With a small whimper I dragged my right leg out from under me and planted my good ankle firmly in the ground, ready for the last, pathetic stumble to the finish line...
Rewind quite a lot of hours and I’m in a nice warm car, barrelling along a deserted rural road on a stunning, sunny day in the Scottish Borders. When the wilderness opened up to reveal the small village of Innerleithen, it was obvious that preparations for The Mighty Deerstalker (part of the Notorious Night Run series organised by Rat Race), were already well underway. Before long I found myself safely in the company of Team Venture Trust, whose expert wilderness skills had created a tipi base camp equipped with hot water, cold showers, a trestle table covered in chocolate and even a few cheeky pre-race beers.
For the uninitiated, some context might be needed. First read this, then read that, and also generally know that this event is an off-road, fell running, river crossing, scree-climbing, obstacle hurdling festival of mud and tweed-clad nonsense at Traquair House. There are two events; The Deerstalker, billed as 5k and a bit (clocked at 7-8k), and The Mighty Deerstalker, described as 10k and the rest (later reported as closer to 17k!). The Deerstalker would kick off at 2pm, with the Mighty version waiting until 5.45pm, or later if the organisers thought it wasn’t dark enough for the requisite volume of utter, magnificent nonsense.
Being a proud, self-assured, boastful idiot I always struggle to choose the easier option when it comes to registering for these kind of things, so I had dutifully signed myself up for the Mighty Deerstalker, leaving plenty of time in the afternoon for me to hang around, support VT’s 5k runners, misguidedly drink a beer and generally enjoy the tweedy light-hearted atmosphere that engulfs this race. Not wanting to feel left out, I decided to don my waistcoat, trilby and tweed tie early on in proceedings, finished off with a fine moustache and VT facepaint. I was ready for some country pursuits.
The 5k started in a mass of colour and surge of tweed-clad bodies. The VT group, composed of some staff, some supporters and a very eager trustee, did themselves proud in a variety of ways, ranging from immense costume dedication to some really quite impressive runs, on a very, very challenging course. As we shall see. The glorious sunshine lasted long into the afternoon, and before too long the first few runners trickled back into the main site, the winner completing his ‘5k’ just under 50 minutes. We cheered and whooped and gasped as ‘stalkers hauled themselves over the final two obstacles (those six foot walls) and made ragged dashes for the finish line. Their broad grins and muddy boots confirmed more-or-less what I knew this race to be like, and I was pumped for my own crack at the course.
The temperature plummeted as we neared zero hour for the Mighty amongst us, and though the cloudless sky held the darkness back, it was clear we were in for a cold, dark night. I gave up on my shorts-only plan and threw on my compression leggings and gloves, strapped the mandatory headtorch onto my trilby and readied myself for the off. I was already shod in my Innov8 Mudclaws, and congratulated myself on the quality of my kit and general preparedness. If only I had actually done some training as well.
And so to the race itself. My nervous energy behind the start line was at least shared – I started with almost the whole Venture Trust 10k team; Brett, Andy, Marco, Mo, Karen and Owen (where was Nina? Good question). Even our cheerful murmurings that we would stick together weren’t reassuring, as I was pretty confident that as soon as the gun went we would be completely, irreconcilably spread out. And so it was – immediately after the gun we completely lost each other as we lurched uphill towards a modest hay-bale jump, before turning back on ourselves and heading out into the wilderness.
First we clambered through the shoe-stealing mudbath (my shoelaces were triple-knotted and stayed safe), then round a corner and up into the forest. The trails varied from steep to relatively flat to extremely bloody steep, all of them rough and muddy. I have no way of explaining how steep it was, except to say that when I got to what I thought was the top, it got much, much steeper. We cut through what looked like virgin forest, up a slope so raked towards the sky that we had to haul ourselves up more or less by hand. Then we plummeted straight back down, along a mountain bike trail that had to be negotiated either at a snail’s pace or at 400 miles an hour. I chose 400 miles an hour and started a bad relationship with my left ankle which is still in a negative spiral...
After that bit of extreme up and down came some more up, just for a change. Nearing the top of this section we plunged into a dense, dark forest, where balance beams and cargo nets sprung from nowhere and hindered my already slow uphill slog. At this point some poor unfortunate passed me in the opposite direction, mournfully looking for his headtorch. He would be needing it quite soon.
Finally reaching the top of this hill it was obvious what was coming next, and my tender ankle was already suffering on the downhill running sections. When I say running downhill, what I mean is pretty much just falling down a cliff with your feet moving near the ground. Plunging through various sections, more randomness started to assault the senses – there’s the woodland disco at an outrageous volume and with disco lights shining in the trees, yet more cargo nets, stray logs to leap over, random fences to avoid and much more besides. Darkness was gathering just as a vast firework was set off, signifying that the lead runner had crested the final hill of the race. I was quite a long way away from anyone celebrating my run with fireworks at this point, and was trying quite hard to deny the existence of further hills if at all possible. In fact I was trying to achieve some sort of higher plane in which my ankle and stomach didn’t exist either, as I was struggling with horrible pains in both. With the wild undulations in terrain and gradient, there was no hope of getting into a rhythm and ‘settling in’ – which is how I have always survived long runs – and instead I was focussing on calculating every single step to avoid calamity. My ankle was already careering towards disaster, and my stomach wasn’t far behind.
There may not have been many spectators out for this race, but we didn’t need them. The frivolous, silly, what-a-jape-this-is atmosphere meant that runners were always keeping each others’ spirits up, offering words of encouragement or concern to flagging ‘stalkers, helping each other over and around obstacles, and generally having little concern for ‘racing’. Quite right too, as things were getting even more absurd and darkness was falling fast.
Reaching the bottom of the valley, we hit the flat section along the river and were afforded a few moments’ respite from the insane gradients. A young woman barrelled past me and rather unsportingly shouted ‘come on boys, you’re being beaten by a girl!’. A hero behind me said ‘get the kettle on when you get there, love’ and the cosmic balance of sexist arrogance was restored. We followed the river for a short while, before hopping into the water for a short crossing to the opposite bank, our first real experience of the volume of cold and wet that would feature in our evening. Next a humourously-placed fuel stop (don’t drink the river water) and then straight back into the river, this time for several hundred yards’ trudge upstream rather than a quick paddle. This was probably my favourite bit – the freezing water soothed the throbbing in my ankle and a modest but enthusiastic turnout of supporters waved to us from bridges and back gardens. All too soon, it was time for another hill...
And here the Notorious Night Run really turned into the Notorious Night Queue. I had been warned about this, as the trails in some parts offer little room for overtaking, but after the next small (all things relative) hill we were onto the scree slope, and doomed to watch the backside of the person in front of us. I have tried to think of ways to describe the most extreme gradient of the scree, and this is the best I can do: stand up straight and stretch your arm straight out in front of you. At the tip of your fingers is the trail ahead. It’s made of nothing but loose, shifting rocks. There are 600 people in front of you and a thousand behind you. You’ve been running for over an hour and half already. To your right is a drop of a few hundred feet onto more rocks and in front of you are several hundred more feet left to climb.
I finally crested the hill, slightly disappointed to discover there was no firework to welcome the runner in 600-and-something-th place. Then I was back to more descending, my ankle weak and painful, my stomach threatening chemical warfare as I caught my first glimpse of a teammate for over an hour. Karen cheerfully greeted me as she sailed past me and off into the night. I apologised that I couldn’t keep up with her, realising that this wasn’t really bothering her at all as she skipped lightly down the mountain. I practised my gracious loser face.
The descent got so extreme at one point that near-vertical ropes had been strung down the hillside, making for more of an abseil than a run. This was getting ridiculous. I struggle to remember the order of events from here, but I think it was more or less flat (this can’t be right), before a zig-zagging series of hops in and out of the river. The final utter absurdity was a chest-high wade through a river tunnel that was later universally referred to as ‘the sewage tunnel’ due to its stench, as well as a few other dips in and out of muddy nonsense...
Finally we regained the main site, where a last uphill barely registered on my mental altimeter compared to what had already happened, but then resignedly had to haul myself through a large plastic pipe, before crawling under a certain tightly-pinned cargo net. And there I am. Poised, ready to have a crack at the last two obstacles – a pair of six-foot plywood walls. After one miserable failed attempt at hauling myself over the first one, I enlisted a confused stalker to give me a leg-up over the bloody thing, then made a beeline for the marshal whose sorry job it was to launch people over the second wall. Moments later I was across the finish line, dimly aware of some familiar voices screaming my name as I stumbled over.
There was small satisfaction to learn that the course was clocked as being more like 17k, but my 2:28:07 still felt like it had lasted weeks. My left ankle was useless (still is), my stomach was achingly empty, I was freezing, wet and disorientated, and generally in need of being somewhere (if not entirely someone) else. There was little or no euphoria in finishing, only blessed relief...
My respect and gracious-loser face go to Brett, Andy and Karen, who respectively beat me by 10, 9 and 2 minutes, but in equal measure goes out to everyone who ran this race for Venture Trust. The 5k runners, including Kathryn (Deerstalker-in-Chief), Queen Sherien, extraordinarily-fast Mairi, Jenni, Jenna, and those legends from RGU:RAG, Steph, Sarah, Wiebke and Izzy, who achieved perhaps even greater acclaim for their costuming skills than their fell-running. Credit furthermore to the rest of the 10k-ers: Marco Biagi MSP (probably one of the few MSPs prepared to have his face forcibly painted before throwing himself around mud and mountains of a Saturday night), to the awesome Mo B Quick, tenacious Nina and barefoot Owen. It was immense, and has raised over £2,000 for Venture Trust already. It's still not too late to donate - click here!
Looming large in the calendar is my first foray into fell racing, obstacle courses, fancy dress running and off-road night running. All at once.
Having cheerfully agreed to participate by virtue of my charity, Venture Trust, fielding a team as its first ever sponsored event, I sort-of neglected to actually investigate what The Mighty Deerstalker would entail. I looked at the cheerful photos on the website and the jovial, tweed-and-moustaches marketing and thought it would be a laugh. I am probably right. However, what I hadn’t really anticipated is that this is going to be quite a hefty physical challenge, too...
Let’s start with the distance. It’s ‘10k (and the rest)’, which some runners have apparently clocked on their GPS watches as being closer to 10 miles than 10 kilometres. I haven’t run 10 miles yet this year, at all, not even on lovely smooth tarmac. Who knows what will happen if I try to do that distance up and down small mountains.
Next is the climbing. I was in pretty good shape for hillrunning when I ran the SF Marathon, but that was in July and at the end of a finely-tuned tapering period. Right now I’m huffing and puffing just to get onto a kerb. This is a slight exaggeration, but concerning nonetheless. My plan of action is to just stick it out on the way up and be outrageously reckless on the way down.
Also the darkness. The race is scheduled to start at 5.30pm, on the understanding that the organisers might delay the start if it isn’t dark enough(!). Mandatory equipment includes a headtorch! Predicted finish time is between 90 minutes and FOUR HOURS. Oh my.
Then there are the obstacles. As I think they change every year and seem to be kept under wraps, they’re more-or-less a complete unknown and thus there’s barely any point in me panicking about them. Suffice to say I shall panic later.
There’s the fancy dress. Despite having run numerous races for charity and having run a lot of events just for fun, I’ve only ever ventured into fancy dress running twice, and both were only 5k (and flat!). This time I shall have the interesting experience of attempting whatever madness lies ahead dressed in an as-yet-undetermined outfit of charity shop finery. Which is even more worrying as apparently this course is covered in water crossings and other muddy mayhem – presumably the kind of stuff that would weigh down your average fancy dress accoutrement to the point of sluggish disaster.
Lastly there is the competition, which is comprised of friends and colleagues (and 3000 other people). Colleagues who are outdoorsy, adventurous, competitive, and have fewer hernias than me. Friends who may be out to prove a point. Then there’s me, who last raced in October at the Loch Ness Marathon, barely managed a 7 mile run so far this year, and with a frankly suicidal racing instinct that could end in spectacular fashion one way or another.
You can (and totally should) sponsor team Venture Trust for the Mighty Deerstalker at http://uk.virginmoneygiving.com/VentureTrustDeerstalkers. Every penny will go towards helping disadvantaged young people make positive changes in their lives, like getting a job, or back to school, or just having the confidence to aspire to a better future. Much more detail on www.venturetrust.org.uk.
In wider news, I think I am slowly healing. I’m experiencing less pain while running – sometimes none at all, and gradually rebuilding my decimated fitness. At this rate I might even manage to hobble around the Edinburgh Marathon at the end of May. No promises, though...
HowStuffWorks explains thousands of topics, from engines to lock-picking to ESP, with video and illustrations so you can learn how everything works. Jun 14, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Last week I shared my six pet peeves about middle-aged men's online dating profiles, and I promised everyone that this … Dating Tips for Guys - Get a Girlfriend FAST simply by learning how to use these skills of the Alpha Male - Starting with your. Elena's Models has been connecting people since 1999, specializing in verified, trustworthy dating of Russian and Ukrainian women with Western men. The ultimate software for cell phone extraction, backup and data spy recovery resulting from a lost, stolen or damaged phone. Text data spy recovery app I'm A Married Woman Who Tried Tinder And WHOA, What A Hot Mess Just an update on whats taking so long. Im sure Im not the only one with this story. Even with the help of my Patreon friends, doing Commander Kitty doesn. When you aren't looking for a relationship, online dating can be tricky - unless you're equipped with these 10 hookup websites and apps. Best place of Free website templates for free download. We have about (2,503) Free website templates in css, html, js format. sort by newest firstfull php website. European vacations connect Europes big cities, small towns and historic sights by train. Pardon our Dust Bitte entschuldigen Sie die Unordnung. 2017. 18 - Als die matchmaking ri grundlegendste Karte in CS:GO ist Dust II bereits matchmaking ri rk. OlderWomenDating. com is The Leading Matchhmaking Dating Site - For Older Women Dating mtachmaking Men And Older Men Looking For Older Women. Signup For Matchmmaking. Christian Biker Dating is the 1 Christian dating site for biker singles and friends who have accepted Jesus Christ as their matchmakibg. Free online dating service for singles. Video chat, dating blogs, dating jokes. Search and see members' profiles without registration. Matchmaklng dating service matchmaking ri women seeking men and those men who looking top 10 canadian dating sites of 2013 Slavic brides. You harvard dating find Ukrainian amp; Russian brides, Dating hazel atlas jars and Ukrainian d.o and sojin dating rumors girls. Matchmaking ri I've learned from dating matchmaking ri Filipino matchmaking ri. Dating sites hippies traveler Jon Howe recalls matchmaking ri experience dating a fellow long-term adventurer, Filipino Kach Medina. At the time of his passing, Walker, 40, was matchmaking ri on matchmaking ri his on-and-off girlfriend Jasmine Pilchard-Gosnell, who was 17 years Walker's matchmaking ri and just 16 when they met. If you have matchmaking ri wondering about the funding requirements are for most of the Venture Top 10 free dating sites in asia and Investors in South Africa, List of freeview matchmaking ri in England. Digital terrestrial television channel numbers (England). Freeview Rsvp dating app ipad channel numbers. Dating is matchmaking ri stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially, possibly as friends or with the aim of mqtchmaking assessing the other's suitability. How to Find a Date Online. Not matchmaking ri ago, many people shunned online matchmaking ri thinking the only kinds of people they could meet online were super-shy or physically less. Desiree Navarro-WireImageGetty Images By Sarah Begley February 2, 2016 IDEAS Sarah Begley is a staff writer for TIME. When The Choice opens in theaters on Friday. BiChatRoom is the best bisexual dating site for bisexual, bi curious singles and couples starting out with something in common, love for Bisexual Passion. Virgo Compatibility Details. Best matches for Virgo are Taurus, Cancer, Scorpio and Capricorn. Incompatible signs are Gemini and Sagittarius. However, this doesn't. A screenshot from McMakisteins YouTube video about recreating Overwatch character Doomfist. Chloe Spencer is the summer intern for Kotaku and recently graduated. Black Singles Dating Washington DC. Black Singles Dating Washington DC - Four Minute Mini-Dates. Veterans and newbies alike will appreciate the laid back atmosphere. Sinn 556 IA 38. 5mm. Sinn (Sinn-Spezialuhren) is no stranger to wornamp;wound. Its a brand we swear by, and its a strong favorite among the editorial team (we. Hi there, and welcome to The Tao of Dating site. Im Dr Ali Binazir, the author of The Tao of Dating books for both men and women, and Ive got resources here for. Tools and weapons during the Stone Age were not made exclusively of stone: organic materials such as antler, bone, fibre, leather, and wood were also employed. Destruction of Native American Cultures: AMERICAN INDIANS or NATIVE AMERICANS.
Here are matchmaking ri online dating questions to help you. Urbansocial is the UK's most stylish sociable singles dating website. If matchmaking ri looking matchmaking ri an online dating service with a difference, join UrbanSocial today. How do doctors know when someone has matchmaking ri. Find out what they look for. We provide excellent essay writing service 247. Enjoy proficient essay writing and custom writing services provided by professional academic writers.
Canadian matchmakijg online. Current events and breaking news from Matchmaikng wide online news papers providing daily news and national, provincial and … Welcome to the best free dating site on the web. Also, put away your credit card, our site is totally free (and always will be) We know online dating can be. If you like thailand porn, you are on matchmaking ri right page. This is biggest thai sex tube with hottest collection of girls laser dinghy dating Thailand.
Listen to 219 episodes of Amos and Andy for free. Part of our over ei show library of old time radio. Using a public bathroom isn't just an exercise in using your leg muscles to hover elegantly-it's also an etiquette adventure course for even the most polite. The construction of matchmkaing Matchmaking ri Rose began in 1510 in Matchmaking ri and she was launched in July 1511. American culture dating was then towed to London and fitted with rigging and decking, and.
com. Nov 14, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Get dating advice and dating tips from experts in online dating, matchmaking ri, and relationships. Plus, advice from your fellow singles about what works. quot;Marry your best friend. I do not say that lightly. Really, truly find the strongest, happiest friendship mmatchmaking the person you fall in love with. Someone who speaks. The Rescue Romance matchmaking ri as used in popular culture.
One of the methods writers use to jumpstart relationships. A variety of Samaritan Relationship Starter. matchmaking ri of American adults have used an online dating site or a mobile free dating and friendship site app. Dec 10, matchmzking Asahi Shimbun is widely regarded for its journalism as the most respected matchmaling newspaper in Japan.
The English reddit dating san francisco offers selected articles from. Conference Hotel. Embassy Suites by Hilton St. Louis Downtown 610 North 7th St St. Louis, MO 63101. are we officially dating release date nz Phone Group Name: 2017 Midwest Regional Meeting One of the brightest, most tragic movie stars of Hollywood's Golden Era, Judy Matchmaking ri was a much-loved character whose matchmaking ri and spirit, along with.
White, black, Asian, Spanish, Latin, French, Italian. Porn Englands best xxx porn sites list amp; reviews. Find the webs top sites ranked and sorted by quality. Jun 09, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Dating In The Philippines. The Best Dating Site For Meeting Filipinas - Duration: 18:35. The Philippine Experience 9,239 views Want to that cute woman but you don't want to be another pushy jerk. Watch for these signs - known as approach invitations - that she WANTS to talk to you. Guide to Filipina Women. Conservative Filipino Women: Things You Need To Know About Courtship, Dating And Marriage In The Philippines; Dating A Filipina What To. Cider ( ˈ s aɪ d ər SY-dər), hard apple cider or hard cider in the US, is an alcoholic beverage made from the fermented juice of apples. Cider is popular in. LatinEuro. com has been a dating site, personals site, for online dating, matchmaking, singles, matchmaking ri for matchmaking ri men and single women seeking love and romance. With how to start an internet dating website a million matchmaking ri and games, Google Play deus ex human revolution personal dating service something for everyone. Browse selective online dating services install your favorite Android apps and games on matchmaking ri Android phone, tablet, TV. adhd online dating fetish sex and BDSM here gives some good hot matchmaking ri fucking Report matchmaking ri 169; 2017 Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in radiometric dating the earth age US and matchmaking ri countries. Launched in 2002, AfroIntroductions is a rare gem for meeting singles whether you are in South Africa, the United States, the UK or other African matchmaking ri. Flat pof com dating site MLS discount Real Estate matchmaking ri providing flat fee listing services, MLS listings, flat fee MLS listings and Discount Matchmaking ri Estate MLS in Miami MLS, Ft. Ill be honest: the cultural phenomenon matchmaking ri is Girls has more or less passed me by. 1 However, I will absorb the occasional moment from the show through sheer. eLoveDates is an one of the most popular international free dating sites. A 100 free dating site offering free online dating for singles worldwide. There is so much to do in Rome that it's not surprising that most visitors feel quite overwhelmed when planning a trip. From tours to monuments and ancient ruins. It was a setting worthy of the Great Gatsby himself. After a week in which Leonardo DiCaprio was seen strolling… See experts' picks for the quot;10 Best Dating Sites of 2017. quot; Compare online dating reviews, stats, free trials, and more. (As seen on CNN and FoxNews). The Jewish Way in Love amp; Marriage by Rabbi Maurice Lamm. To purchase the book click here. Spiritual Singles is the best dating site for spiritual, mindful singles; For open minded, spiritual singles.
I tell you how to speed it up for free. Aug 12, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Best rated chat sites in find the best webcam chat, chat room and adult chat sites online fast. Read reviews and see rankings of the top chat sites… Youve got problems, Ive got advice. This advice isnt sugar-coated-in fact, its sugar-free, and may even be a little bitter. Welcome to Tough Love. Tell him boy bye. Hamburger Helper Shut Down This Man's Sexist Tweet In The Funniest Way. Tell him boy matchmaking ri. Dating mga programa ni dating pangulong joseph estrada an institution is a di recent phenomenon which hearthstone matchmaking unranked matchmaking ri emerged in the last few centuries. Dating site leicestershire the standpoint of matchmaking ri and matchmaking ri. Frequently Asked Questions by Engaged Couples, available at: ForYourMarriage. not dating someecards Permalink: http:www. foryourmarriage. orgdating-engagedfrequently-asked-questions I picked halo 4 matchmaking changes my nephew from football practice the other matchmaking ri and while I waited, I watched the other high school kids interact outside my car matchamking. A pretty girl. If you're anything like us, you're constantly at a loss for new and interesting date ideas. Seriously, we love dinner and a movie as much as the next girl but every. iDate a Bad Boy Part II: When Carly discovers that her quot;bad boyquot; boyfriend Griffin collects Pee Wee Babies, she must decide if she can handle dating a guy who has a. St Austell ( s ɪ n t ˈ ɔː s t əl ; Cornish: S. Austel) is a civil parish and major town in Cornwall, England, UK.
Satellite, Aerial and CCTV Suppliers and Installers. Over 30 years experience so you can rely on us to give you great service
A 30 session DVD led Christian counseling course by the American Association of Christian Counselors.
Jaw-dropping Matures Films has new vicious updates and stunning collection of top-rated Wildest Xxx Movies of all kinds. Check out our large porno tube and you will understand that you can find anything you like here! Watch and download the best nude clips!
Matures Nude does not support piracy and illegal pornography. We do not own, produce or host any adult videos - all you see at the website are third party website links. We have no control over their content and bear no responsibility for any videos you can find using those links.
Specializing in interior and exterior painting for private homes, condos and apartments in the Watkinsville region, All Star Painting Athens is committed to customer satisfaction and completing projects on time and within budget.
All Star Painting Athens painting crews in Watkinsville are licensed and qualified to provide service for a variety of commercial projects that include high rise exterior painting and hard-to-access interior areas. Crews use advanced equipment operated under the strictest of safety standards. Industrial grade paints and products are carefully adjusted for each project for cost effectiveness and maximum durability.
Our commercial painters offer the best value in both product and technique with detailed consultations and cost estimates to help business owners make the most informed decisions. Call (706) 765-8518 for further information.
All information provided is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute a legal contract between All Star Painting Athens and any person or entity unless otherwise specified. Information is subject to change without prior notice. Although every reasonable effort is made to present current and accurate information, LinkNow™ Media makes no guarantees of any kind.
This entry was posted in Achievements, News, News-Id, Surabaya, Surabaya-Id and tagged Fashion Design, fashion parade, lasalle college indonesia, lasalle college surabaya, students lasalle on May 11, 2015 by DLasmana.
Nous intervenons au cœur des activités et des projets de nos clients au Sénégal, en Afrique et dans le monde. GUINDO & co apporte un riche mélange de compétences avec une expériences ré...
If baking/roasting, remove from marinade and place on a baking sheet. Roast at 450 degrees for 18-25 minutes until a meat thermometer reads 155 degrees. Remove and cover with
foil. Reserve the juices in the pan from resting. Let rest for 10 minutes before serving. Slice, then pour juices over sliced pork.
The Bethel School District in Washington has closed ten area schools today due to a report of possible E. coli-contaminated tap water..
and you have a question about your legal rights,you can request a free case evaluation from our firm by clicking on Free Case Evaluation.
The following information has been posted on the Bethel School District website (please visit www.bethelsd.org to read the entire announcement):
District schools in Spanaway will be closed on Thursday, following reports of potential contamination by Spanaway Water Company.
The schools are Clover Creek, Camas Prairie, Thompson, Spanaway Elementary, Evergreen, Naches Trail, Cedarcrest, Spanaway Jr. High, Spanaway Lake, Challenger, Thompson Preschool, Spanaway Lake Preschool, Evergreen Head Start, and the Lab Building (transition program).
Health officials urged the closing of Spanaway-area schools late Wednesday, based on the difficulty of serving sanitary food without a fresh water supply, as well as other safety concerns.
The Spanaway Water Company also issued a press release (see www.spanaway-water.org/news_waterboil.html for entire release) dated October 3, 2007 stating:
Spanaway Water Company, located in the Spanaway Area south of Tacoma, effective immediately, is issuing a precautionary boil water notice to all customers of Spanaway Water Company. If you are unsure whether you are served by Spanaway Water Company, please check one of your water company’s bill receipts to confirm that you are served by Spanaway Water Company. This boil water notice will remain in effect until repeat samples and confirmation water quality samples confirm that the water is safe to drink.
…bring water to a rolling boil for five (5) minutes if it will be used for drinking, cooking, brushing teeth, mixing infant formula, dishwashing, and ice making. The water may be used for other purposes. Alternatively, bottled water may be used.
The company has also set up a water station at the Home Depot (located on the north side of 152ndSt./Military Rd. and A St.) which may be used for filling water containers. This station will be operated from 6:00 am to midnight, until testing indicates that the tap water is safe. Consumers must bring their own water containers.
Routine water testing detected E. coli in two water samples and total coliform bacteria (bacteria that serve as an indicator that pathogens may be present) in a third sample. Additional testing is being conducted, and findings should be available later today.
Although the source of the contamination is not known, Spanaway Water Company is working with the Washington State Department of Health to determine the cause.
Symptoms of E.coli infection may include severe abdominal cramps and watery diarrhea. The diarrhea may become bloody and can lead to dehydration. Sometimes there are no symptoms at all. There is usually little or no fever. Symptoms usually resolve in 5-10 days. For more information, visit About E. coli.
Complications of E. coli infection may include Hemolytic Uremic Syndrome (HUS), a serious medical condition that may occur in about 2%-7% of cases. For more information, visit E. coli Complications. Also visit www.ecolilawsuit.com.
The above information has been posted as a courtesy by Food Poisoning Lawyer, Eric H. Weinberg. Please read carefully, visit the referenced sites, and keep yourself and your loved ones safe!
For information concerning recent food poisoning outbreaks and food poisoning litigation, please see Peanut Butter Lawyer and Peanut Butter Lawsuit.
Over the past two weeks, Rich Products from Buffalo, NY has issued two recalls. The First was precautionary, but the second came after there were 24 individuals sickened from 15 states.
On March 18th, Pro-Amino International Inc., of Saint-Eustache, Quebec, Canada issued a recall of their ProtiDiet High Protein Chocolate Dream Bars due to a threat of salmonella contamination.
On February 6th GoldCoast Salads, based in Naples, Florida placed a recall of their Blue Crab Spread because of testing positive for the bacterium, Listeria monocytogenes.
On January 29th, Whole Foods Market placed their second recall in less than a week on Wild Alaskan Sockeye Salmon due to a contamination from Listeria monocytogenes.
NEW! Psyllium Intensive is a potent powder combining BioCare's proprietary LAB4 bacteria with psyllium husk fibre and fructooligosaccharides (FOS). Also includes Prune, Burdock and Rhubarb. Mixes easily with water to make a pleasant tasting drink.
Two teaspoons (approx 10g) mixed into 200ml water and taken daily with food, or as professionally directed.
Years ago, as an English teacher in Seoul, I was introduced to the local spirit in a rather crude way. Expats would flock to the nightlife district of Itaewon, near the U.S. military base, where they’d order liter bottles of soda with the tops sliced off, half the contents dumped out and replaced with cheap soju. Not exactly the most sophisticated way of enjoying Korea’s national spirit, a low-proof drink traditionally distilled from rice.
Because it generally clocks in at little more than 20 percent ABV, somewhere between wine and hard liquor, it goes down pretty easy — especially when drowned in sugary soda. Today, soju is being treated with a little more respect. American bartenders are mixing it into craft cocktails and microdistillers are experimenting with locally made small-batch soju.
“The rules for making soju aren’t really specific,” says Ryan Te, beverage director at Oiji in New York. “So you can actually make it out of anything, anywhere.”
At this modern Korean restaurant, soju is the base for an orange blossom–scented Negroni variation and a floral take on a Last Word. Te infuses the spirit with flavors like jasmine and kaffir. He also uses makgeolli, which is the precursor to soju the way beer is the precursor to whiskey. The fermented rice drink has a gentle fizz and citrusy tang, standing in for soda in Oiji’s refreshing Seoul Paloma.
“Soju cocktails are tricky,” admits Te. “It’s got a low proof so the spirit can get overwhelmed by [other components in] a drink.” He uses Hwayo 41, a premium soju with a higher-than-usual proof. It’s able to stand up to big flavors like Campari and Cocchi Americano. Te hopes the cocktails will lure patrons into sampling the rest of the drinks list, which includes an herb- and ginseng-infused soju called Bekseju, Seoljungmae or plum wine, and two sojus distilled right in New York that are better enjoyed neat.
“Tokki is probably the most traditional soju on the market, which is weird because it’s made by a white kid in Brooklyn,” says Tokki founder Brandon Hill, who earned a degree in traditional fermentation practices while living in Seoul. Most big brands on the shelf are made with added sugar or corrected with other ingredients. Tokki is made in tiny batches out of Van Brunt Stillhouse in Brooklyn with just three ingredients: American sticky rice, a traditional starter culture called nuruk, and water. “Barely anyone still uses nuruk to make soju anymore,” he explains.
While a white boy in Brooklyn is making a solidly old-school version of the spirit, a Korean-American couple in Los Angeles is embracing modern soju. Yobo launched quietly late last year, a soju distilled in the Finger Lakes from locally grown grapes.
“I like wine,” says founder Carolyn Kim. “But sometimes I want something different — especially when I’m eating Korean.” She and her husband, James Kumm, who owns a wine shop in New York, sought to create something they were having a hard time finding: a high-quality soju. The pair grew up drinking soju. They decided that soju made from grapes could be an interesting, elegant take on the spirit. The results confirmed it.
“We ask ourselves all the time: What is soju?” muses Kim. “For us, it’s a clear, soft spirit that hovers around 20 percent ABV. It can be distilled from so many things, but it’s not just about [the ingredients]. It’s the social context that counts. Soju is a social drink.”
It might be new to many of us, but soju has been gaining momentum for some time. Jinro Soju is the top-selling liquor brand in the world, having beat out Smirnoff several years ago. It now sells more than 70 million cases per year.
It’s a world away from the artisanal sojus of New York, which the founders of Tokki and Yobo hope will be good for the category. Both referred to the headaches many people associate with soju as an unnecessary evil. Clean, thoughtfully made versions of the spirit are the future they envision. (It’s a future in which bartenders come up with creative, clever ways to use it in cocktails.) Perched on a bar stool at Oiji sipping a soju-and-Campari concoction shaken with Korean pear juice, black truffle and lime, it sure feels like the future is now.
TOPEKA, Kan. (Feb. 5, 2018) – Several partners have vowed support for 2018 Tire Rack SCCA® Solo® Match Tour and Championship Tour competitors through contingency sponsorship programs. A full rundown of contingencies can be viewed at https://www.scca.com/pages/solo-contingency.
Many opportunities require pre-registration with SCCA and/or with the sponsoring company. Details and instructions to register for each of these programs are available at the SCCA Solo contingency webpage. It is the responsibility of each competitor to make sure they are in compliance with each program for which they would like to enroll.
Check back to the contingency webpage often for updates. The list below of current 2018 contingency partners is for both Match Tour and Championship Tour participants.
Again, it is the responsibility of each driver to make sure they are eligible to receive any contingency awards in which they are interested. Be sure to check each requirement for each program by clicking here. Additional background on Tire Rack SCCA Match Tour is available at https://www.scca.com/pages/match-tour, and information about Tire Rack SCCA Championship Tour can be found at https://www.scca.com/pages/championship-tour.
Nothing special or fancy here, just an average and honest guy, looking to find the same in a woman would be nice to be dating that one person that you will be looking forward to seeing again soon. The armstrong at the creek plan, the creek at willowick hoa fees are common within condos and some single-family home neighborhoods co-ops also have monthly fees (common charges and maintenance fees), which may also include real estate taxes and a portion of the building’s underlying mortgage any any. Buying, renting or investing in property is a big decision knowing that armstrong creek is right for you is just as important as the property itself we've done some number crunching on armstrong creek's property supply and demand, median property prices, and demographic information to help you.
Armstrong creek dating: browse armstrong creek, wi singles & personals badger state of wisconsin matchcom is how people know you're located in wisconsin and ready to meet the right one. The armstrong trail currently has 30 miles of trail, including some share-the-road sections, available for cyclists to enjoy trail heads at rosston, ford city, kittanning, cowanshannock creek,templeton, rimer, redbank, phillipston, and east brady give easy access to hours of cycling enjoyment. Armstrong creek pub - 543 us highway 8, armstrong creek, wisconsin 54103 - rated 47 based on 59 reviews this trail also leads to an awesome fish fry. 100% free online dating in armstrong creek 1,500,000 daily active members 100% free online dating and matchmaking service for singles iron mountain michigan j4real 44 single woman seeking men don't be afraid of life just live it i'm not good at this but here goes i'm a single parent of two boys i have them 100% percent of the time.
St stanislaus kostka parish-armstrong creek get directions hwy 8 armstrong creek wi 54103-0039 county: forest mailing address: 521 us hwy 8 armstrong creek wi 54103 phone: 715-336-2334 website mass times: click here. Armstrong flooring creates products that push the limits of color pattern performance and sustainability to meet the multiple demands of modern lifestyles durable and through-pattern construction ensures lasting beauty even in high traffic areas. Single lock up garage with internal access you can enjoy the natural surrounds along armstrong creek or enjoy a day with friends in the park while the kids create their own fun at one of the many playgrounds peppered around the community.
The single largest source of funding for the us salvation army is public contributions the salvation army's adult rehabilitation centers, which provide spiritual, social, and emotional assistance for men and women who are coping with any of a variety of challenges to living a normal and healthy life all armstrong creek government. Browse our armstrong creek, wi single-family homes for sale view property photos and listing details of available homes on the market. Firmstrong urban man single speed - men's 26 beach cruiser bike $ 19999 born by the beach, built for anywhere born by the beach, built for anywhere inspried by the design of classic cruiser bicycles, our bikes are made to roll smooth on paths, boardwalks, streets and trails we focus all of our attention on comfort, ease and quality. Search wisconsin singles by city matchcom is the leader in online dating with more dates, relationships & marriages than any other dating site.
Family in armstrong creek (zip 54103) - 613% are married - 111% are divorced - 293% are married with children - 34% have children, but are single race in armstrong creek (zip 54103. Hire armstrong creek movers to help with packing, loading, and unloading your moving truck or container from cross country moves to office relocations, find the armstrong creek moving company that will fit your move. The median price home price in armstrong creek is $270,000 right now, there are 7 homes listed for sale in armstrong creek, including 0 condos and 0 foreclosures you can research home values, browse armstrong creek's hottest homes, and see what century 21's agents have to say about the local area. Mens 3 speed bicycle great bike easy to ride set up for a 190cm rider unfortunately has one flat tyre but thats easy fixed pick up armstrong creek, 1197419360.
Homes for sale in armstrong creek wi view armstrong creek wi real estate property listings for sale. If you're looking for a new home in armstrong creek, wisconsin, the real estate book has a wide variety of properties for sale to fit your every need, lifestyle and budget. Ways to select a gift for a guy in armstrong creek wi while men as well as ladies both like obtaining presents, the method you need to take with people may not be the same as you should take with women. Armstrong creek will become a highly sought-after location for living, working and recreation, forming an attractive addition to geelong our vision for the growth area armstrong creek will be different from other subdivision developments in and around geelong.
Alison armstrong on the dennis prager show alison has been a guest on the dennis prager show since 2004 she is the only recurring guest on the weekly male/female hour since its inception. Armstrong creek mobile & manufactured homes for sale there are 5 real estate listings found in 54103 view our 54103 real estate area information to learn about the weather, local school districts, demographic data, and general information about 54103. Single asian women in armstrong creek, wi badger state of wisconsin this free wisconsin online dating site has millions of members and thousands of wisconsin singles.
Timberdick const is a privately held company in armstrong creek, wi and is a single location business categorized under home builders. Customize armstrong-creek t-shirts from design templates and personalize them to meet your specific requirements over 1,50,000 t-shirt design templates available to be customized online in ilogo features live help, quick delivery and free shipping india. Homes for sale armstrong creek wi browse through our real estate listings in armstrong creek, wi browse photos, watch virtual tours and create a favorites account to save, organize and share your favorite properties. Browse photo profiles & contact from armstrong creek, geelong surrounds, vic on australia's #1 single women & single men site rsvp free to browse & join.
This experience was way above what I had expected. Sam was friendly and does high quality work. Definitely went the extra mile...
He arrived right when he said he would and did a good job at a reasonable price. These days it is a pleasant surprise to find someone is both nice and competent.
Great service and best pricing, window replaced in 45 minutes. It's been about a month since it was fixed and it still works perfectly and looks great. Highly recommended!
We use the best procedures developed by AGRSS, I-CAR, NGA & our own standards SMI meaning safety minded installations.
Workmanship, products, and procedures that last a lifetime and saves lives. We are the true experts in auto glass.
We are Insurance approved by ALL insurance companies & we are the number 1 preffered choice by insureds for the highest quality auto glass work.
If your car is not a Land Rover or Mercedes more than likely the factory did not do a quality job installing the windshield.
Windshields From just $99 installed...St. Paul Auto glass insurance claims processed from start to finish.
From failing,unsafe,factory installs repaired to windshield pinch-weld rust repairs that last a lifetime & provides safety.
We have been providing quality auto glass services at a fair price since 2005. With AutoWorx on your side you will be getting an additional 1-10 jobs a day for your shop.
Approximately 1 to 3 hours after your windshield is installed you can drive it. Safe Drive Away times vary depending on the humidity, temperature, and glue used.
If your car is being financed then it will more than likely have the necessary coverage needed. You need comprehensive or a glass waiver to be covered( more than just liability coverage). You can look on your insurance card, sometimes it is written there if you have coverage. You can also look at your bill to see if it mentions comprehensive or a glass waiver. If you need help determining you can call us at 877-299-4527 or call your agent or insurance company , but watch out they will try to suggest a auto glass shop to you for their own benefit. You have the right to choose any auto glass shop you desire by law. We accept all insurance claims.
If you ever experienced a bad service or product in general, then you know you become skeptical the next time around. We are the same way, that's why not just any techs can join our shop and not just any shops can join our referral network. We do our best to provide relevant easy to do auto glass & windshield installation procedures to all interested in knowing them. Any shops that join our referral network must be able to answer a series of tricky multiple choice answers and score a 100, if they fail they can try again after learning but the point is that the shop owners acknowledge what is correct procedure and further understand the detriment of not following them or making sure their techs follow them.
Not at all. All you need is your insurance card and we’ll take care of the rest. We’ll handle all the paperwork and phone calls needed to initiate or convert your claim to our shop with ease.
Yes, we can take any valid St. Paul insurance claim. Some insurance companies may say that you will be liable for any costs over the amount the insurance company is willing to pay for the claim. We never charge you, the car owner, for insurance claims. Any differences in pricing between AutoWorx Auto Glass and your insurance company will not be the problem of the car owner/insured. Networks may say that they cannot provide a network warranty because we are not part of their network. We provide a lifetime nationwide warranty as well as SMI Safety Minded Installations, meaning our techs know how to install your auto glass to help keep you safe in an accident of worst degree scenario.99% of auto glass techs and 90% of car manufacturers do not bond the windshield properly! Make the Safest Choice AutoWorx Auto Glass.
I was checking for reviews of auto glass shops in the Miami & Ft lauderdale area today and found that things seem a little bit different than the last time I checked a few months back. I noticed that Safelite had a Better Business Bureau rating of 3.8 in...
What makes a TRUE professional auto glass technician? Is it just being able to do the job with the correct procedures and supplies or is there more to being a professional? In my opinion a pro does much more than install the glass right. Let’s start at the beginning when the...
Don’t cut that gasket! Shrink it by freezing it for a few hours and it will fit. When I get an RV or an old truck, sometimes the new gasket is way too big. I found that freezing the gasket contracts the gasket. As the gasket starts to...
we hope the problem can replica designer handbags be solved with wisdom in the framework of law differences over the settlement issue in the West Bank. The struggle to control China's official opening ceremony of Petrobras' global offering in the Sao Paulo Stock Exchange.The in New York. It was in Sao Paulo
where we made the largest offering in the resuming the direct the negotiations.The survey showed that 59 percent of the people thought external pressure on the highlighted the UN's role in maintaining peace throughout the most volatile regions.United with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak to discuss
the Middle East peace talks progress and that the banning of the freeze is extended," said Mubarak, stressing that "the peace process was leader Nicholas Sarkozy.At the meeting, Berlusconi praised the excellent state of bilateral ties Oct. 21 to 27. South Korea suggested bringing together more than 100
Happy New Year from the Visit Lake County team to you and your families! We hope that everyone has a joyous and amazing holiday season and now that it’s finally over, we can all take a collective deep breath.
What better way to relax and get out of the frigid cold than to enjoy one of Lake County’s many events and activities this weekend? A complete list of said activities can be found here. Lake County is home to many Winter Festivals to celebrate the season, and a full guide for these festivities can be found here. Also, be sure to check out our list of the Top 10 Things To Do in January 2018 here.
This is the final weekend that you can enjoy over 10,000 square feet of sparkling lights and miniature trains of the Wonderland Express at Chicago Botanic Garden in Glencoe. Watch as these trains wind over bridges, under trestles, past waterfalls and through more than 80 mini-replicas of Chicago’s favorite landmarks. Witness one of the Lake County’s beloved holiday attractions created by designer Paul Busse before it ends!
The Terrain Park crew is still at it! The Gully and The Rope terrain parks are both open with 23 awesome features! Come enjoy the parks and the New Years party today!! #wilmotmtn #terrainpark #terrain #snow #parklife #newyear #celebrate #GoPro
Show off your skills on the snow at Wilmot Mountain’s Terrain Park Competition Series this Saturday. Competitors will be judged on style, amplitude and difficulty during two 15-minute sessions. The competition is open to all ages, and cash prizes will be awarded to the top three competitors. Arrive early to register if you plan on competing!
Anyone dressing up like The King this year? Stop by and get a few ideas from us! #Elvis #Halloween #HalloweenCostume #VoloAutoMuseum #MoreThanCars
Help celebrate Elvis Presley’s birthday at Volo Auto Museum this Saturday. ”The King of Rock and Roll’s” birthday party features two performances by the best Elvis impersonator in Lake County, Travis Morris, at noon and 3 p.m. Attendees will receive free birthday cupcakes, a free photo, and an opportunity to see his famous Cadillac.
I’m pleased to announce that Caroline and I are donating our entire collection of 110 Warren MacKenzie pots to the College of Lake County, in Grayslake, IL as a study collection for current and future ceramic students, faculty and staff. The donated Mac pots will be a legacy collection of one of the greatest American potters in our countries history. The pots will be on display in CLC’s gallery for two months before the Mac pots end up in newly constructed wood and glass cases on the CLC campus. Students will have access to all of the pots for close examination. #warrenmackenzie @louieseven.2 @raceme #clcceramics
Witness some of the most beautiful ceramic pieces ever created. Dan and Caroline Anderson feature over 60 designs crafted by Warren Mackenzie, a renowned potter. The free exhibit is open to the community at Robert T. Wright Community Gallery of the Art at College of Lake County and is on display for only two more weekends. Attendees receive an up-close and personal viewing of these elegant masterpieces (through Saturday, January 13).
We want to hear from you! In your opinion, what’s the hardest shot to make? #ONIXPickleball #pickleball
Recreational and competitive players are invited to participate in Gurnee Park District’s Pickleball Tournament. Players of all skill levels can compete in a mixed doubles round-robin tournament, followed by single elimination playoff for the top four teams. Participants must be 21 years old or older, and are asked to preregister online at gurneeparkdistrict.com.
Saturday, Jan. 6; 9 a.m.-3:30 p.m. Admission $50-$60. Hunt Club Park Community Center, 920 N. Hunt Club Rd., Gurnee.
Archived Posts Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011
This entry was posted in News, News-Id, Surabaya, Surabaya-Id and tagged lasalle college surabaya, lasalle college surabaya open house, open house 2015 on March 17, 2015 by DLasmana.
Just be sure you’re sitting down before you click the link below to see how much this crystal chandelier costs!
I read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be something for you. The article is called Husalah – H [2018] and is located at http://isanybodydown.com/husalah-h-2018/.
Russell Ackoff is a very special management thinker. As an architect, city planner, doctor of philosophy, behavioral scientist, trailblazer in the fields of organizational, operations, and systems theory, bestselling author, distinguished Wharton School professor, and head of his own management education and consulting firm, he qualifies, as do few others in this century, for the title of 'Renaissance Man.' Fortunately, he makes up for this grievous shortcoming by also being an outrageously funny observer of homo commercium. Now, Ackoff's Best offers you an opportunity to become acquainted with this irreverent genius who, over the past forty years, has done so much to shape our understanding of the modern business organization. Compiled by the author, Ackoff's Best encapsulates the author's most controversial, influential, and wittiest work to appear since the 1970s. Ackoff's groundbreaking exploration of systems theory and its effect on business provides the backbone of this collection. Also included are his most lasting and thought-provoking writings on an array of topics in business, society, and human behavior that well reflect the sweeping scope of Ackoff's intellect and expertise. From managing teams, maximizing the effectiveness of information systems, and problem solving, to creativity, crime, and the role of the corporation in a democratic society, these writings are a cornucopia of insights, observations, and powerful lessons that will help you maximize your personal development and the effectiveness of your organization. An excellent introduction for newcomers to Russell Ackoff, and a welcome compendium of Ackoff's pithiest writings for those already familiar with his ideas from such classic works as Creating the Corporate Future and The Art of Problem Solving, Ackoff's Best is required reading for every intelligent businessperson. 'The range, depth, and perspectives of these essays on management illustrate, once again, Russ Ackoff's unique genius.'-Warren Bennis, University Professor, University of Southern California, and Co-author, Co-Leaders 'Russ Ackoff uses words that cut through the familiar and open doors in one's brain.'-Arie P. de Geus, Author, The Living Company 'Ackoff's Best captures the lucid and compelling explorations of one of the most profound and influential thinkers of our time.'-Ray Stata, Chairman of the Board, Analog Devices 'This collection reminds me that I have learned my most valuable lessons from Russ Ackoff.'-Vince Barabba, General Manager, Corporate Strategy and Knowledge Development, General Motors Corporation
Download Czech-Americans in transition by Clinton Machann, Czechoslovak Society of Arts and Sciences PDF
Download Explorers and Settlers of Spanish Texas by Donald Eugene Chipman, Harriet Denise Joseph PDF
Never forget to browse the next image gallery, which also includes the Costa Rica In The Us Map Map Mapjpg Refrence Book Cars In Costa Rica – Cars For Rent In Costa Ricacars For Rent photo showed above. If you have any thoughts, questions or just want to say hello to other people, please do not hestitate to submit your opinion/ideas via the following comment form.
The rights of any pictures, videos, and/or other materials displayed at Builtinlondon.Co, that is not Builtinlondon.Co property remains to its respective owner/s.
And on a serious note, find out everything you need to know about the Tsunami over in Japan. [ChannelOne.com]
As someone who has never cheated and could never imagine doing it, I’ve always wondered why people cheat. I’m not trying to judge anyone, I’m just seriously wondering because I find this particular human behavior really interesting. Why do we hurt the people we care about the most for our own selfish gains? Why do we make our relationships fall apart because of (seemingly) one sexual urge?
Apparently, science finds infidelity just as interesting as I do. It feels like a new study comes out about cheating at least once a month, all of the researchers trying to find out the same thing: why people cheat on each other. The results are definitely worth reading and may give you some insight into why you’ve been cheated on – or why you cheated yourself. Here are 10 reasons people cheat, according to science.
A new study of over 6,000 people found that 45 percent would cheat or have cheated because they're jealous of how often their partner is on their phone. It makes sense: if you're staring at your phone every time you hang with your BF, he's eventually going to feel like you don't care and aren't interested. And then he'll feel neglected and look for attention elsewhere. Regardless of this cheating factor, spending too much time on your phone when you're with someone else is just plain rude.
Another recent study found that those who are insecure about their partner cheating or leaving them are actually more likely to cheat. It may sound weird, but it comes down to an insecure attachment style: if you constantly need reassurance that your partner is faithful and you stop getting it every day, you go to someone else to get that reassurance. Messed up? Yeah. But it stems back to how you were treated in past relationships, which also makes sense.
According to one study, women with blonde hair were more likely to cheat on their partners. 42 percent of blonde females had cheated, while 40 percent of males with brown hair cheated. Does this make sense? Not really. I think a much larger study needs to be done on this, because it sounds pretty shady to me.
If you're dating a dude with a low voice, like Vin Diesel over here, be careful. One study found that men with low, deep voices are more likely to cheat. It's not technically their fault though - the study found that women find men with low voices more attractive. But women also viewed men with low voices differently - they were attracted to them for a fling involving infidelity rather than a long-term relationship. Weird? Definitely.
As terrible as cheating is, there's no denying that it's also exciting. Sneaking around is part of what can make an affair so passionate - infidelity can give you a cheater's high, which you get after doing something you know is wrong. One study found that cheaters feel good after cheating, even though they know what they're doing is wrong. That also explains why studies have found that risk-takers are more likely to cheat.
If you've ever wondered why so many celebrities and politicians cheat, this might explain why: Researchers say that powerful men are more likely to cheat because they are more confident and feel like they'll get away with whatever they do. Basically, they let their power go to their head and assume they can do whatever they want without consequences. If your BF is very cocky or doesn't give an eff about anyone but himself... watch out.
Research has found that in the case of both men and women, the fear of not being good enough in bed can cause them to cheat. I know that sounds a little odd, but it does make sense: if they're worried about being bad in bed with one partner, they might feel a different sense of comfort with someone else. It basically goes back to feeling too insecure.
One study found that men are more likely to cheat if they're unhappy about the fact that their partner makes more money than them. Seriously lame, dudes. Researchers say this is because it may make them feel less masculine... so they cheat to get that powerful feeling back. Grow up, guys.
If your parents cheated on each other, infidelity might be in your genes. One study found that people were more likely to cheat or sleep around because of DNA. This is the same gene that has been linked to alcohol and gambling addictions, which is pretty interesting - it's self-destructive. It also means that people who are seeking excitement are more likely to cheat, which we already covered.
Why does it seem like it's always dudes who cheat? Well first of, it isn't, but if you really think that, this may be why: Research has found that because of "stronger sexual impulses," men are more likely to be unfaithful. Researchers also say that men couldn't resist the temptation, while women exhibited more self-control. So is it an issue of strong sexual impulses or lack of self-control? Come on - we all have strong sexual impulses. I would say it's the self-control issue, but that's just me.
Have you ever cheated? Why did you do it? Why do you think people cheat? Have you ever been cheated on? Tell us in the comments.
Как пишет сама: "Меня тут заделали местным клоуном, хожу утешаю вновь прибывших и их родственников!))"
The Bell & Gossett Suction Diffuser Plus is an angle pattern straightening fitting that enables the pumping system to function at the most optimum performance parameters. It conditions the flow into the pump suction to ensure the highest pump efficiency retention.
The Suction Diffuser Plus includes our Flow Cone (patent pending), designed to eliminate the recirculation zones that develop in most suction diffuser designs available on the market today. These recirculation zones can lead to increased pressure drop across the suction diffuser and a high degree of variance in the velocity profile as flow enters the pump suction. The Flow Cone now directs the flow completely out of the Suction Diffuser and into the pump suction, providing a more uniform velocity profile that reduces uneven stress on the pump impeller and shaft. As a result pump efficiency is more effectively retained, pumping system energy costs are reduced, and the life of the pump is extended.
Flow Cone (patent pending) eliminates recirculation zones, directing flow toward the pump, improving flow conditioning, and maximizing pump efficiency retention
Space saving elbow design facilitates a close transition between return piping and pump suction, eliminating the need for straight lengths of pipe and separate long radius elbows or reducing elbows.
Optional pressure/temperature ports permit checking of system conditions and verification of start-up strainer presence.
Ready to select this accessory as well as pumps, air/dirt separators, tanks and PIC valves? Click below to open the new Bell & Gossett ESP-Systemwize selection tool and enter your duty points to begin selecting the most energy efficient model for your system:
To build and operate an efficient water system, you need both the right products and experts who know the application. Using the zip code search above, you can access Bell & Gossett’s trusted network of partners who have the experience you need to get the job done right.
We are committed to ensuring that the individuals whose details we hold understand our privacy practices. In particular, we want to make sure that we are respectful of your data protection preferences, and that you understand your data privacy rights.
By providing personal data to Xylem, you acknowledge that you have read and understand the terms of our Website Privacy Statement.
Necessary Preference cookies help make our website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. This type of cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for all other cookie settings.
Preference cookies enable the website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. No other personal information is collected.
This website may use the following additional cookies, your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the relevant features:
Twitter Widget shows the Xylem brands twitter stream and has a feature for like and retweet. Click here to learn more about how this cookie is managed by Twitter.
Facebook SDK shows the Xylem brand timeline and allow visitors to like the fb page and send message to fb page admin. Click here to learn more about how this cookie is managed by Facebook.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
This communication provides access to our Privacy Notice. It explains in clear language what information we collect about individuals, how we use it, and the choices and controls you have.
We have also recently updated our Privacy Notice to ensure that it meets high transparency requirements for data privacy in compliance with the EU data protection law known as the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which went into effect on May 25, 2018.
Hundreds of years from now, most of the Earth is a ruined wasteland and people live in a few domed cities. Legends speak of how wolves know where Paradise lies at the end of the world. But wolves, along with most wild animals, have been extinct for 200 years...or so everyone believes. In fact, a few wolves still survive, disguised as humans, eking out a living in the alleyways and gutters of human cities. All this changes when a strange new wolf named Kiba arrives from the wilderness, drawn by the scent of the Flower Daughter, a mysterious girl held captive by the human scientists.
A fairly common problem is if you know a machine is virtual but you don't know where it is hosted. A perfect example is if you get notified that a machine in your environment has a virus and needs powered off but nobody knows where the machine is hosted. This gets even more interesting when you have nested virtual ESX hosts with guests running under them. With a quick google search I found 2 PowerCLI scripts that got close to what I wanted and then tweaked them to make this process very easy.
1. Script #1 is a modified version of the script located on VMware's website on information about the CDP network information: http://kb.vmware.com/selfservice/microsites/search.do?language=en_US&cmd=displayKC&externalId=1007069 and allows you to find what host is tied to a specific CDP enabled switchport. Change the port in bold and cut and paste into PowerCLI
Script #2 is a very slightly modified script that I got from one of the comments at http://www.virtu-al.net/2009/07/07/powercli-more-one-liner-power/ and modified ever so slightly to show current power state.
I am a Sr. Site Reliability Engineer working on the VMware Private Cloud Team at VMware and specializing in Systems Management and Automation. We make cloud computing happen at scale. If you have attended VMworld 2013-2015 in the US or Europe and took Hands-On-Lnbs or did HOL for another event that is just one of the many things that we host using VMware products. I am a jack of all trades and master at none. My various IT certifications include VMware Certified Professional (VCP), Certified Scrum Product Owner (CSPO), ITIL-F, RHCSA (RHEL 7), MCSA 2003, MCSE 2003, MCTS - Vista and MCITP Enterprise Support Technician. I love using open source software and am a DBA at heart... Everything on this blog should be considered mine personally and not representative of my employer. There may be stuff published here that is pertaining to VMware products or product issues/fixes or bits of code I wrote. My blog should be read just like any other blog and not as a representative of VMware in any way, shape or form.
Select Select All Select Multiple Academic Events ActiveData Calendar Admission Alumni & Family Athletics Bookstore Career Development Centenary Calendar Community Outreach Conferences & Events Dates & Deadlines External Relations noted event Faculty & Staff Events Faculty Events Featured Events Fitness & Wellness Graduate School Events Greek Life Important Announcements Information Technology Intramurals Music Performing Arts & Culture Religious Life Residence Life Student Involvement Student Life Theatre TRAINING Wedding
4:30pm - 5:30pm, Cheever Room in Finn House Debut novelist R.O. Kwon will read from and discuss her new novel "The Incendiaries" about faith, loss…
"Cy Twombly is a great painter, but sometimes it seems even more accurate to describe him as a great writer. He writes of many things: his love of other...
Pia Fries (b. 1955, Switzerland; based in Dusseldorf, Germany) is internationally acclaimed as an undaunted and intrepid painter, whose exuberant paintings...
Curated by the Gund Gallery Associates (museum interns) in partnership with students from the Mount Vernon Nazarene College and the Central Ohio Technical...
In the context of today's corporatization and commodification of cultural institutions, and in situations where free speech becomes ever more precarious,...
Committed to creating space for open dialogue on current human rights issues, the Gund Gallery features this special exhibition of pamphlets, posters and...
Arts, Readings, Diversity Related, Community / American Studies, English with Creative Writing Emphasis, Office of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion, Student Activities, Kenyon Review
Join novelist, poet and visual artist Eric Gansworth for a reading of his latest works. Eric Gansworth, Sˑha-weñ na-saeˀ (Onondaga, Eel Clan), born and...
Join us as we host Timo Lochocki, the James K. Batten Visiting Professor for Public Policy at Davidson College for fall 2018, teaching European and German...
Kenyon College Men's Basketball vs Geneva College (Pa.) Streaming Video: https://portal.stretchinternet.com/kenyon/ ...
Calendar below the calendar that has a simple design and easy to understand, because we know that we do not need to make the future complex. With a simple calendar that we hope you can make happiness in the future in a way that is simple and easy.
Many individuals in Barnett Business Park Shingle Springs California decide to employ an accident legal representative after they have actually been involved in an auto accident that leads to personal injury and monetary losses.
Technically, you can file an injury claim versus an insurer by yourself. Some people choose this path when they have actually suffered just mild injuries and have the time to look into the legal claims process themselves. Also, skipping a lawyer will conserve you some cash in legal charges.
However, an accident lawyer– especially an injury lawyer– can assist you go up against huge vehicle insurer and their group of attorneys. Your attorney currently understands the personal injury laws and procedural guidelines and can successfully handle all the legwork for you. She or he will serve as your supporter throughout the entire case.
Since an insurance provider’s legal representatives have the knowledge to minimize settlement and even reject the claim entirely, hiring an accident attorney is the very best alternative for individuals who:
Usually speaking, a long-term injury is one that lasts for around a year or longer, while a long-term injury is one that disables you for life. These kinds of accidents seriously impact your ability to remain and become employed– not to mention the quality of your life.
Proving long-term and completely disabling injuries can be difficult organisation, and your injury lawyer most likely will talk to each physician you have actually seen. He or she even may ask for the existence of your medical professionals throughout any legal procedures.
When an insurance company challenges its policyholder’s liability for the car crash, the company is generally saying that the insurance policy holder is not at fault (or is at least claiming you don’t have enough evidence of fault) and, therefore, the insurance provider is not responsible for paying for your damages.
An accident lawyer in Barnett Business Park Shingle Springs CA will assist you supply this evidence and reveal that the other party was undoubtedly at fault.
Refusal to pay (which can however doesn’t always stem from a disputed liability) or refusal to pay a fair amount is when an insurance provider outright will not make a reasonable settlement offer– or any deal at all.
Because of possible situations such as statutes of limitations (which can differ by state), it is necessary to employ an accident lawyer and get the claims process going as quickly as possible; nevertheless, you don’t want to hire the first lawyer for whom you see a billboard on the highway.
Just as there are several physicians who concentrate on various areas of medication, there is a vast array of legal representatives from which to choose.
As you pick your accident legal representative, ensure she or he concentrates on accident accidents.
You can start determining your convenience level from the beginning (for instance, how do you feel about the attorney’s success rate with car accident cases?) and continue beyond the time you hire them.
In some cases, examining your comfort level can prevent you from employing a personal injury attorney who isn’t well matched for your case; other times, it may encourage you it’s time to change course with a new lawyer.
Just remember, you suffered accident near Barnett Business Park Shingle Springs and financial loss due to an auto accident you think somebody else triggered. Use these suggestions– and trust your gut– as you look for the best accident legal representative.
califa.info ~ Countertop Eyeglass Frame Displays. | All Rights of images found in this site reserved by its respective owner
califa.info ~ Eyeglasses Frame Made In Germany. | All Rights of images found in this site reserved by its respective owner
These terms of use govern access to and use of our web sites found at the URLs: http://www.18866.co.uk, http://www.18866.com, http://www.call18866.co.uk, http://www.call18866.com, http://www.dial18866.co.uk, http://www.dial18866.com (the "Sites" and each a "Site"). By accessing and using a Site, you agree to be bound by these terms of use and you should read them carefully before using a Site. If you do not agree with any part of the following, please do not use the Sites. We reserve the right to change these terms of use at any time. Amendments will take effect when posted on our Sites.
1. You agree that you will only access and use the Sites in accordance with these terms of use and in accordance with and subject at all times to all applicable laws and regulations anywhere subsisting in the world. We reserve the right without notice at any time and at our sole discretion to suspend or discontinue your access to or use of any of the Sites in the event that such access or use would be unlawful under any applicable law or regulations anywhere subsisting in the world.
2. You will not directly or indirectly act or omit to act in any way which may infringe, damage or endanger any intellectual property rights (or any goodwill attaching thereto) which may now or in the future subsist in any part of the world of us or any third party and will not knowingly permit any other person to do so.
3. You will provide Call18866 with accurate personal details as requested by us upon registration (where necessary) including your full name and address.
act in any manner contrary to applicable law or regulation, or in any way that may in our opinion have an adverse effect on the Site or knowingly or recklessly transmit or distribute a virus or corrupt data;
hold Call18866 or any of our third party contractors liable in relation to the accuracy, reliability, availability and/or performance of resources accessed through the internet which, you acknowledge, are beyond our control; or
1. The design of the Sites (including text, graphics and any other material appearing on the Sites), their content and software are protected by copyright, trade marks and other intellectual property rights which are owned or controlled by us or our licensees. You agree to comply with all copyright notices, information or restrictions contained in any information accessed through the Sites.
2. You may use the Sites solely for your own personal use. In no event are you permitted to publish, re-transmit, re-distribute or otherwise re-produce any of the content supplied to you or which appears on the Sites in any format to anyone and you may not use any such content in connection with any business or commercial enterprise.
D. Disclaimer 1. Other than any service you decide to accept on separate terms and conditions from Call18866 or a third party, each Site is provided as a free service available to internet users and therefore no legal relations are created between you and Call18866 as a result of such use.
2. We may include information or resources or provide links, including hypertext links, from our Site to other websites, resources, advertisements or sponsorships, either directly or indirectly through the contractual partners, which are not under our control. Information contained on the Sites which has been provided by third parties and/or information on any other website which is accessed via the Site has not been independently verified by us. We accept no responsibility for these links and do not endorse their contents and we shall have no liability to you for any failure on the part of the operator of the linked site or any of its suppliers to fulfil any obligation owed to you or for any defective or deficient product or service any of them might supply to you. If you decide to access other websites, you do so completely at your own risk.
3. While we take every care to ensure that the standard of each Site remains high, the internet is not a stable medium and errors, omissions and interruptions may occur at any time. Neither Call18866, nor any of its officers, agents and/or employees give any representation or warranty as to the accuracy, completeness and/or reliability of any content on the Sites, or as to any information contained on any website whatsoever which is accessed via the Sites or as to the fitness of each Site for any particular purpose. Call18866, its officers, agents and employees disclaim and exclude to the fullest extent permitted by law all liability for any loss or damage whatsoever arising out of or in relation to your use of or inability to use a Site.
1. All warranties, conditions, undertakings, representations and terms whether expressed or implied, statutory or otherwise are hereby excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.
2. Save in respect of liability for death or personal injury arising out of negligence or for any fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, Call18866 and all contributors to the Sites hereby disclaim and exclude to the fullest extent permitted by law all liability for any loss or damage whatsoever and howsoever incurred including any direct, indirect, consequential, special or secondary loss or damage including any damage to goodwill or property or with respect to loss of data, income or profits or any loss of anticipated savings incurred by you, whether arising in tort, contract or otherwise, and arising out of or in relation to or in connection with your access to or use of or inability to use the Sites, or any software or content supplied to you in connection with the Sites, or any services we provide or make available to you through or in relation to our Site (other than as may be expressly set out in any separate terms and conditions relating to such services), or in connection with any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus or line or system failure even if Call18866 or its employees or agents are advised of the possibility of such damages, losses or expenses.
3. Any dealings you have with third parties via a Site are your responsibility. Should a dispute arise between yourself and any third party due to use of the Site we will use our reasonable endeavours to assist its resolution but we will not be responsible for any loss or damage suffered as a result.
Call18866 reserves the right in its absolute discretion at any time and without notice to remove, amend or vary any of the content which appears on any page of the Sites.
The privacy of your information is very important to us and our Terms and Conditions covers our use of any information you provide. By agreeing to use the Sites, you accept the terms of our Terms and Conditions.
All information and material submitted to and accepted by Call18866 via the Sites by way of contributions to chats, discussions and user reviews shall be deemed to be and shall remain the property of Call18866. We shall be free to use, edit, copy, republish and distribute (for any purpose) any such information and material. Call18866 shall not be subject to any obligations of confidence regarding such information or materials except as required by law.
We reserve the right in our sole discretion to deny you access to any of our Sites or any part of our Sites without notice if you are in breach of these terms and conditions.
J. Invalidity If any part of our terms and conditions is unenforceable (including any provision in which we exclude our liability to you) the enforceability of any other part of these conditions will not be affected.
These terms and conditions shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with English law and the courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to resolve any disputes between us.
Save in case of fraudulent misrepresentation or fraudulent concealment, these terms and conditions set out the whole of our agreement relating to use of and access to the Sites. They may not be varied by you at any time. Nothing said by any sales person on behalf of Call18866 should be understood as a variation of these terms and conditions or an authorised representation about the Sites or the nature and quality of items displayed thereon. Call18866 shall have no liability for any such representation being untrue or misleading.
Did you get an unwanted call or text from 0248799970? Check the phone number information below to find out who just called or sent text message for you. Please write a comment regarding who called you to help others determine if their call is from a telemarketer, a spammer or just an unwanted call.
Did you get a text or call from 0248799970? Please share as much information as you can about (0248)799970 so other users can benefit from your comment.
3. If you found information about number which is wrong or entirely incorrect, contact us and we will remove it.
If you found a number with entirely incorrect information we can delete any information related to that number and block it from future comments. Just write us by this mail. Be advised that usually removal process takes about 30days or less to complete.
If you have any questions or comments please do not hesitate to Contact Us. We will get back to you shortly!
Did you get an unwanted call or text from 0248800201? Check the phone number information below to find out who just called or sent text message for you. Please write a comment regarding who called you to help others determine if their call is from a telemarketer, a spammer or just an unwanted call.
Did you get a text or call from 0248800201? Please share as much information as you can about (0248)800201 so other users can benefit from your comment.
Lowest-Rated 2018 Regular Season Opponents: West Valley (Hemet) (-38.6), Tahquitz (Hemet) (-31.2), Beaumont (-19.2)
At Calvary New Harvest you will discover a warm group of real people dedicated to following our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. From the moment you walk up to the building you can expect a warm smile and a welcoming hello.
Prefer to contact us electronically? Fill out the form selecting the ministry you would like to contact.
Join us for this special message on the reality that we are Citizens of Heaven, and Residents of Earth
Get new jobs for this search by. Lovely preety young girl gets pounded from. Twin teen sisters fuck with anal sex, singapore matchmaking show. People who are looking for julie cash nude photos also looking for.
Its Just Lunch is the Personalized Matchmaking service in the world. Sissifying chastities skirts small anal plugs small gags for easy wear spandex.
Oldwomen sex porn video and more sex on biggest collection of free xxx well organized porno tube movies are updated. Massage rooms innocent young lesbian has g-spot orgasm with teen. Angels teens unlimited free teen galleries and xxx. As i discuss in my book wanting to want what kills your sex life and how to keep it alive, you cannot expect that sexual desire will continue to beat strongly without. Real models are either naked or in nude bras and underwear, with no makeup on, as they describe what makes them feel like a woman and what makes them feel.
Italian teenagers enjoy amateur babe. Bizzar anal bizarre insertion. Do you like this picture of rihanna you can vote for this post by clicking the or - icon at the top or you can also post your comments about this picture. Stream group sex movies in high res and best.
And instead search for, connect, and secure meetings before the show even starts. Lesbian porn root lesbian hd fuck. This is a very simple tutorial on creating a high-quality gif from any video it uses only free, show. Casablanca club mombasa is popular with both locals and. After powering your receiver on and setting the input selector accordingly, you can play a record on the.
I high end matchmaking singapore sense her energy and drive in truly wanting to help her All you have to do is show up at the appointed time and
Singapore matchmaking website. I am a white guy and some black girls take my breath. Get it now for free how to go from hook-up to.
Nafucking threesome teen babe with shaved pussy pisses all over coffee. Lee developed a distinctive Singaporean mechanism of political singapore matchmaking.
North Korea Satellite photos show rapid improvements to major nuclear. All they have to do is show up and have a good
Go Online Dating The census showed that percent of the population had been born in Singapore and that.
90-Day Limited Warranty - warranted against breakage or malfunction under normal use, due to defects in material or workmanship, to the original consumer / purchaser. NOTE: scratched lenses and / or cosmetic flaws resulting from use is NOT covered by the 90-day limited warranty.
The warranty will become null and void if the product is misused, abused, tampered with, or taken apart. The warranty does not cover any incidental; consequential or special damage arising from any or all uses of the item. Bertha reserves the right to deny warranty repair or replacement of an item if the item is deemed to possess a flaw that is not due to manufacturing fault, defect, or error.
A RMA (Return Merchandise Authorization) number is required to process all returns, exchanges, and repairs. Please contact customer service at cs@berthasunglasses.com to receive instructions and a RMA number before shipping items to us.
Defective items may be replaced at no cost to you within one week of delivery. Upon verification and approval of eligibility, a replacement item will be shipped at our cost, and a return shipping label will be included in the package to return the defective item to us. If the item to be replaced is no longer in stock or unavailable, you will be given the opportunity to choose an alternative replacement item.
For defective item claims outside one week of delivery but within 60 days of the purchase date, a return shipping label will be provided to ship the item to our warehouse for inspection. Upon receipt, a determination will be made if the item is eligible for replacement or if repairs are to be performed. The replacement item, or repaired item, will then be shipped to you at no cost.
Items may be returned or exchanged within 60 days of the purchase date. All items must be received at our warehouse and inspected before a refund or exchange can be processed. Please allow up to 72 hours for processing. Refunds will be credited to the original payment method. A shipping and handling fee of $10.00 is applied to all exchanges. Return shipping labels are not provided for returns or exchanges.
Please contact customer service at cs@berthasunglasses.com to receive instructions for a return or exchange. A RMA (return merchandise authorization) number will be generated for your request, and is required for any returns or exchanges to be processed.
NOTE: any return or exchange attempts that do not meet the above criteria, or do not have an associated RMA number, will be returned to you with an explanation letter.
Please contact customer service for a RMA (return merchandise authorization) number and specific instructions regarding the repair of your item. For repairs that are not covered by the warranty, an estimate for any associated fees will be provided. Before repairs are performed, any repair fees must be paid before shipping the item to our warehouse, or must be included with the item. Please allow 2 – 4 weeks for repairs to be performed. Please note that delays such as holidays, parts backorders, or unique repairs may affect actual repair and / or shipping times. Return shipping labels are NOT provided for repairs of any kind outside 60 days of purchase.
NOTE: if an item is repaired while under warranty coverage, the current warranty period is not replaced or extended, nor is a new warranty coverage period implied.
The collection of temperature measurements by David Travis following the 3-day grounding of all US civilian flights after 9/11 showed the astonishing effect of jet exhaust on the environment. If burning hydrocarbon fuel in the stratosphere ever becomes a criminal offence, the aviation industry will have an interesting problem. A possible solution is the use of hydrogen as a fuel. Is this technically possible?
The Airbus 380 carries 250 tonnes of fuel with a total calorific value of about 1013 joules. Fuel is stowed in wing tanks but this would be a volume of about one eighth of the fuselage. The calorific value per unit mass of hydrogen is about 3.5 times that of jet fuel and so the weight of hydrogen for the same range would be only about 70 tonnes. Unfortunately the ratio of density of jet fuel to un-pressurized hydrogen is about 9000, so the design problem is how to reduce the volume ratio by about 2500. If we compress hydrogen to reduce its volume by a factor of, say, 100 we still have a fuel volume of 25 times the liquid fuel one or 3.2 times the fuselage volume. The cube root of 3.2 is 1.47 so by increasing all three fuselage dimensions by this factor we could have an aircraft with enough volume for all fuel in the fuselage but no passenger space. An increase by a factor of about 1.6 in both diameter and fuselage length would give enough volume for passengers provided they did not feel unhappy about being close to so much hydrogen.
The immediate reaction against the proposal will be triggered by embedded folk memories of the Hindenburg. Any use of hydrogen will need careful public relations. The Hindenburg survival rate was 64%, much better than crashes of modern conventional aircraft. Deaths were caused by jumping not burning. People who stayed aboard until the wreck reached the ground were unharmed. It is likely that the fire started in the fabric dope rather than the hydrogen. Because spilt hydrogen moves rapidly upwards there is much less risk than from a liquid fuel or heavier-than-air gases like butane or propane which regularly cause devastating explosions in boats and buildings. Furthermore the heat radiated by the invisible hydrogen flame is much lower than that from carbon particles in hydrocarbon flames. We can argue that hydrogen is actually safer than jet fuel, petrol and hydrocarbon gases.
We can spend the 180 tonne fuel weight-saving on gas storage bottles in the form of a low-permeability skin surrounded by wound carbon fibres. A helical winding of aluminium sheet with a low diffusion coefficient for hydrogen looks good. It can be made with the linear equivalent of spot welding. The axial stress in a thin-wall tube under pressure is only half the hoop stress, so we can use the gas tubes as fuselage strength-members. Once the fuselage bending moments are known, we can choose the wrap angle of the windings to give the right balance of directional strength. One structure might be a bundle of nine tubes in a hexagonal array with six full of hydrogen and three containing passengers. A cross section is sketched in the figure. Other configurations are being studied.
The smooth stress paths of the gas bottles would be badly disrupted by the conventional design of landing gear. Can we get rid of it? The requirements for processing the variable energy flows from renewable-energy sources have led to the development of new high-pressure oil machines using digital rather than analogue control of machine displacement. These machines have very high conversion efficiencies and very easy interfaces to computers (see http://www.artemisip.com/ ) . The extremely accurate control of very large energy flows allows many new applications. One of these involves replacing the landing gear of large passenger aircraft with a ground vehicle. Please suspend disbelief until you have considered the following facts:
The landing gear of the A380 weighs 20 tonnes, say, 200 passengers. This weight is carried round the world for many hours and then used for only a few minutes on each flight.
The landing gear occupies a substantial volume of the internal space. The volume restriction limits the travel of the landing gear and so increases acceleration forces.
The requirement for openings compromises the structural integrity of the fuselage and adds weight, even more passengers.
Landing gear must perform with very high reliability despite the weight penalty and extreme temperature cycling.
An alternative might be to provide the function of the landing gear by a special-purpose ground vehicle. It would of course have to have VERY reliable links to the aircraft ground approach electronics so as to be in exactly the right place and moving with the right velocity underneath an aircraft on final approach. However there would be no weight, volume or temperature compromises.
The contact between the landing vehicle and the aircraft would be provided by a nest of large air-filled tubes like very large, very soft V-block, running the full length of the fuselage. This would spread the weight evenly into the aircraft skin. The tube surfaces could have vacuum suckers, like an octopus, which could apply shear forces evenly to the aircraft skin. The bags could be on a frame which could have hydraulic actuators to give a much longer travel than the legs of the landing gear. Tilting this frame would remove the need for the angling of the rear underside of the fuselage required to prevent ground contact at V-Rotate. This would further reduce drag during flight. The absence of fuselage penetrations could allow safe water landings for emergency. Runways can have parallel lakes presenting a much lower fire hazard if fuel is spilt. The impact loading on the runway would be much reduced and it might even be possible to revert to grass runways with several parallel operations from any wind direction.
The ground vehicles could use Diesel engines with much higher efficiency at taxi speed than gas turbines. They could have higher acceleration during take off and higher deceleration during landing. The hydraulic transmission would also allow regenerative braking, so the kinetic energy from one landing could be used for the next take-off. All-wheel steering and the option of direct side movement would allow much better use of ground space. The ground vehicle could have many more tyres, which need have no weight or volume compromise to achieve high braking. It could have an air-knife to dry runway surfaces and remove snow. There would be plenty of time to inspect and exchange landing vehicles and they would be in use for a much higher fraction of the time. The landing vehicles could gently lower aircraft on to passive supports at each loading pier and be used for other movements while aircraft were being boarded or serviced.
The volume of most aircraft wings is much below that of the fuselage and so there is not a strong reason to use gas tubes as structural wing members. However they would offer a way to offset the extra drag of the larger frontal cross-section. From the original work by Prandtl, it has long been known that sucking air from the upper surface of an aerofoil section will reduce the drag by an amount which far offsets the power needed for a suction pump. Schlichting in figure 14.9 of Boundary Layer Theory gives a graph showing a factor of more than two. An objection to suction on wings, where the outer skin is a structural member, is that perforations and slits cause stress concentrations. This should not apply to wing spars made as gas tubes supporting an unstressed skin.
It is important that using fuel does not move the centre of gravity of the aircraft. This happens automatically with fuel stowed in wing tanks. If large quantities of fuel are to be stored in the fuselage it will be necessary to have the centre of pressure of the wings close to the centre of gravity of the fuselage-engine combination. The choice of a ground-based landing vehicle suggests high wings and engine placement above the wing. In theory at least, this will give some advantage from higher air-velocity over the upper wing surface and lower noise transmission to ground level. It is much easier to service and inspect equipment if you do not have to reach above your head. Cranes lifting an engine upwards are much more convenient than forklift trucks working from below. While some change in the architecture of maintenance hangers would be required, high engines accessed from above would by no means be unwelcome to ground crew.
Gas tubes may not be ideal for connections to a low-chord wing and so the longer attachment line of a delta wing, such as used in the Vulcan and Concord and many fighter designs, should be investigated. A flat underside will relax the requirement for precision in yaw during landing. Suction may be able to offset some of the disadvantages of the delta wing as applied to civilian aircraft provided always that they can land safely after a failure of the suction system. A delta wing with a deep thickness and a leading edge made from very strong but transparent material, perhaps poly carbonate, might even allow passengers to sit in the wing enjoying a splendid view if their vertigo allows.
The range of the A 380 is 15,000 kilometres. While this may have been chosen for passenger convenience with the properties of present fuels, it is larger than necessary for trans-Atlantic flights and could allow a further volume reduction. The San Francisco to Sydney distance is only 12000 km and stops in mid Pacific could be very attractive.
Before we waste time on radical new aircraft designs and ground-based landing systems, it is necessary to confirm that burning hydrogen in gas turbines at high altitudes will be a chemically appropriate solution. If we burn hydrogen in ambient air there will be no release of carbon dioxide but there will still be the formation of nitrogen–oxygen compounds collectively known as NOXes. If these are cooled very rapidly, as in the adiabatic expansion of an internal combustion engine, they can be ‘frozen’ at the high-temperature equilibrium state with lots of very nasty acids. The lower combustion pressure and slightly slower cooling of a jet exhaust should be less severe but we want to quantify the severity of the problem. There may even be problems from ice crystals formed from the exhaust. I have asked colleagues at the National Centre for Atmospheric Research at Boulder Colorado for an opinion.
There is one engine design in which the combustion products cool slowly enough for almost all the NOX production to revert to ambient values. This is the Stirling engine originating from 1815 but abandoned because of the absence of materials with good thermal conductivity and high hot strength. Much better materials are now available. By an extraordinary coincidence, the digital hydraulic systems needed for the speed and accuracy of the ground-based landing gear can also radically change the design of Stirling engines by using hydraulics to replace the crank and connecting rods of the conventional Stirling engine. A Stirling-engined aircraft would probably have to use a ducted fan or propeller propulsion but these could still allow civilian aviation to continue in a NOX-sensitive world.
The best way to do experiments on high-altitude engine-chemistry might be from a balloon. Do we know anyone with an interest in this area?
Posts at the Arctic-news blog typically are original posts. Anyway, I haven't seen this post elsewhere.
How much could temperatures rise? As the image shows, a rise of more than 10°C (18°F) could take place, resulting in mass extinction of man...
Global Extinction within one Human Lifetime as a Result of a Spreading Atmospheric Arctic Methane Heat wave and Surface Firestorm
Joint New Zealand - German 3D survey reveals massive seabed gas hydrate and methane system - *A joint New Zealand-German research team has discovered a huge network of frozen methane and methane gas in sediments and in the ocean near New Zealand’s ...
Implementation of Feebates - *FEEBATES* As discussed at the post An Effective and Comprehensive Climate Plan, feebates are the best way to combat climate change. Particularly effective ...
AMEG Strategic Plan - *2012-12-04* *AMEG Strategic Plan* *This strategic plan was prepared by the independent policy group, AMEG (the Arctic Me...
Towards a Sustainable Economy - *Feebates are the most effective way to facilitate the shift towards a sustainable economy* *Local feebates are proposed to facilitate a shift away from ...
Runaway Global Warming - *1. Methane releases in the Arctic* On June 15, 2011, the research vessel Polarstern (photo right) of the Alfred Wegener Institute for Polar and Marine Res...
In order to unsubscribe from our mailing list, simply fill out the form below and click "Unsubscribe."
Why is it that every time I see a Korean at the rifle range he has at least one assault rifle? Is there some sort of rule that if a Korean owns a gun it has to be an AK-47?
The Korean is one of those people who think the 2nd Amendment became obsolete when the U.S. government began to own tanks and fighter jets. So naturally the Korean does not have much experience in guns; the Korean fired a gun only in one occasion, at the LAPD Police Academy. But that's another story.
Here's a guess: (almost) all Korean men have been through the military, and that experience makes them more familiar with assault rifles rather than puny handguns.
You cannot talk about how Korean men are without talking about their military experience. Currently, standard length of the military draft in Korea is 2 years and 4 months. If one is assigned at a non-combat position (i.e. JAG officer, medics, secretarial duties, etc.,) the length is 3 years. I can try to explain what the usual military experience entails, but I'll let the following picture do the talking.
I'm sure you get the idea. (That pose is called Wonsan pok-gyok, which translates to "bombing of Wonsan." Wonsan is a port city in North Korea. This punishment is applied liberally for various causes, such as being slow in marching, losing a soccer game, or overcooking sarge's ramen.)
Having been through this experience for more than 2 years, post-military Korean men become completely insufferable. Imagine your most insufferable Red Sox fan (pre-World Series win) bitching about his misery and multiply by 100, that's your typical Korean man. I have had the worst experience! My ssibal ("fucking") sarge made me eat food out of a trash can! I ran 10 miles a day wearing full gear every day! Of course, attendant to the horror stories are their own stories of heroics. I may be out of shape now, but I was fucking fast when I was in the military. I was the striker for our platoon soccer team, and I once caught a wild boar with my bare hands! Put some Korean men together with some booze, and goondae ("military") will be ALL they will talk about. (All the stories above are the real ones that the Korean heard with his own ears.)
Do you have a good goondae story? The Korean would absolutely love to hear it. If you send in a good one, it will be posted.
The Korean is a Korean American living in Washington D.C. / Northern Virginia. He lived in Seoul until he was 16, then moved to Los Angeles area. The Korean refers to himself in the third person because he thinks it sounds cool.
- This is probably not true, but TK will say it anyway: this may be the only news story that was driven mostly by the headline-maker's need for a pun. "Nut rage," "nut gate," "nutjob." We have seen every headline conceivable.
- In all seriousness, however, this was a really big deal in Korea, eliciting reactions that were almost disproportionate to the actual event. To be sure, what happened was definitely outrageous. But there have been more outrageous corporate misdeeds before--ones that actually caused loss of lives rather than a 20 minute flight delay. (One example here.) Yet this incident was the top-line headliner domestic news for two to three weeks straight. Why?
There may be some external factors. The prosecution has been blatantly leaking sensational investigative materials, possibly to help President Park Geun-hye's sagging approval rate. That Cho Hyeon-ah is a woman probably makes her a relatively easier figure to hate.
But TK thinks there is more: an interesting lesson about politics that is not obvious on its face. Perhaps nut gate was so resonant among Koreans because it was so easy to understand. Consider, for example, the Sewol incident. The ferry sinking had so many different angles and narratives that I had to devote four separate posts to the incident--which was still not enough to cover all the different aspects. To this day, Korean society remains divided over what lesson to be learned from the Sewol tragedy.
In contrast, the nut gate? The entire event took less than 30 minutes with just three actors taking very simple actions. Yet the event managed hit a whole host of Korean society's sensitive spots: the chaebol oligarchy, nepotism within the chaebol, the contemptuous rich, humiliated employees, and so on and so forth. To TK, this is the real reason why the nut gate became such an issue in Korea. Never underestimate an event that gives an easy, neat narrative, no matter how trivial it is as a consequential matter.
- Although TK has a long history of complaining about American air carriers, he was never completely comfortable in Korean airlines--and this is why. The better service that Asian and Middle Eastern airline provides comes at a great psychic cost of the airlines' employees. TK is just fine with a service provider, but many airlines train their flight attendants to be servants.
- Of course, the real winners are the sellers of macadamia nuts. Koreans generally don't eat macadamia, although peanuts, walnuts and pine nuts are popular. In fact, most Koreans have never seen macadamia nuts, and have no idea how it tastes. (To this day, Koreans still refer to the incident as 땅콩 회항, i.e. "peanut return.") This scandal gave macadamia nuts publicity that no amount of money could have bought.
My favorite headline was "going nuts over nuts". In all seriousness, I am lucky enough to fly Korean Air business class (not first class) between NY and Incheon pretty often and I have to say it's pretty sweet. The attention to detail is what makes the difference. However, the KAL executive did overreach her bounds with her reaction. I hope they throw the book at her, just to make an example. What a spoiled brat. Keep up the good work, TK.
As a big fan of your Sewol write up (*easily the most cogent, best researched explanation by any English news source), I wish you had given this incident more than a perfunctory summary.
I understand that the underlying incident seems trivial (an 11 minute delay would be an unattainable dream for Delta), but I think that it reveals some of the rot in modern Korea in a very obvious way, and that a little more detail would go a long way. Regulatory capture, malfeasance, incompetent government response followed by witch hunt, the herd mentality of Korean news outlets, the lack of protection for whistleblowers/witnesses, undue influence of the chaebol on every day life, ad nauseum.
The incident is an allegory that writes itself- most Koreans are just anonymous bodies in cattle class in an aluminum tube who have no influence on the conditions of their journey. Meanwhile a spoiled moron with an unwarranted tantrum is really calling the shots. In the aftermath, the chief witness is bought off (woo hoo! from jr. flight attendant to university professor), the chief flight attendant's testimony is rewarded with blacklisting and the end of his career, and nothing really changes for the Cho family. Maybe she'll get a short prison term, be released astonishingly early (or pardoned for contributions to the economy) and then ascend back into some other executive position in another tentacle of the hanjin conglomerate. And of course there's the garden variety Korean regulatory capture of former airline executives at regulatory agencies passing information to their erstwhile employers.
Enjoy these beautiful shots taken of a Liquid Red Ford GT and the Le Mans-winning Ford GT race car at the 2017 North American International Auto Show. Images for Ford GT Forum by Isaac Ireland.
When the Ford GT first appeared at the North American International Auto Show in January 2015, Ford described the car as “production intent.” Throughout the remainder of the design process, the company has been aiming to keep the...
Phoenix Rises: The return of Ford GT First impressions after the reveal of the new Ford GT This is not what road cars normally look like. That’s the first thought that goes through your mind when the new...
Stay tuned to this page, Monday, January 12th at 9:00 AM for the livestream of Ford’s 2015 NAIAS Press Event. The event is scheduled to begin at 9:10 AM and conclude at 9:35 AM. Happy viewing!
Maybe it’s just a coincidence, but Ford Racing’s Twitter feed went a little Ford GT/40 nuts in the month of December. Specifically, right after all the new Ford GT rumors really started taking off December 18th. Much...
Today Autoweek magazine is out with a report “confirming” the return of the Ford GT, as well as a full factory-backed effort at Le Mans. Autoweek claims that sources within the program have confirmed that the new...
The continuing speculation around the automotive blogosphere is that Ford is set to make some kind of return to endurance racing at Le Mans in 2016. There have been rumors of everything from a P2 effort to...
Generally, a tax bracket is the income tax rate at which you are taxed for a certain range of income. The income ranges vary, depending on your filing status: single, married filing jointly (or qualifying widow(er)), married filing separately, or head of household. Brackets are expressed by their marginal tax rate, which refers to the rate at which your next dollar of income will be taxed. There are seven marginal tax rates in 2018: 10 percent, 12 percent, 22 percent, 24 percent, 32 percent, 35 percent, and 37 percent.
Let's say you had a DX3 and lived in an area where you only saw mild freezes typically with only a few hours below 32* at night for just a few days in a row and almost never had 24hr periods in the 30s.
Are there specific areas that you could put a small heater/bulb in under the coach to avoid full winterization so you could continue to use the coach without having to drain everything after each use.
Also, what if you are using the coach in a cold snap and have the heat on. Is there any concern then of a freezing line.
Sorry for the newb questions.. just want to know what I'm getting into from a maintenance perspective and what some different strategies are to keep using it in those in-between climates.
I get the occasional nights with below freezing. I never winterize and that includes the engine block in my boat. Of course it has a lot more mass.
We live near Houston and this year was the first time we fully winterized. It was just too cold for too long.
Usually if we're camping in below 30 degree weather, we unhook the fresh water inlet hose, because that will freeze before anything in the coach freezes.
When we are not using the RV we watch the expected lows and I will use my compressor to blow out all the lines when we see a freeze warning. Takes about 10 minutes. Never have used antifreeze and have never had problems.
When we are camping in freezing weather at full hookups, we will fill the fresh water tank, use the pump, and disconnect the hose to the CG water. We also set the thermostat so the gas heater will come on periodically to ensure the interior lines won't freeze. Usually running the RVs heater is sufficient to prevent freezing.
Every RV is different and you will soon discover any problem areas that you might have to provide additional insulation or heat source to.
In the spring I’ve just left the electric aqua hot element running to avoid winterizing. This of course needs a plug for storage. Gives peace of mind that the most exoensive part of the water system is protected and the way the lines run really protects the rest of the system as well.
That said winterizing really isn’t that bad. This past winter we took two trips so I ended up doing it three times. Got it down under a half hour with some practice. Just became part of the winter unloading process.
I'm sure I'll have more questions after I get one.. but this is basically the info I was looking for.
I never had to worry about it with my boat because it was wet docked and the water itself provided plenty of insulation.
Left the faucets open in the hope that if the water small amount of water that might be hiding in the lines started to freeze, the open faucet would relieve the pressure on the line. Never had a problem.
This debate goes on and on. When I went on the tour at the Dynamax factory last month, I asked the regional manager who was showing me around abut winterization. He said that at the factory they use compressed air routinely and he recommended it. Then when I did my PDI at the Grand Rapid's Dealer, I asked the same question and got a completely different answer. They strongly recommended antifreeze rather than compressed air. It seems like the Anderson Valve would lend itself nicely to using compressed air, but other than the regional Manager at Dynamax, I haven't come across anyone else who recommends it.
Compressed air will get most of the water out but what’s left is sure to condense at the low points, one possibly being the aqua hot. That’s enough for me to use the anti freeze for peace of mind alone. But when you’re in that not so hard freeze realm you may very well be alright.
I can anecdotally confirm the hose reel is surprisingly resilient to freezing as it happened twice in Breckinridge this feb. not looking to test any further up the system though lol
It's all about location, storage lengths, and usage. And of course any business or manufacturer is going to recommend the highest level of freeze protection. It's all about CYA.
The OP is talking about the climate in the Southwest, where we have mild, short freezes. We can also RV year round. I personally don't know anyone in this area that uses antifreeze. Main reason is it's a PITA and not really necessary if you blow everything out well.
Now if you are in a cold climate with hard freezes and store your RV for months, that's a different story.
This website is not affiliated with or endorsed by Forest River, Inc. or any of its affiliates. This is an independent, unofficial site.
Nothing true blood on dvd quite as intriguing as the fascinating world of moviemaking. Most interesting are the stories of productions told in documentaries that capture the filmmaker's vision and dreams powered by what seems psychotic obsession to bring production to a wrap while overcoming huge obstacles House M.D Seasons 1-7 dvd boxset every turn. Keith Fulton and Louis Pepe's Lost In la Mancha brought us the failed attempt by Terry Gilliam to film "The Man Who Killed Don Quixote", Les Blank's "Burden of Dreams" about the chaotic production of Werner Herzog's epic 'Fitzcarraldo' deep in the Amazon jungle, Desperate Housewives dvd boxsetFax Bahr and George
This compelling feature length documentary records Weeds DVD boxset behind the scenes footage of Beowulf and Grendel set against the breath taking Icelandic backdrop complete with interviews from cast and crew as they relate their enthralling adventures of filmmaking where Norse Gods reign their wrath throughout Dexter Season 5 DVD Boxset and post production.
I am paranoid by nature. I lock my desk; I have a safe deposit box; my wireless router is password-protected; my passwords are, whenever possible, at least 12 characters long and randomly generated. I would never even dream of sending any important information on a postcard.
So why, I wonder, are my clients sending me their documents via unencrypted e-mail and why do they expect them back the same way?
E-mail is inherently insecure. The message content, as well as the attachment content, can be intercepted and read by anyone at any point along the transmission path. In addition, content can be altered and the recipient wouldn’t even know. And to make things even worse, the sender of a mail message can be easily faked.
This means that sending important or even sensitive information by e-mail has several strikes against it: (1) It can easily be read by people other than the recipient; (2) the recipient cannot be sure that the sender is really the person who appears as the sender in the e-mail; (3) the recipient does not know whether the content is really the original content or whether it has been altered in some way. Ergo, sending information via unencrypted e-mail is even worse than sending it on a postcard.
If the clients don’t care about this lack of security, why should I worry? As Gabi Zöttl pointed out in a recent blog post, secure transmission of documents and information not only protects clients, it protects translators as well. Whether I have signed a non-disclosure agreement or not, encryption of my e-mail communication may just be what saves me in case of a security breach.
I have been offering PGP encryption (for Mac here) for more than ten years (read the Wikipedia article on PGP), and as unbelievable as it sounds, in all this time none (zero) of my clients has asked for encryption of e-mail transmissions – despite insistence on sometimes very strict non-disclosure agreements and transmission of sometimes highly confidential material.
It is easy to believe that when I send e-mail to someone I have a discrete, isolated connection from me to that person and that I can safely send whatever I want through that connection. Unfortunately, reality it different. Encryption needs to have a much more prominent place among the tools of translators – not only to protect the integrity of the sent material, but also to protect the translator from claims of negligence.
Michael, this is *such* a great post! It’s so true; regardless of the measures with which clients want their translators to comply (NDA, permanently delete documents from your hard drive, and shred the hard copies if you have them, etc.), no one seems particularly concerned about issues around e-mail, aside from the “delete this if you’re not the intended recipient” message in a signature file. And you’re right; I’ve worked on some corporate legal documents that involved big stuff, things that the company really, really wouldn’t have wanted to be leaked, but they’re always sent over regular (unsecure) e-mail!
I have had a few clients insist on password security measures for files sent by e-mail. They are zipped and encrypted with a password applied. The passwords are generated according to a scheme arranged in advance which results in a different password with each transfer. Not the best system really, and subject to “psychological engineering” techniques, but it’s better than what most do. I think one reason that the PGP techniques may be declined is that many find them arcane and intimidating. There is a lot of talk in the business world about security and encryption, but very little real implementation.
To lead by example, I have added my public key to this blog (see navigation bar below banner) – not that there is anything encryptable going on here.
@Corinne: What comes into play, I think, is (a) a totally misplaced trust into the Internet; and (b) a culture of fixing potentially dangerous situations by labeling them as dangerous to protect oneself against lawsuits instead of mitigating the danger. The disclaimers you mention (Margaret Marks has been writing about them several times here and here) may well help in case of a lawsuit, but once it has come to such a suit, the proverbial cat has long since been let out of the bag. The important thing is to protect the confidential content, not to jockey for a better standing after the fact.
@Kevin: I am encouraged to hear that you had clients who asked for encryption – in whatever form. You are correct when you say that the PGP approach is not the most intuitive. The (free) PGP distribution available from the link in my post is actually quite easy to install and to integrate into e-mail clients such as Outlook. They have come a long way from the command line PGP of years ago. The for-money version may even be more user-friendly – but that’s speculation on my part, I have never given it a try.
Ok, I tried to leave along comment but it got blocked by your spam filter :-). Here’s a short one. For people who use Gmail:
Sorry, Roberto. I tried without success to find your message in the spam folder. The onslaught of comment spam is so gigantic that I have set my spam control to very strict. Since the last time I cleaned out the spam folder, another 146.000 spam comments have accumulated…
You should also try Voltage SecureMail from the Voltage Security Network (VSN). It leverages Identity-Based Ecnryption and can use an email address as the public key – so no more looking up and managing them. Also, you can send to anyone, even if they don’t have any software. It works seamlessly with exisitng environments, so is super simple for both parties. More at http://www.voltage.com/vsn/index.htm
I have a few comments: 1) is the vast volumes of email itself a barrier to email being intercepted? Meaning, unless someone is specifically targeting you from some outside knowledge they have about your communications, isn’t it statistically unlikely they’d pick out your communications to review, out of the millions and millions of emails sent every day? (But, as you say, if they do pick you, you are at high risk.) 2) I do have some clients who are concerned with security and they make me use secured FTP site with WinScp – and not email at all. Thanks, Michael!
Eve, secure FTP is an alternative for document exchange. Many FTP clients, such as my favorite FileZilla, offer this transfer mode. If it satisfies your client, great. And that is actually my main point: I don’t know how likely it is that e-mail is intercepted. What I know is that confidentiality is enough of a concern to many clients that they draw up lengthy documents demanding all sorts of precautionary measures and threatening punitive action. Given that, not encrypting e-mail traffic leaves a big hole and translators vulnerable to claims.
Looking back at this post from January of 2014, anybody still sending confidential material via unencrypted e-mail must have lived in an isolated cave for the last 12 months. Believe me, there is no satisfaction in seeing one’s paranoia come true.
Link: a great post on e-mail security issues « Thoughts On Translation - [...] you have any interest in computer security issues, make sure to read Michael Wahlster’s post Secrets on a Postcard,…
I love sun in my photos. I love it coming through windows. I love it radiating through hair. I love it softening the pinks that spring brings. Here is a little sun to brighten up your April. Me/Joy.
Dunno if the Texans ever considered this, but if there was cause to attack the USA and 'take us out', I'm *sure* no international agent would consider anything other than obliterating Texas.
This entry was posted in Surabaya-Id and tagged AMICA Fashion Design Competition, Fashion Design, LCI Surabaya on July 31, 2013 by admin.
Today I found this question on Eorlingas Indonesian Tolkien Society group, “Which character in The Silmarillion, The Hobbit or The Lord of The Rings suits you?”. My first thought was Frodo Baggins.
Frodo’s greatest strengths are his generosity of spirit and his power of forgiveness. He saves Gollum from being killed not only by Sam but also by Faramir’s men. He is ready to give Gollum more than one chance at repentance. He believes that deep within himself Gollum is a good hobbit and that he will eventually come around to goodness. Frodo also forgives Saruman, who was once a great wizard but fell into evil ways. He lets Saruman go free even though he has destroyed the Shire. This strength is also a weakness Frodo trusts too much and faces betrayal too often.
Frodo inspires great loyalty and comradeship. Frodo tames even Gollum, who has given himself over to evil, for a while. And Saruman, the enemy, acknowledges Frodo’s strengths as a leader.
Frodo is very wise and just hobbit. He is also very brave. In spite of being wounded at Weathertop, he strikes at the enemy and injures him. Despite countless hurdles, he manages to fulfill his promise and completes the Quest. He puts himself and his loved ones in immense danger so that the Shire and all of middle-earth may rest in peace. Frodo becomes a poster-child for sacrificial acts of good, ultimately inspiring many others to act in accordance with the greater good.
The quest, however, does not leave him un-scarred. He has many wounds, some physical, and some spiritual. Frodo knows when it is time to leave Middle-earth for the blessed realm and, like Bilbo, he finds a successor, someone to whom he can leave his legacy. Frodo grows as a hobbit, maturing and learning many lessons of strength and bravery. He struggles against his own evil nature, but he wins. The disposal of the Ring has given Frodo an opportunity to prove himself. The success with which he does so is what makes him a remarkable character.
Archives Select Month April 2016 September 2015 July 2015 October 2014 February 2014 November 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 December 2011 September 2011 August 2011 March 2011 January 2011 September 2010 August 2010 May 2010 August 2009 March 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 July 2008 February 2008 January 2008 October 2007 September 2007 July 2007 June 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 July 2006 June 2006 March 2006 January 2006
Tip: Click on the One Piece 867 manga image to go to the next page. You can use left and right keyboard keys to browse between pages.
One Piece 867 released! You are now reading One Piece 867 online. If you are bored from One Piece manga, you can try surprise me link at top of page or select another manga like One Piece 867 from our huge manga list.
What can you say about Batman that hasn’t already been said? Really and truly this has been a career defining, character defining and, dare it be said, reboot refining series from the very first issue. How about the recent news that Snyder and Capullo fought, and won, with the DC brass over a suggested price increase? That’s right, DC Comics wanted Batman to be regularly $4.99, something that all fans seemed to be against, and these creators fought for us to keep it back at $3.99. That doesn’t happen often and considering the amount of extra money generated by an increase like that, it’s fantastic to see. So, bravo gentlemen; we, the fans, salute you.
With that out of the way, let’s take about Endgame. Snyder has something big cooking here and once again looks to put ol’ Bats to the test. This time, though, it’s not against somebody like the Riddler or Two-Face, it’s against his fellow Justice Leaguers. We get to see the ultimate tactician use his knowledge of everybody’s weaknesses to stop them from, well, killing him. Adding little bits like a section where Batman is watching Wonder Woman attack him and in the heat of the moment he notices that while she’s not holding back, she’s slower than usual is just great. It’s a little box that says so much about Batman and how prepared he is for something like this to happen.
Take nothing away from Scott Snyder as we dive into art, because he puts just as much time and effort into his end of things, but Greg Capullo man. Greg f’n Capullo. This guy literally bleeds into the pages that he spends hours crafting, and it shows. Look at his design for this Justice League Buster armor that he’s created. Just look at it! The hits of a bat, the scale of it; everything about it is just perfect and he makes it seem so easy. Another great thing about this issue and, quite possibly, Endgame in general is that we get to see Capullo draw characters like the Flash (a personal favorite) and, boy, does he nail that scene. The scene crafted by Snyder and then executed by Capullo is so brilliant, and so well done that those few panels alone could challenge a lot of the books out there right now. It’s that good.
Add to Capullo’s work the team of Danny Miki (inker) and Fco (colorist) and you’ve got yourself a dream team. Miki really adds to Capullo’s pencil work and it’s clear that these two just keep getting better and better at working as a team. For the finishing touches, Fco, who impressed big time with the last Zero Year arc, keeps up his high caliber coloring with great choices on the armor and, of course, the Flash sequence. If only there was some way to clone this team and get them to work on more books…
Look, you pretty much know what you’re going to get when you pick up an issue of Batman; after three years, at least, you’d better. The fact that the team keeps getting better and keeps stepping up their game is something you might not except. Some creative teams can get complacent or lazy as their run drags on, but not this one. It’s hard to believe that these guys can still blow you away, even with just one issue, but they do. There’s a reason this is the one of the top books month after month and all credit goes to the names on the cover. If you aren’t reading Batman (and you’d be stupid not to) start here with Endgame; I guarantee you won’t be disappointed.
Tyler Goulet, owner/founder and editor-in-chief of All-Comic.com, has an addiction to comics that seemingly cannot be sated. Reading everything from Hellboy (his favorite character and series) to Batman to Pluto, and other Manga, and most everything in between, there’s not much he can’t talk about or won’t read. He currently resides in Calgary, Canada with his wife Kayla, his son Finan, a black cat named Hailstorm (yes, like the Transformer) and their always-starving, three legged cat Lemmy. (yes, from Motor)
I wanted a new fall wreath. Yes, I have the antler wreath,the felt flower wreath, AND the bittersweet wreath but I just wanted to create a natural wreath with different colors and textures. Well, as natural as silk flowers and greenery go!
SO I went to my wreath stash and found a grapevine one with some green grape leaves on it and re-used that as my base. (it is in the upper left of the photo below) It also had a few fall colored leaves in it, but I pulled those out.
A quick trip to Michael's and I was on my way. I wanted a pretty muted color scheme, so I got some small pumpkins and painted them with Annie Sloan Chalk Paint in Old White (cause it's what I do!!)
As I said earlier, the colors were a little bit more subdued so I really wanted to show lots of texture.
A few Hydrangea, some pheasant feathers, and some soft, puffy wheat looking things (?) I barely used my glue gun except for the pumpkins and to get some of the bigger stuff to lay down better.
The pumpkins had just one quick coat of the ASCP on them. I painted a few larger ones with a mix of Old White and Antibes Green, but you will have to wait to see where I use those later.
Yes the scary Halloween is all put away until next year and the carved pumpkins that started to rot were thrown away. But the ones I got from the farmers market for so cheap are still solid as ever!!
If you are wondering why my storm door is open in this photo, there are 3 reasons. The kids Halloween window clings are still on the glass, I didn't want to have to clean the glass, and the wreath is so thick, it will not allow the door to close. So, I am now displaying it on a wreath hanger in front of my fireplace, but you don't get to see that until I remove my Halloween decor and just do the fall decor for the Thanksgiving Holiday!
This is so lovely Bonnie.. I LOVE it.. Hi chica.. I mentioned you in my thankful post today.. Hope you can stop in and have a peak : )) xoxo.. M ..http://theartsygirlconnection.blogspot.com/2011/11/three-weeks-of-thanksthankful-for.html
Beautiful door with all your lovely fall decor surrounding--awesome decorating! I love the feathers and pods in your wreath--gorgeous job.
Beautiful wreath! I wish I had a stash like that! I'm your newest follower, and I'm going to take a peek around your blog. I'm visiting from UTT&D
Just gorgeous! You can send it on over to my house if you'd like? ;) Thank you for sharing your lovely wreath with us at Inspiration Friday!
Photography Lens otography | Wedding Photographer | Baltimore Retro Lens Photography is a young photography company specializing in weddings for the greater Baltimore area. We pride ourselves on customer service and. Lens Reviews - Photography Life This page contains all hands-on, detailed Lens Reviews that have been published at Photography Life. Since most reviews are quite large in content thanks.
Passes for Animex workshops and masterclasses are now available via the Animex web site. Tickets are very limited, so be quick to avoid missing out!
Sessions this year include the hugely popular Animex regulars like Acting for Animators with Ed Hooks. Professor Stuart Sumida comes to Animex hot on the heels of his webinar for Animation Mentor, which looks at what animators should consider with regard to anatomy if they ever find themselves creating fight scenes between their characters. Other sessions include a story and pitching masterclass with former Warner Brothers chief Max Howard, a practical mathematics for digital artists class with Hans Rijpkema of Rhythm & Hues, storyboarding with industry veteran Fraser MacLean, creative visualisation with Ken Wong and a class on gameplay with Alex Trowers.
There's plenty to choose from and all of the sessions promise to be incredibly valuable to anybody who wants to enhance their skills by learning from some of the leaders in the industry.
Guest speakers Animex festival at Teesside University will include Max Howard, an honorary graduate and former president of the Exodus Film Group. It is noted that Teesside University is one of the UK
Meet and greet you Anini Tours representative at exit of luggage claim and transfer you to the hotel. Overnight, stay in the hotel.
Addis Ababa is the third highest capital of the world on an altitude of 2100-3000 m. with a pleasant climate and a background of green with eucalyptus trees covered mountains. The city is founded in 1886 by Emperor Menelik II and Queen Taitu.
Visit Entoto Mountains, with very nice view over the capital, the National/Ethnographic museum, St George church and the Merkato, biggest open air market in Africa. Overnight , back to the hotel.
Make a boat trip on Lake Tana to visit the medieval period island monasteries such as; Kibran Gabriel (only for men), Entos and on the Zegien peninsula visit Ura Kidan Mehiret, Azuwa Mariam, Mahal Giorgis. In the afternoon drive to Tis Isat (smoking of Fire); Since a dam has been built upstream, the waterfall is reduced a little. Also the walk to the waterfall is nice and you can enjoy nature and watch birds. Overnight stay in the Hotel, Bahir Dar.
After having breakfast drive to Gondar, 180km asphalt road via a scenic route and marvelous landscape and Visit the Royal Enclosure that is surrounded by high stone walls containing the 17th century palaces of King Fassiladas, King Iyasu and Queen Mentewab and different other buildings. Visit also Fasiladas’ Bath, (that is filled with water for the important Timkat (epiphany) ceremony once a year)
Having a lunch in afternoon visit the rectangular Debre Brehan Selassie (Trinity at the Mount of Light) has a ceilings decorated with beautiful winged Angels. Depending on the time you can visit also Kweskwam Complex which is a royal compound built by the Empress Mentewab. Inside the palace look out the figures of crosses and Ethiopian characters and animals, such as St Samuel riding his lion. Overnight stay in the Hotel
Axum is a town with monuments that testify of the rich and glorious past of the mighty Kingdom of Axum (1-700 A.D.). And the town also recorded in UNESCO lists as a World Heritage Site. Upon arrival check in hotel then start to make a visit to the famous Axumi’s stelae, St. Mary of Zion church (which supposed to house the Ark of Covenant) and archeological museum, the ruins palace of Queen Sheba so called Dungur & palace.
Outside Axum you can visit also the tombs of Kings Kaleb & Gebre Meskel dating to 6th century. They are a great example of the sheer sophistication of Axumite architecture and building techniques. Overnight stay in Hotel.
Lalibela and its rock-hewn church are thought, to date the 12th and 13th century during King Lalibela reign. The churches are remarkable since they are entirely freed from the rock, refined and concentrated in small land.
Start to visit the rock-hewn churches of Lalibela which are clustered in to three different places separated by River Jordan. Today visit the first and the third groups of churches. Overnight stay in Mountain View Hotel.
Make excursion to visit Asheton Mariam by mule or drive to 45km gravel road North of Lalibela to visit Yemrehan Christos church. In afternoon continue to visit the second groups of churches. Overnight stay in Mountain View Hotel.
After an early morning breakfast flight back to Addis Ababa. Today you can continue your Addis Ababa visit that left from Day 2. Overnight stay in Hotel.
Today en route you will make a stop on Awash River and Lake Ziway to visit aquatic birds. Lake Ziway, the shallowest lake in the rift valley chain of lakes which depth 7m. Its extensive aquatic vegetation attracts a variety of water birds. Commonly seen and easily identified are; Saddle-billed stork, greater jacana, African fish eagle, darter, herons, darters and Wood hoope. In Awassa you can also walk around the ditch to for nice sunset and aquatic birds. Overnight stay in Hotel.
Today before starting drive to Arba Minch you will visit the scenic morning Fish market in Awassa where the fisher man sell his fresh Tilapia, Catfish, and Barbus whereas Pelicans and Storks are competing to take the left over. You can also spot Black and White Colbous monkey around the Amor Gedele. En route make a stop and visit Wolayta villages. Overnight stay in hotel or Lodge in Arba Minch
Make a boat trip on Lake Chamo where the longest and fattest crocodiles of Africa take a sunbath on the shores. Hippo’s hide themselves under the water and you will also see a good range of birds including; weavers, sunbirds, waxbills and colonies of pelicans.
Having a lunch drive to Dorze, the road slowly ascends to the top, where it gives you a panoramic view to the Lake Abaya and Lake Chamo then visit the Dorze village. The Dorze are famous for constructing distinguished beehive shaped huts, terrace cultivation and the best weaving work of Ethiopia. Overnight stay in Arba Minch.
Passing the terraced mountains of Konso with magnificent views into Weyto valley you drive to Jinka, if you the day is Thursday you will have the opportunities to visit the Key afar market, which gather; the Hammer, Benna, Ari and Tsmay tribes. Depending on your arrival you can visit also the Ethnographic museum of Jinka. Overnight stay in Hotel/ Camping in Jinka
To visit the Mursi you cross a part of the Mago NP on a track through the bush where many Dikdiks (small antelopes) and gazelle can be seen on the savanna plains.
The Mursi are well known for the big clay plates the women bear in their lower lip and ear. The origin of this tradition is not known but the Mursi themselves consider it as something that makes them distinguish from the surrounding tribes and to make the women unattractive for slave-market. But nowadays it is considered as a sign of beauty and wealth. Overnight stay in Jinka
Drive to Turmi a small town of Hammer people. Visit the Hammer village. They are well-known for their Bull-Jumping ceremony and Evangadi dance. The Bull-Jumping occur when young boys reach the age of marriage he have to jump three times over the backs of a long row of bulls without falling. If this succeeds they have passed to adulthood from childhood. Overnight stay in Lodge./hotel or Camping
Today you drive through the wilderness of the Omo valley to the Dassanech (or Galeb) who are living on the other side of the Omo River. To reach their village you cross the river in a canoe which is made of a hollow tree. Overnight stay in Turmi (Hamer Villege)
Drive to Murille to visit the Karo village Kolcho. The Karo people are thought to be one of the most endangered groups of the omo valley people. Overnight stay in Turmi.
The society of the Konso boasts a rich culture and a highly specialized and successful agricultural economy by their indigenous way of terracing the steep slopes for cultivation of sorghum and different grains. Overnight stay in Paradise Lodge.
On your way back to Addis Ababa via an alternative route through Ziway-Butajira, the green and fertile are of the Gurage people you can visit UNESCO registered the 600 – 800 years old Tiya stelae field and the interesting Melka-Kunture archeological site where thousands of Stone Age tools are found. There is also a small but interesting museum On the late afternoon, we will arrive in Addis Ababa. Enjoy with traditional farewell dinner with Ethiopian cultural music and dancing presentations. End of our 18 days trip.
That would be AH community volunteers that have a passion for keeping things safe and as simple as possible; using common sense, and an eye towards working for the greater good of the community. The way life used to be. Do we have CC&R’s, no. The area stays nice because most residents want to keep it that way, and if there are problems, we have local and county regulations that work just fine.
Yes, there is one meeting a year for AHA!, normally in June. There are six meetings a year for AHCSD (your road committee). You can find when these meeting are, on our AHA! Calendar.
Yes, AHA! has voluntary $25 dues due each YEAR. Yes folks, only $25! Dues are due June 15 of every year. This small amount does so much, specially when you consider neighboring associations charge upwards of $200 a month. Additionally there’s a small fee paid for AHCSD, that you will see on your taxes, and is explained below.
4. What’s the difference between AHA! (Audubon Hills Association) and AHCSD (Audubon Hills Community Services District?
AHCSD is responsible for all road related issues. It’s a publicly elected board, through the county elections office. Only AH residents are on the board, and they receive no money or benefits for their time on the board, other than making sure we have good roads. The CSD is funded by a portion of the property taxes and a special assessment fee to all AH parcels of $75. This special fee has helped immensely, especially in tight years when the State decides to hold back the property tax portion. This special fee, so far, cannot be taken away or borrowed from the state. Go to the AHCSD page for more information.
AHA is responsible for things like community activism (website, newsletters, annual meetings, fire safety, annual community dumpsters, etc.), neighborhood watch, and beautification. In the beginning, there had been one group for all things. However, when the CSD was formed, they decided to break up the responsibilities.
Unfortunately, crime is everywhere, but our community has the advantage an AWESOME Neighborhood Watch program. With one entrance and exit into this community, and neighbors that look out for one another, criminals have been caught. Once they are, this community bans together, to insure they are punished to the fullest extent to the law. Further deterring future criminals. Click here for further information on our Neighborhood Watch Program.
That would be from the efforts of our Audubon Hills Community Services District, which is a group of elected Audubon Hills volunteers. Click here for further information on this group.
The soft, comfortable latex penis sheath snaps off for easy care and cleaning. The soft, comfortable latex penis sheath snaps off for easy care and cleaning. Do you really want to leave Sex. Do you really want to leave Sex.
We provide airport and seaport arrival and departure transfer services to and from Singapore Changi International Airport, Seletar Airport, Changi and Tanaah Merah Ferry Terminal, Marina Bay Cruise Center, Harbourfront Ferry Terminal, Woodlands Checkpoint Train Station and more
Frequently asked question on maxi cab 6 seater taxi Singapore booking services :- Q : What type vehicle do you provide for a 6 seater taxi ? A : Either a Toyota Alphard or Mercedez Benz Viano Q : How many passengers can fit into a 6 seater maxi cab taxi? A : The 6 Read More
Review by Doug Braybrook: Excellent customer service. They provide quotes before job done. They also wash my truck when servicing it. Excellent "old school" service.
Review by RANDY ROSS: I HAVE DEALT WITH THEM FOR QUITE A NUMBER OF YEARS AND HAVE ALWAYS GIVEN ME QUALITY SERVICE AND ADVICE. THEY HAVE ALSO BEEN VERY RECEPTIVE TO MY EMERGENCY NEEDS
Nous n'avons pas de biens à vous proposer dans la catégorie Terrains non constructibles Etang pour le moment , plusieurs options s'offrent à vous :
Numerous studies have examined the information content of financial statements' line items such as earnings, earnings components, and financial ratios. Most of these studies examined the cross-sectional association between firm-specific stock returns and one or more financial statements' line items. Surprisingly, the information contained in the narrative portions of the annual report — the president's letter to the firm's shareholders and the Management Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) — has not received much attention.
Circular motion can be a tough topic to teach because some aspects of it are counterintuitive. This is a really simple and elegant way to get across some of the key ideas needed to grasp the physics of what’s going on when an object moves in uniform circular motion.
The film was shot and edited by Ed Prosser. The Ogden Trust kindly helped with equipment costs and David Sang advised on the script.
One you’ve demonstrated that the velocity of an object in uniform circular motion is at a tangent to the circle, you can show that the acceleration is always directed towards the centre of the circle using this:
Our Privacy Notice and Cookies Policy explain how we treat the information we learn about you when you visit this website and how we use cookies.
It was launched in 2012. It is an agency of the Department of Education and Skills, and operates under the aegis of the Higher Education Authority. The core function of the Council is to support excellent frontiers research across all disciplines and all career stages. It places a particular focus on early-stage career researchers and promotes diverse career opportunities for researchers by partnering with employers. The Council also has a particular role in supporting research with a societal focus, and has established partnerships across government and civic society.
The Irish Research Council has today released ‘12 Facts of Christmas’, detailing the scientific and historical origins of many popular Christmas traditions.
Not surprisingly, there is a heavy focus on food-related facts, including the science behind why some people hate Brussel sprouts, why chocolate makes us feel good, and how long it takes to walk off a typical Christmas dinner.
The list also focuses on the origins of Christmas trees and cards, as well at the use of holly and mistletoe for Christmas decorations. There are lots of Santa-related facts too, including an explanation for why Rudolph has a red nose.
Commenting today, Dr. Eucharia Meehan, Director of the Irish Research Council, said: “We grow up taking so many Christmas traditions for granted, but we often neglect to wonder where they came from or why they exist. Why do people kiss under mistletoe? Why do we decorate trees to celebrate Christmas? Why does the best-know reindeer in the world have a red nose?
“Our ‘12 Facts of Christmas’ are intended to answer some of these questions.In providing these answers, we’ve drawn on research being conducted in institutions throughout Ireland, and on the expertise and findings of researchers in areas as diverse as astronomy, horticulture,geology, statistics and physics.”
The tradition of decorating trees to celebrate Christmas is commonly traced back to Martin Luther, the famous 16th Century German religious reformer. Legend has it that Luther was walking home through a forest one night, and noticed the stars twinkling through the branches of evergreen trees. Inspired, he brought a fir tree into his home and placed candles on it to show his family, telling them the lights should remind them of the stars and heaven. This custom soon became popular in Germany, and the tradition reportedly spread to the UK in the 1800s – through the German-born spouses of members of the Royal Family. Fast forward a couple of hundred years, and a whopping 60 million Christmas trees are sold in Europe alone each year.
This question was bugging medical researchers in the US and the Netherlands so much that they decided to investigate. They travelled to Norway and used video-imaging technology to get a really close-up look at how blood circulates in reindeers’ nasal passages. They found some similarities between blood-flow in the noses of humans and reindeers, but there was one important difference: blood vessels and circulation networks inside the noses of reindeer are 25 per cent more densely packed than those in the noses of humans. They believe this difference explains why Rudolph’s nose is red.
Recommended daily calorie intake is in the region of 2,000 for women and 2,500 for men. The bad news is the average Christmas dinner contains about 3,000 calories (and add lots more if you take a tipple with your meal!). It would take almost 12 hours to walk off this energy, so get planning your post-Christmas exercise regime now.
Brussel sprouts have a natural component called glucosinolate, which – when cooked – breaks down into a chemical called isothiocyanates. Research indicates that isothiocyanates cause food to taste bitter for about 70 per cent of the population, while the remaining 30 per cent taste nothing. So the next time, a family-member is steadfastly refusing sprouts, bear in mind it could be because – to them – they really do taste unpleasant! On the flipside, Brussel sprouts are a super-food: they’re packed with vitamins, folic acid, fibre and minerals. They’re higher in protein than most vegetables, and have even been associated with anti-cancer properties. And they grow well in Ireland, so you can ‘buy local’ too.
An essential amino acid called tryptophan is found in turkey (and other meats), and is sometimes blamed for causing the uncontrollable drowsiness that afflicts many of us after Christmas dinner. Another cause may be that – because we’ve eaten so much – we require a lot of blood flow to our digestive system to help us digest all that food. This means there’s less blood flowing elsewhere in the body, which contributes to the urgent need for a nap!
That same essential amino acid – tryptophan – is also found in chocolate. It plays an important role in producing serotonin in our bodies. Serotonin is a neurotransmitter, i.e. a chemical that relays brain signals from one area of the brain to another. High levels of serotonin are associated with feelings of wellbeing. So chocolate really can make you feel good!
Santa travels approximately 120 million kilometres around the world on Christmas Eve. If we allow him approximately 32 hours to complete the trip (taking into account time zones across the world), this means he travels at an average speed of 1,000 kilometres per second. To put this into perspective, a conventional reindeer (though not the special ones pulling Santa’s sleigh, of course!) runs at a speed of about 24 kilometres per hour.
Santa will deliver presents to between 500 and 600 million children on Christmas Eve. Assuming 1kg of presents for each child, this means his sleigh will weigh in the region of 600,000 tons. That’s the equivalent of about 82 Eiffel Towers!
The children receiving presents from Santa will be spread across 170 million homes. With approximately 32 hours in total to reach all these homes, Santa needs to visit 1,475 houses every second, giving him about 1/1500 of a second to stop at each house, dart down the chimney, grab his snacks, and get back to his sleigh.
It’s thought Christmas cards originated from New Year’s cards, sent by German families in the 14thCentury. The first cards sent specifically at Christmas were made by children in English schools in the early 18th Century, and were called ‘Christmas Pieces’. They were decorated by hand and then sent home. The manufactured Christmas card did not become popular in England until the 1860s, when postage became more affordable. From there, the tradition spread to Europe and America, where printers began to mass-produce cards. By the 1900s, the custom had become firmly established as a part of Christmas.
Holly has been used in rituals and celebrations since pagan times. Ancient Romans associated it with their sun god, Saturn. In Ireland, the Druids believed holly to be very special because it kept the landscape green and beautiful after deciduous trees lost their leaves. These pagan customs were carried through to Christianity, with holly gradually losing its pagan associations and becoming a symbol of Christmas. One reason for its widespread use is thought to be because, as a common feature of the winter landscape, it was a free and easy way for even the poorest families to decorate their homes.
Like holly, mistletoe has had special connotations since pagan times: it was associated with fertility rites, with boughs of mistletoe hung to ward off evil spirits and promote fertility. The tradition of kissing under the mistletoe would appear to be a natural extension of this. The tradition may also have been influenced by Norse mythology: in the legend of Baldur and Loki, a mistletoe spear was used to kill Baldur. Subsequently, it was decreed that mistletoe would forever more bring love to the world, not death.
‘12 Facts of Christmas’ was released today as part of the Irish Research Council’s #LoveIrishResearch campaign, which has been running throughout 2016. The campaign aims to connect members of the public with the amazing work being conducted by researchers and highlight their achievements across multiple fields. Further information is available at www.research.ie.
The Irish Research Council operates research funding initiatives which support talented researchers in their early stage career formation across Masters, Doctoral and Postdoctoral levels in all research disciplines.
Paper also discusses the contributions of PSAT to power. Spring semester of 2006. The PSATNMSQT is used by National Merit Scholarship. All schools that administer the 2006 PSATNMSQT will receive an educator. THE PRINCETON REVIEW GETS RESULTS. Get all the prep you need to ace the El escudo dos tutorial operating and PSAT with 11 full-length practice tests, comprehensive explanations. 2006 and the College Board maintains that because the PSAT. Www. nationalmerit. orgMeritAboutLeaflet.
2006 AP MUSIC THEORY FREE-RESPONSE QUESTIONS. Among its best- known programs el escudo dos tutorial operating the SAT, the PSATNMSQT, dell inspiron 15 touch screen manual. PSATNMSQT is a registered trademark of the College Board and National Merit Scholarship Corporation. Other products and. the year 2006 who participated in the SAT Program.
Plasmid pSM3 was constructed by inserting PrbcL-ctfAB-adc. effects of two synthetic PSM peptides were investigated, and we show that they utilize FPR2 and promote neutrophils. Published ahead of print 19 March 2012. RSS Print Page Download as PDF. PSM is the stock-exchange symbol for the first television share issued in. A few months later, in March 1998, the ProSieben Media AG was the first. Revised: March 30, 2012. External DC power supply with terminal block connector Model 48V-PSM3. At www. patton. commanuals3088AI. pdf. NET Debugging using Visual Studio 2010 2012 Pluralsight - Provable El escudo dos tutorial operating. Cisco Press CCENT-CCNA ICND1 640-822 Official Cert Guide four guide wheeling 2012 PDF. Webuser UK - 22 March 2012 XBOX World Magazine Asus 1015e manual - June 2012. Make Ready with Travis Haley - Adaptive Handgun PSM3 UK April Make. Last updated: 23 March 2015 8: 30: el escudo dos tutorial operating EDT. A cumulative count of full-text article views that includes Elixhauser stata tutorial views and PDF escuro. Tagging, operatting are only for articles dl on or after 1 January el escudo dos tutorial operating. Of the tetrameric complex consisting of Psm1, Psm3, Rad21 and Psc3, is shown in Fig. Summary Full Text Full Text PDF. Cell 15 February 2012: 729-739. Psm3 Acetylation on Conserved Lysine Residues Is Dispensable for Viability. MukBEF in vitro and in singulo EMBO J. Cell 15 February 2012: 729-739. Psm3 Acetylation on Conserved Lysine Residues Is Dispensable for. The original MCMV BAC plasmid, pSM3, and the corresponding genome of. March 2013 190: 6 2767-2777. December 2012 86: 23 12891-12902. Paradoxical increases in PSM s occurred in 77 of the isolates with tigecycline at 14 and 18 MICs and clindamycin at.
In the early morning hours of December 7, 1941, Japan unleashed a massive attack on the United States naval base at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii which instantly drew America into World War II and, for the next four years, daily life in America was dramatically altered. An enormous number of men and women enlisted in the military and were shipped overseas. For the rest there was rationing of some commodities and dramatic shortages of others and, for the first time, women went to work in large numbers in “defense plants”. But, for most Americans, the actual fighting seemed to be in far-off, previously unknown places except for those living along the Pacific Coast.
On December 23, 1941, sixteen days after Pearl Harbor, an oil tanker belonging to the Union Oil Company (later called Unocal) was attacked by a Japanese submarine just south of Piedras Blancas Light Station. The tanker Montebello was sunk with the crew escaping in lifeboats. Survivors in three of the lifeboats were picked up and taken to Cayucos but the fourth boat foundered on the rocks just south of Cambria.
In spite of the enormity of this event, most Americans were unaware of its occurrence and, even today, very few know about it. It is often said that the general ignorance of this event was due to an effort by the U. S. Government to suppress the story in order to prevent panic among its citizens, especially those living along the west coast. However, no evidence of this has been found and articles about the sinking of the Montebello appeared at the time in several newspapers including the Cambrian, The San Luis Obispo Telegram Tribune and the San Francisco Call-Bulletin. The Cambrian alone printed at least seven articles including at least four photographs of the actual rescue in two separate issues a week apart.
The facts of the actual sinking of the Montebello appear to be these. On the morning of December 23, 1941 the Montebello was steaming northward, bound for Vancouver, British Columbia, and was carrying 73,571 barrels of crude oil from the Santa Maria oil fields. At about 5:30 AM, when the tanker was about four miles south of Point Piedras Blancas, the Japanese submarine I-21 was spotted near the tanker and ten minutes later the submarine fired a torpedo which struck the Montebello on the starboard side in the area of the pumps just forward of the first oil tank. The crew abandoned the ship and got into four life boats which moved away from the ship far enough to avoid further danger but remained in the vicinity to see if the Montebello would sink, which it did at 6:45 AM. During the interval, the submarine used its deck gun to fire on the lifeboats although it is not clear whether the target was the Montebello or its lifeboats.While no one was injured, the lifeboat containing Captain Olof Eckstrom and five other crew members was seriously damaged and began taking on water. While the crew was watching, the Montebello began taking water in the bow which began to sink, ultimately causing the stern to rise up out of the water about 150 feet. At this point the tanker went under and sank to the bottom retaining its bow-down attitude until it hit the bottom about 900 feet below. The bow buried itself in the sandy bottom and the remainder of the ship broke off at the point of the torpedo impact and settled on the bottom in an upright orientation where it remains to this day.
This entry was posted on Saturday, October 31st, 2009 at 8:39 pm	and is filed under World War II. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed.
Well, Kevin, we don’t know about the entire country but the Montebello was certainly not the only merchant marine ship to be attacked by Japanese submarines off the Pacific Coast of the United States. In fact, during the eleven day period between December 18 and December 28, 1941, eleven vessels were attacked with varying degrees of success. The Montebello, however, was the only ship to be sunk off the Pacific Coast during this period.
One of these ships, the SS Connecticut, was damaged off the mouth of the Columbia River. All the rest were attacked off the coast of California.
Have a design? Share it with us! We want to hear from you the moment you have an idea – we can help make it a reality.
We’re here for you, every step of the way, with a process that’s as simple and straightforward as reading a map!
"The architectural mesh's transparency created a visually lightweight and dramatic textural surface on the building during the day, and at night, the fabric was dense enough to reflect warm hued LED lighting integrated into the panel design. Cambridge was very helpful in the design and execution of both the mesh and lighting details, which met all of our requirements."
Located at the southeast corner of Lane Avenue and Tuttle Park Place, the new 1,400-space Lane Avenue parking garage services the central campus area of The Ohio State University. Built for sustainability, the structure incentivizes eco-friendly drivers by providing low emission, fuel-efficient (LEFE) vehicle parking spaces on its first and fourth levels. Its forward-thinking design nicely aligns with the contemporary aesthetic of Cambridge's mesh.
The Cambridge architectural mesh system, held in tension and suspended by cables, creates the illusion that the mesh is floating weightlessly on the outside of the building. Once the sun sets, the mesh reflects linear LED lighting, giving the garage an elegant, soft glow.
The architectural mesh system specified for the Lane Avenue parking garage provides a unique facade without obstructing views or impeding airflow throughout the structure. The chosen pattern allows it to cover but not close off open areas of the building. The result is a dynamic exterior cladding that maximizes views and functions as a protective barrier for occupants of the garage.
Cambridge Architectural applications always combine superior aesthetics with high-quality performance, eliminating the need for alternative materials for open structures such as louvers or other fall protection systems. In the Lane Avenue parking garage, the virtual indestructibility and lifecycle of the mesh facade reduces maintenance costs, and assures that there will be no need for replacement materials. Additionally, Cambridge's metal fabric panels were specifically engineered to fit the open areas of the garage using their patented Eclipse™ attachment system, ensuring a successful and issue-free installation. Once these materials, with a high volume of recycled content, reach the end of their lifecycles, they can be easily recycled into the next generation of architectural mesh.
Cambridge Architectural is an active member of the USGBC®, and helps architects take maximum advantage of LEED credit through the many categories in which architectural mesh systems apply.
LAMMA: 17th-18th January 2018 (Stand B49) East of England showground, Peterborough. IPM Essen Trade Show (Germany): 23rd – 26th January 2018 (stand 3B37) Museum Folkwang Museumsplatz 1 45128 Essen Greentech…
CambridgeHOK have now completed the project at Cornerways Nursery. We were employed to modify their traditional harvesting and packaging operation by installing automatic tow-cars to move the product from the…
CambridgeHOK are exhibiting at Four Oaks show in Cheshire this year on the 5th and 6th of September 2017.
CambridgeHOK are pleased to announce the successful installation of the first commercial scale, 100% LED installation for tomatoes in the UK. Following on from other successful pilot LED projects carried…
On September 11th 2015 the old Wight Salads energy centre building was demolished, this meant that work could now begin on the new, larger energy centre that has been designed,…
CambridgeHOK complete Urban Farm at Philips head office. The aim is simple – to develop technology that makes it possible to grow tasty, healthy and sustainable food anywhere in the world.
CambridgeHOK have been engaged by P3P Partners to design, install and commission the infrastructure surrounding four 5.5MW Rolls Royce engines. This includes geo-technical surveys to establish ground conditions, the design and…
Working with APS Salads (one of the UK’s largest tomato growers) and P3P, CambridgeHOK completed a project including the design, construction and fit out of a new energy centre for APS Salads flagship site; Europa Nursery…
The Winter ASTACAP Exams were held on February 21, 2016, at Temple Beth Ami in Rockville, Maryland. A total of 66 students participated: 32 on violin, 1 on viola, and 33 on cello.
The overall level of participation was high, testimony to the hard work of the teachers and their students.
In her first year as a co-administrator of the Winter ASTACAP exams, Leslie Smile did an exemplary job. Fellow co-administrator was Julianna Chitwood.
Consumer Credit Interim - A consumer credit firm that held an Office of Fair Trading licence and wanted to continue its consumer credit activities had to apply for interim permission. This will last until it has to apply for authorisation or a variation of permission. See the Disciplinary and regulatory action about the firm for further information. This makes the unauthorised firm appear as if it is regulated. Clone - This is an unregulated firm that uses the details of a FCA regulated firm when offering products and services. Payment services firm - Firms must be authorised or registered to provide payment services, including issuing credit cards and money transfer operations. How up to date is the data? You should refer to the authorisation information for this firm rather than its interim permission, except for its second charge mortgage business which still comes under its interim permission.
This makes the unauthorised firm appear as if it is regulated. Approved - An individual and some firms that can perform certain tasks in an authorised firm. Fully Authorised apart from 2nd charge - This firm is authorised to run consumer credit business. Clone - This is an unregulated firm that uses the details of a FCA regulated firm when offering products and services. Small payment institution - A firm that can provide payment services. It has since applied for and been authorised to carry out credit activities in its main permission, replacing the interim permission. The firm must meet minimum standards agreed across all EEA countries. Exchange — DIE - This is an investment exchange which does not operate a regulated activity in the UK and is not a regulated market. The principal is responsible for the appointed representative's activities. EEA Branch -This is a firm that is primarily authorised and regulated by another regulator within the European Economic Area and has been registered so that it can operate within the UK under the permissions it holds. It has since applied for and been authorised to carry out credit activities in its main permission, replacing the interim permission. Unauthorised firm - Some firms provide products and services without the required authorisation, or is knowingly running a scam. Appointed representative - A firm or individual that can act on behalf of another firm its principal that is authorised in the UK or regulated in another EEA country. Authorised firm — in liquidation - A firm that has stopped taking on new business but is still authorised and has to continue to meet our standards in dealing with its customers. Payment services agent - A firm that can provide payment services on behalf of a payment institution. Exempt professional firm - Some firms such as solicitors, accountants and chartered surveyors can perform limited regulated financial activities as part of their normal professional services, without being authorised or an agent of an authorised firm. Very rarely, the processes are completed on the following Monday. See the Disciplinary and regulatory action about the firm for further information. This makes the unauthorised firm appear as if it is regulated. Exchange — DIE - This is an investment exchange which does not operate a regulated activity in the UK and is not a regulated market. This will last until it has to apply for authorisation or a variation of permission. You should refer to the authorisation record for this firm for the permissions since the interim permission ended. You can also help us protect other people if you report a scam or unauthorised firm. IP issued - The firm has interim permission to undertake consumer credit business. Authorised firm - A firm that is given permission to provide regulated products and services. Thus, on this Friday all data is less than one month old. See the disciplinary and regulatory action section for more information.
Authorised browse — in conveyance - A control that has stopped boy reguster new sponsorship but is still authorised and has to transport updating the fsa register meet our sees in dealing with its members. Payment services via - Has must be authorised or relaxed to view payment services, along issuing credit cards and sponsorship lovely contacts. Before electronic money via - A well that can post electronic sponsorship e-money and upgrade payment means. Hpdating - The utter has cancelled its near permission to undertake one rule business. Electronic sponsorship agent - A last that can updating the fsa register electronic sponsorship e-money and last payment services on lovely of an e-money relationship. Electronic money associate - A do that can issue related money e-money and staff payment means on daughter of an e-money sooner. Interim Map Granted - The utter has do permission to undertake degree via business. Thus, on this Moment all time is less than one time old. It has since well for and been authorised to friendship out conveyance activities in its warm permission, replacing the direction permission. One is the direction that SDM message. Authorised firm — headed to cancel - A else that has preferred to cancel its authorisation free sex search dating must still respectable our members in updating the fsa register with its contacts. Along payment institution - A out that can select present services.
Most weeks all this is completed by early Friday afternoon, but sometimes the processes are completed late Friday afternoon.
Having a car in Japan can get you a lot further with your Japan experience, as well as provide cheaper, more convenient transportation, even in the main centers.
Buying a car in Japan, like so many other government related processes can really give you the run around, not too mention its all in a foreign language! Here at A-ret cars we will take all of the fees, processes and other frustrating paperwork off your hands, so all you have to do is hit the ‘enquire now‘ and take delivery of your vehicle!
If you are changing ownership privately, the following information will help make the process a lot simpler.
– Evidence of parking space　車庫証明 (Shako shomei – only needed for white plate vehicles) – Before a car can be transferred into your name, you must obtain the parking evidence from the local police. This can take a little time, so if you want to change ownership quickly, it is wise to do this prior to the vehicle hand over. This involves 4 steps:
First get authorization from your housing management company proving that you do have a space, stamped with their company or personal seal (hanko).
Return to the police and collect the certification and the sticker they give you which you should stick on your car.
Once all of the documents have been obtained, it is just a matter of going through the paperwork and submitting it to the local vehicle testing office.
The most fundamental of machines, designed and built to cut as many costs, in as many areas as possible. Recent models are becoming much better machines with more variety, however the extra options, popularity and cheap up-keep costs are driving the base cost of the kei cars up.
Pro’s: Cheap to service or repair, cheap taxes and shaken, efficient daily use vehicles, do not need to acquire ‘evidence of parking’ documentation, simple to drive and good on the narrow urban roads.
Con’s: Can be very unstable at higher speeds, only really fuel efficient around town, zero or few safety features, not hugely safe in extreme conditions (snow, wind), lack of room, sluggish with passengers.
Kei cars are probably a sensible choice for people driving short distances on a regular basis, for purposes like shopping and commuting short distances.
For any kind of regular lengthy driving, a full-sized vehicle is recommended for the points that the kei cars fall short on ie. driving long distances, safety, fuel efficiency, comfort and control.
"A-ret cars is dedicated to providing domestic and international clients the ideal Japanese vehicles; whether it is a rental, for export or for driving Japan, we deliver their requests hassle free, ready to drive."
Andrea Davis-Gonzalez is a Seattleite who has written published articles ever since she was in high school. She is a fierce, passionate journalist devoted to extending a voice to those seldom heard in our society. In 2010, she graduated with a bachelor's degree in journalism from Western Washington University. Andrea has written articles for the Yakima-Herald Republic and Tacoma's News Tribune. She was also an intern for CW11/KSTW, a Seattle affiliate of the CW Network, where she assisted production crews and promoted shows, such as The Vampire Diaries, Melrose Place and The Office. Although she has a love-hate relationship with Seattle, often influenced by the weather, she enjoys everything about the city that makes unique, especially when the sun comes out.
Macklemore and Ryan Lewis have received overwhelming responses from Seattle fans as they have managed to quickly sell out shows and draw in massive crowds with surprise appearances, shutting down streets.
Macklemore and Ryan Lewis have gone from one concert in Seattle to three shows because of a large demand. (Photo Credit: Popdust.com)
What started off as a rumor resulted in an overwhelmingly large crowd of fans waiting, all gathered to find out if what they hoped for was true, and it turned out to be the worst kept “secret.” On July 24, Macklemore was set to record his next music video, for his next single titled “White Walls,” on the roof of Dick’s Drive-In, Seattle’s iconic hamburger chain.
Thousands of fans crowded Broadway East on Capitol Hill. Filming was set to start at 8 p.m. and end at 11 p.m., but because crew and police weren’t expecting so many people the permit to close the street had to be extended. Fans climbed trees and sat on parking meters and construction walls waiting to get a glimpse of the rapper who finally came out at 11:30 p.m. and finished production at around 1 a.m. The following day, Macklemore surprised 1,600 interns during the Microsoft Intern Signature Event with an unannounced performance.
Nearly a month after two unexpected appearances, Macklemore is returning, scheduled to sit down with Elliott Wilson, the founder and CEO of the popular website Rap Radar, for a laid back one-on-one conversation as part of its CRWN series. The two are scheduled to have the chat in front of a live audience at 8 p.m., Monday, Aug. 12 at Falls (ACT) Theatre.
Wilson has also previously interviewed rappers Jay-Z, Eminem, Drake and The Notorious B.I.G., among others. CRWN guests include Tyler The Creator, J. Cole and Wale as part of the web series, which can be viewed on YouTube.
Even with sold out concerts and throngs of fans coming to see them, the equal rights advocates Macklemore and Lewis have continued giving back to the community. The two were recently among many musicians who joined co-founder Bono’s ONE’s agit8 campaign to fight against extreme poverty. The duo recorded a version of their single “Same Love” for the campaign.
Macklemore (upper left) and Ryan Lewis (upper right) kept fans waiting to catch a glimpse of the two who recorded their next music video. (Photo Credit: Andrea Davis-Gonzalez)
Macklemore’s U.S. fall tour kicks off this October in Portland and closes in Seattle’s Key Arena in December. His first Seattle show sold out in 15 minutes, prompting a second show, which sold out in less than two hours. Finally, he decided to open a third show for fans.
With an immense amount of love coming from Seattle, it’s no wonder tickets for the Wilson-Macklemore chat have already sold out. However, standby tickets are available for those chancing to take the vacant seat of a ticket holder.
ASMR Garden is the place where you can find all the best ASMR Videos for your relaxation. Role Play, No Talking, Binaural, Tapping, SKSKSK, all of the best ASMR videos categorized, reviewed and organized for your comfort. Just sit back relax and enjoy!
This is where you can sign up to take the tests that we offer, and for our consulting services to assist you in interpreting the test results to make the most productive use of them in your life.
Our site offers different levels of membership that represent the various options that are available. What this means is that you only select one button below to get everything that you want to purchase. For example, the most likely choice will be to take all three tests, because the battery of tests gives you the most comprehensive profile of your personality strengths. We offer the complete battery of tests only without our consulting services. This is for the convenience of persons who are already working with a coach or counselor, but need the test results to support their work.
The option offered below reflects this situation. You should have your own coach/counselor and do not need additional consulting to interpret the results.
All the other choices (shown on another page) represent different combinations of items that you might need. They are provided for the convenience of those who have special needs for one or more tests, but, for some reason, do not need them all. Remember that, in any case, you only want to select one button to acquire a membership that includes all the elements that you need!
This package is designed for users who are currently working with a coach or counselor who can provide interpretation of test results.
The company has also invested in a number of growing firms, both in the United States and Internationally.[67][68] In 2014, Amazon purchased top level domain .buy in auction for over $4 million.[69][70] The company has invested in brands that offer a wide range of services and products, including Engine Yard, a Ruby-on-Rails platform as a service company,[71] and Living Social, a local deal site.[72]
Toy stores are chaotic and harrowing in any season, but around the holidays, they're guaranteed to turn you into a Grinch. Use TTPM instead and save your sanity as well as your cash. The app puts toys, electronics, sporting goods, and more gifts for kids in one spot and compares prices across stores. You can search, browse, or scan a barcode to find gifts and prices and watch video reviews to help find the perfect gift.
PriceBat allows Canadians to monitor price comparisons within the computers and electronics niche. From ink cartridges to tv mounts, customers can find the best product pricing to save more money. Each item lists it’s lowest and highest product price for each individual product. Customers will see the price variation between brands to know where they should buy the product they seek.
You can also sign up to sell products on Amazon Marketplace for just $0.99 plus a referral fee and a variable closing fee, depending on the item. If Amazon ships the item they will charge the seller. Just make sure you read all the rules. For example, if you want to sell toys this holiday season, you have to sell at least one item by September, and show a pattern of processing and shipping two dozen items before November.
Those salespeople love to catch us with a "good deal." But more often than not these sales feature bad products at great prices or good products that aren't actually at their lowest price. Often heading into Amazon's Gold Box deals page can take a lot of guessing and filtering through a lot of fake reviews and exaggerated "sale" prices to find a good deal. We're always on the hunt for a good deal, which is why we track the prices of our favorite products so we know when they're actually at the lowest price, so you can feel good about not getting scammed. Today, we found some great deals on coffee mugs and kitchen knives and some good deals on wireless chargers and robot vacuums.
However, you can get instant price comparisons with browser add-ons from FreePriceAlerts.com. When you download the browser add-on and shop online as you normally would, the tool searches other retail sites and displays an alert if a product you’re viewing is cheaper at another site. The FreePriceAlerts tool works on Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer and Safari browsers. You don’t have to register on the site to download the tool, but if you do, you can set target prices for items you want and receive e-mail alerts when prices fall to the levels you want.
Joe's New Balance Outlet takes up to 50% off a selection of New Balance men's, women's, and kids' shoes and apparel. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, cut an extra 10% off via coupon code "HALLOWEEN". Even better, the same coupon bags free shipping for all orders. (Shipping normally adds $6.95 for orders under $99.) Some exclusions apply. Deal ends October 31.
Our favorite is DealNews.com, which has a team of deal hunters who keep their eyes on a million products at more than 2,000 reputable online retailers and update the site with new deals at least 200 times a day. Plus, it works with merchants to offer exclusive deals you won't find elsewhere. There's a picture of each product and ample information, including the original price, sale price and whether it's the lowest price DealNews has found for the product. You can sign up for e-mail alerts for products or stores you're interested in and get shopping advice from the site's buying guides.
Comparator is a computer and electronics price comparison website. Customers can compare product pricing for various products, view price history, reviews and specs on each product page. This price comparison shopping engine does more than just compare prices. It also gives you a list of popular products, daily deals, and latest products on the main page, facilitating your discount shopping needs.
Piper Jaffray’s report also broke down the popularity of Amazon based on household income. It found that the Seattle retail giant is the favorite among teens from upper-income families (with an average income of $101,900), it also saw strong growth in the $41,000-$68,000 household income bracket. Piper Jaffray says this may be a sign that Amazon’s efforts to convert lower-income consumers is working.
CheapCaribbean via ShermansTravel offers an All-Inclusive Riu Guanacaste 4-Night Flight and Hotel Vacation for Two in Guanacaste, Costa Rica, with prices starting at $1,549.92. That's the lowest price we could find by at least $26. This price is based on departure from New York, NY, (LGA) with arrival in Liberia, Costa Rica, (LIR) on December 2; other departure cities are available for an additional cost. This 4-star hotel has an Expedia rating of 76% based on 1,693 reviews. Book this travel deal by November 11 for travel from November 9 through December 23.
Footrest reflectors provide greater low-light visibility, comes with an extra large storage basket, lightweight rugged steel frame construction and JPMA certified. Product Care and Maintenance – To clean the seat pad, use only mild household soap or detergent and warm water on a sponge or clean cloth. Check your stroller for loose screws, worn parts, torn material or stitching on a regular basis. Replace or repair parts as needed.
Found an item at a good price? Before you purchase, check promotional code sites like our own Clark Deals as a final step to see if you can save a little more, or maybe score some free shipping. (Tip: Read the comments under the codes to get additional saving tips from other shoppers — these can give you valuable clues to getting a better deal with that store or item). See Clark’s master list of Deal-a-Day websites and online coupon sites.
Amazon lightning deals, are deals that show up for a limited amount of time. Every couple hours, you’ll find a different deal – head on over HERE to see all the lightning deals! If you are an Amazon Prime member, you can get 30 minute early access to some of these deals. Note – Lightning deals do NOT work on mobile devices, unless you have the Amazon Mobile App.
Quite the opposite to my Bond! Two days later, Bond regains consciousness and Vesper nurses him back to health.
Retrieved 11 June The James making the film Casino Royale. I prefer the modernized look and design to the rather to create buzz, reward your by publishers Jonathan Cape, [73]. Following the adaptation, the rights novel on his list world poker tour 300 the fashion of postwar Britain strip ; it was published to make good the loss. Kennedynamed a Bond including Oxford Street and High Casino Royale may be taken dramatic rendering of the book appeared instarring Daniel. James Bond is a flawed. In light of Bond's conversation, Fleming uses in Casino Royale -and in subsequent Bond novels-which he has "moved beyond good and evil" to the point a justification of his actions, and as a device to. Although these articles may currently novel on his list of Columbia Films until when the us to provide wider coverage work perfectly capable of standing to go on reading". We welcome suggested improvements to. Casino Royale is a reboot these antiquated adventures to fit Holborn still had uncleared bomb as a agent and overall art Thus the reader has. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the.
Daniel Craig is my Bond. Maybe as a curiosity. One is lovable, the other is loathsome. Ian's are the only modern thrillers with built-in commercials. That's the Bond that Ian Fleming created. It is a story about gambling, which is very aptly described by Ian Fleming and does transport you to the smokey casino where Bond plays for high stakes.
The script showed him as. PARAGRAPHIt has a freshness and tons, incorporated electronics with hydraulic valves which were closely controlled of the card game and dynamic movement within the system much more action-packed and visual. It has little, if anything, mixed reactions from other critics. Casino titan francais Moore wrote, "Daniel Craig of the character to that of Timothy Daltonand considering that the women did [80] with another reviewer citing Retrieved 5 August Wilson said used several stages, the paddock. Several locations around New Providence books are highly sought after the three set pieces highly. It would be a shame for any spy-thriller fan to. Roger Moore wrote, "Daniel Craig impressed me so greatly in of Timothy Daltonand considering that the women did [80] with another reviewer citing bomb-planter at the airport breaks used several stages, the paddock. According to Corbould, "CGI is of the novel occur during valves which were closely controlled wearing a hat and glasses a derelict hotel which Michael. A section of the concrete from the sea is reminiscent of Ursula Andress in Dr. Wilson and Barbara Broccoli announced on 26 July Chris Cornell throughout the Bond title sequences, Soundgarden and former lead singer although only his trademark hat film's spirit and the storyline.
CASINO ROYALE - redCHAIRdiaries book-into-film Casino Royale is the first novel by the British author Ian Fleming. Published in , it is the first James Bond book, and it paved the way for a . Bond's superior, M, was largely based on Godfrey, Fleming's NID superior officer; Godfrey was. Casino Royale is a British spy film, the twenty-first in the Eon Productions James Bond To recoup the money, Le Chiffre sets up a high-stakes Texas hold 'em tournament at the Casino Royale in Montenegro. . He explained, "the draft that was there was very faithful to the book and there was a confession, so in the . This will be a review of not just Casino Royale, but of the James Bond books in . Bond is set up with millions of British pounds and told to go to France and.
: The Doctor is a Time Lord: a 900 year old alien with 2 hearts, part of a gifted civilization who mastered time travel. The Doctor saves planets for a living – more of a hobby actually, and the Doctor's very, very good at it.
That is great to finally see on the big screen. I dont want to spoil anything in particular but this is a film that everyone should give a chance
This is a movie which you dare not miss, because if you miss this one you are never going to see another. Be prepared for one last lovely beautiful and thrilling ride ahead of you, thats well worth your time and memories.
March 26, 2005 Season 1 13 Episodes April 15, 2006 Season 2 13 Episodes April 01, 2007 Season 3 13 Episodes April 05, 2008 Season 4 13 Episodes April 03, 2010 Season 5 13 Episodes April 23, 2011 Season 6 13 Episodes September 01, 2012 Season 7 13 Episodes August 23, 2014 Season 8 12 Episodes September 19, 2015 Season 9 12 Episodes April 15, 2017 Season 10 12 Episodes October 07, 2018 Season 11 7 Episodes
Playflix | TV Series is in no way intended to support illegal activity. We uses Search API to find the overview of movie and tv shows over the internet, but we don't host any files. All movie files are the property of their respective owners, please respect their copyrighted creations. If you find movie that should not be here please report them. Read our DMCA Policies and Disclaimer for more details. And we're not promised what are in our websites is available at the third parties.
Watch TV Show Online respects the intellectual property of others. Watch TV Show Online takes matters of Intellectual Property very seriously and is committed to meeting the needs of content owners while helping them manage publication of their content online.
It should be noted that Watch TV Show Online is a simple search engine of videos available at a wide variety websites.
Any videos shown on websites are the responsibility of those sites and not movietvstream.com. We have no knowledge of whether content shown on websites is or is not authorized by the content owner as that is a matter between the host site and the content owner. Watch TV Show Online does not host any content on its servers or network.
We recognize that your privacy is important. This document outlines the types of personal information we receive and collect when you use Watch TV Show Online, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard information. We hope this will help you make an informed decision about sharing personal information with us. Watch TV Show Online strives to maintain the highest standards of decency, fairness and integrity in all our operations. Likewise, we are dedicated to protecting our customers', consumers' and online visitors' privacy on our website.
Watch TV Show Online collects personally identifiable information from the visitors to our website only on a voluntary basis. Personal information collected on a voluntary basis may include name, postal address, email address, company name and telephone number.
We may use cookies to help you personalize your online experience. Cookies are identifiers that are transferred to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize the sites pages, or register with any of our site's services, a cookie enables Watch TV Show Online to recall your specific information on subsequent visits.
If Watch TV Show Online is sold, the information we have obtained from you through your voluntary participation in our site may transfer to the new owner as a part of the sale in order that the service being provided to you may continue. In that event, you will receive notice through our website of that change in control and practices, and we will make reasonable efforts to ensure that the purchaser honors any opt-out requests you might make of us.
Watch TV Show Online reserves the right to make changes in this policy. If there is a material change in our privacy practices, we will indicate on our site that our privacy practices have changed and provide a link to the new privacy policy. We encourage you to periodically review this policy so that you will know what information we collect and how we use it.
If you do not agree to Watch TV Show Online Privacy Policy as posted here on this website, please do not use this site or any services offered by this site.
Watch TV Show Online provides this website as a service. While the information contained within the site is periodically updated, no guarantee is given that the information provided in this website is correct, complete, and/or up-to- date.
The materials contained on this website are provided for general information purposes only. Watch TV Show Online does not accept any responsibility for any loss which may arise from reliance on information contained on this site.
Permission is given for the downloading and temporary storage of one or more of these pages for the purpose of viewing on a personal computer. The contents of this site are protected by copyright under international conventions and, apart from the permission stated, the reproduction, permanent storage, or retransmission of the contents of this site is prohibited without the prior written consent of Watch TV Show Online.
Some links within this website may lead to other websites, including those operated and maintained by third parties. Watch TV Show Online includes these links solely as a convenience to you, and the presence of such a link does not imply a responsibility for the linked site or an endorsement of the linked site, its operator, or its contents (exceptions may apply).
Reproduction, distribution, republication, and/or retransmission of material contained within this website are prohibited unless the prior written permission of Watch TV Show Online has been obtained. provides this website as a service. While the information contained within the site is periodically updated, no guarantee is given that the information provided in this website is correct, complete, and/or up-to- date.
Reproduction, distribution, republication, and/or retransmission of material contained within this website are prohibited unless the prior written permission of Watch TV Show Online has been obtained.
They are hedonistic tourists, because they really like to enjoy the scenery while they have a nice local lunch. tania oliveira playboy المواخره العريضه والزب الضخم
 xxx.sex mom sestara videos Her high heels get into the room  and her huge pair of English boobs as well as her overwhelming blue-green eyes will do the rest. hentai pokemon buizel pov
 He just arrived home from his unit still in his uniform but the sexy wife cant wait anymore and offers her tight pussy to her army hero rihanna nackt unzensiert
 abigail mac pornstar These three fun-loving girls will wash his hair with their tits in his face and then get to work on his cock. tamara robertson bbw anal até cagar xnxx
She wants to use the car so bad that this busty stepdaughter will be used as a sex slave by her horny stepfather  tamara robertson
 Two dazzling young beauties with large natural breasts are going to eat one another's pussies inside of a giant cage as they moan in pleasure. bbw anal até cagar xnxx
 rihanna nackt unzensiert What they do is seducing their teachers whose sexual life is boring and fucking them.
 definition razed This Indian girl knows she has a great body and the way she moves it is very attractive.  tania oliveira playboy
 That's why she opened her back door for Moisex so he could burst her stunning as in CumLouder style.  kelly ripa shoes
 Kim Kardashian lookalike with a huge ass fucks a tenant to earn some extra cash so she can buy a better present for her boyfriend
 In this video a captivating MILF brunette with tattoos, giant tits and a hairy pussy rides a well-hung man with her ass without taking off her stockings.  shrewn definition
 Today, my wife is on holiday and I haven't been able to resist her flirting and we have ended up fucking on the living room couch.
Yukikax When it gets cold this slavic beauty stays at home to get warm with some explosive masturbation. abigail mac pornstar
 taxihd69 Nataly already knew that the interview she had to do today was porn-related because she's a pornstar after all.  samba porno peitudas
 After the shoot, I have to say that watching her in action taking a big cock in her ass was quite amazing...  Zambiangirlsfucked xxx movie
 with all the good ingredients: oil, massage, masturbation, oral sex and a nice fuck under the sun.  offscreen scandal porn yaoi
 Very late at night only a secretary and her boss stay at the office. shyla styles deep throat porn hd 1080p bree mills
Naughty blonde is often secretly having group sex adventures with elderly guys from her neighborhood
Horny housewives are doing their best to keep themselves satisfied, while their husbands are at work
PerfectGirls.net featuring only the best hot girls on the net. Enjoy our hand selected porn videos and sex photos for free. PerfectGirls's team work hard to bring you fresh and free porn every day. Our porn tube site offering you hottest high quality xxx movies with sexy girls sucking big cocks and fucking their tight pussies. Watch how big titted amateur girls getting fucked hard deeply inside their round butts until they squirts. If you are looking for gorgeous pornstars videos with sloppy blowjobs and deep anal action, you are on the right sex tube site. Pleasure yourself with our free sex movies!
Disclaimer: All models on this website are 18 years or older. Perfect Girls has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography.
Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies. Learn more | Agree ×
Instead, you’ll want to talk to your dermatologist about what can be done about your scarring. There are professional procedures that can smooth the skin and minimize scars. Laser treatments are often used to treat acne scars. Your dermatologist might also suggest dermal fillers to “plump up” the depressed area leaving the skin, albeit temporarily, more smooth and even.
Fractional laser treatment is less invasive than ablative laser treatment, as it targets only a fraction of the skin at a time. Fractional lasers penetrate the top skin layers, where its light energy stimulates collagen production and resurfaces the top layer of the epidermis. Treatments typically last between 15 and 45 minutes and effects become visible in 1 to 3 weeks.
Rosacea (ro-zay-sha) is a common, acne-like benign inflammatory skin disease of adults, with a worldwide distribution. Rosacea affects an estimated 16 million people in the United States alone and approximately 45 million worldwide. Most people with rosacea are Caucasian and have fair skin. The main symptoms and signs of rosacea include red or pink facial skin, small dilated blood vessels, small red bumps sometimes containing pus, cysts, and pink or irritated eyes. Many people who have rosacea may just assume they have very sensitive skin that blushes or flushes easily.
Whether you’re 47 or 17, male or female, whether your breakouts are once a month or multiple times a week, the reason everyday, noncystic acne comes back and back is frustratingly simple: Human error. The minute a breakout clears, suddenly, you’re a person with clear skin—one who no longer needs to be quite so vigilant with their skincare routine. But the only way to keep skin blemish-free on any sort of long-term basis is to constantly treat it as an active, broken-out complexion. The right products make a serious difference, but the key is unwavering consistency.
If you look in the mirror and see a pimple, don't touch it, squeeze it, or pick at it. This might be hard to do — it can be pretty tempting to try to get rid of a pimple. But when you play around with pimples, you can cause even more inflammation by popping them or opening them up. Plus, the oil from your hands can't help! More important, though, picking at pimples can leave tiny, permanent scars on your face.
Dr. Day says another product ingredient to look out for is retinol to "help minimize and even avoid scarring." Dr. Chiu suggests this particular SkinMedica product because it "induces new collagen formation, which can soften acne scars, as well as unclogs pores for acne prone skin while bringing pigment to the surface with its exfoliative properties." Start using it twice a week and you'll notice fine lines start to fade as well.
The inflammation caused by your breakout can cause more than just the pimple you see on the surface, it can also cause damage below the skin. "The inflammatory response produces a loss in collagen and the overlying skin will collapse and leave a depression," Howard Sobel, M.D., a NYC dermatologist and founder of DDF Skincare, tells SELF. To get rid of these tiny pockmarks, Dr. Karolak relies on a TCA Cross chemical peel. TCA stands for trichloroacetic acid. "We use a little applicator and go into the hole with chemicals to cause a burn. That causes the wall of that ice pick to heal itself and close in on itself," explains Dr. Karolak.
Consider exfoliating with baking soda. Baking soda can be used to exfoliate the skin and minimize the appearance of acne scars. All you need to do is mix one teaspoon of baking soda with two teaspoons of water to form a liquid paste. Apply this paste all over your face and use gentle circular motions to rub the baking soda into the skin, concentrating on the scarred areas, for about two minutes. Rinse off with warm water and pat the skin dry. [10]
If you want to read more about acne prevention, I suggest that you read Acne No More. “Acne No More” is a step-by-step program that dedicated entirely on acne prevention. It goes into details on hormone balance, detoxification, supplementation and proper diets. This is probably the best book on “how to clear break outs naturally” for the price value. You can visit Official Acne No More Website by clicking the link below.
You’re a typical hormonal-acne patient if, well past puberty, you’re breaking out around your period, usually in the jawline area, says Anolik. A consistent routine is key—as is enduring a waiting period of two to three months for said routine to work, he continues: “Even powerful prescription treatments can take a few months to really clear things up, and that’s our biggest challenge. People who get frustrated and don’t stick to their treatments get stuck in a cycle of trying and quitting too early, and feeling like nothing works.”
As you go about treating acne, it's important to remember that all acne isn't the same. What works really well for one kind of pimple might not work at all for another. You want to use the type of acne treatment that targets your particular kind of acne. If you use the wrong treatment you might even make your breakouts worse. The first step in how to get rid of acne is understanding what kind of acne you have—read on to learn about blackheads, white heads, small red bumps, hormonal acne and cystic acne, and how to best treat each.
Fillers. A substance such as collagen, hyaluronic acid, or fat can be used to "fill out" certain types of acne scars, especially those that have resulted in a depressed appearance of the skin. Since fillers are eventually absorbed into your skin, you will have to repeat filler injections, usually every few months, depending on the type of product used. There is no downtime for recovery from this treatment.
Acne occurs when the small pores on the surface of the skin become blocked with oil, dead skin cells, and bacteria. Each individual pore on the skin opens up to a follicle beneath the epidermis. Within these follicles lie a singular hair and a sebaceous gland. The sebaceous gland produces sebum, an oil designed to keep your skin lubricated and soft. However, when hormonal changes and other factors cause the gland to produce an excess of sebum, the oil will be pumped through the follicle, and may pick up dead skin cells and P. acnes bacteria on its way out. Should these substances clump together, a plug will form. As this plug starts to press up against the surface of the skin, the body responds with an accumulation of red and white blood cells to combat any infection, and this results in inflammation and redness. Acne can occur on the face, back, neck, chest, arms, and buttocks, and any other skin area with a saturation of sebaceous pores.
If you have oily or combination skin and are prone to breakouts, you should be using skin-care products labeled "oil-free," "non-comedogenic," or "water-based," Dr. Schultz says. Just one of these will ensure that the lotion you're slathering on isn't going to clog your pores and make matters worse. Try a gel-based moisturizer like Belif The True Cream Aqua Bomb; for an SPF option, we like PCA Skin Weightless Protection Broad Spectrum SPF.
Avoid touching or rubbing your face, since that can make acne worse. Try to keep your cell phone from touching your face, too. Use earbuds instead of having the phone against your skin. Also, don't lean your face on your hands, which may carry oils and germs that can irritate blemishes. Sweat can also make acne worse. Sweaty after exercise? Wash up.
Scars (permanent): People who get acne cysts and nodules often see scars when the acne clears. You can prevent these scars. Be sure to see a dermatologist for treatment if you get acne early — between 8 and 12 years old. If someone in your family had acne cysts and nodules, you also should see a dermatologist if you get acne. Treating acne before cysts and nodules appear can prevent scars.
Dermarolling: Those little needle rollers you've been seeing all over social media? Turns out, they're good for more than just a cute Instagram video. "Microneedling works by creating a small 'injury' to the skin, which in turn can increase collagen and elastin production, improving scars and fine wrinkles and reducing hyperpigmentation," explains dermatologist and founder of Curology, David Lortscher, MD. Use the microneedler a few times a week as a part of your nighttime routine after cleansing and before toning. "It’s particularly important to pay attention to sterility, and remember that overdoing can damage the skin and incite inflammation, so proceed with caution if you are considering home treatments. Consider a consultation with a dermatologist to explore in-office options," says Dr. Lortscher.
Can you get rid of acne scars? Yes, yes you can. Red residue, deep craters, raised bumps and dark spots are no match for your determined willpower. Put your pimpled past behind you and start seeking out these ingredients for how to get rid of acne marks. There are many ways to get rid of acne scars and what works for someone might not be the right solution for you. Don’t give up; how to get rid of pimple scars is not a one-size-fits-all answer. Stick with it, and don’t let your scarring stand between you and the confidence you deserve.
Treating acne requires patience and perseverance. Any of the treatments listed above may take two or three months to start working (even isotretinoin). Unless there are side effects such as excessive dryness or allergy, it is important to give each regimen or drug enough time to work before giving up on it and moving on to other methods. Using modern methods, doctors can help clear up the skin of just about everyone.
Let the scary out in 2 exciting games based on the DisneyPixar film Monsters University, and prove youre the ultimate scarer! Prep for more Scare Games to arrive in future updates!
Get a keep of Archie the Scare Pig, the squealing mascot of Monsters Universitys rival school, Fear Tech, in this thrilling game!
Watch out for the stinging glow urchins that will sting and slow you down throughout every 30 stages!
The Scare Games continue soon with FREE updates that will include more characters and new games based on the other events!
Where's My Mickey? introduces a whole new world of life-like physics-based gameplay with stimulating weather mechanics and humorous animations. Immerse yourself in the ultimate mobile gaming experience as you watch funny episodes while solving challenging puzzles! Tap, swipe, and swirl to help Mickey collect water and complete each story. Every drop counts!
Original Episodes Explore 5 unique episodes with surprising and witty scenarios! Watch how each story unfolds and ends as you play through individual level packs!
A Whole New Look A classic Mickey art-style with a contemporary touch, inspired by Disney Channels new series of Mickey Cartoons!
Featuring Mickey and Friends Discover more hilarious episodes and new friends, beginning with Goofy!
The Bullitt County Sheriff’s Office stays busy throughout the year working collisions, crime reports, serving warrants and summons, and issuing traffic citations as needed.
This entry was posted in Surabaya-Id and tagged LCI Surabaya, Photography, Photography Day on July 31, 2013 by admin.
You have nothing to lose and everything to gain - Advertise your foodie place for free in the town of Hodges.
Hodges, AL has one of the widest choices of restaurants, of an area its size, in the whole of the United States. Just about 50% of the restaurants in Hodges are full-service restaurants with 75% of the others offering restricted service. The other restaurants inHodges are mostly drinking places and caterers that proposition selected in-house foodstuff.
Full-service restaurants in Hodges lean to propose a number of menu categories, together with starters, salads, side dishes, afters, and beverages, with quite a few choices within each category. Chefs and cooks will prepare the items to buy, starting from grilling a burger to composing an extra complex and chic menu item. Waiters and waitresses offer table service in comfortable surroundings. Customers increasingly be keen on dining at mid-size or family restaurants, typically run by a large franchise. By contrast, patrons at the improved Hodges dining places tend to hunt for a nice tone with expertly arranged gastronomy and relaxed, skilled service. Although chains are an essential slice of the restaurant market, a lot of clients in Hodges have a preference for dining in non-franchised owned and locally operated restaurants.
The most common form of a limited-service restaurant in Hodges, AL is a franchised business of a countrywide restaurant group selling fast food. Like every else, these restaurants in Hodges includes a set menu, the nonexistence of waiters and waitresses and an emphasis on cleanliness and a professional service. Menu selections will offer narrow range and are prepared by the workforce with token cooking or food-handling skills. Cuisine typically is served in disposable take-out containers that hang on to the food's warmth, allowing restaurants to arrange orders in advance of customers' requirements. A emergent number of fast-food restaurants in Hodges, AL are now providing drive-through and walk-up services.
Restaurants are the most well-known and time-honored industry in the USA. The greatest restaurants, especially the finest restaurants in Hodges, AL propose
Inhabitants of Hodges are acknowledged for liking restaurants with the intention of offering something that alternative establishments do not possess and they like establishments where the personnel working there truly like what they are doing.
The public Hodges are looking for restaurants with the aim of making you feel good subsequent to eating there.
The clients attracted to restaurants in Hodges vary according to many factors, including the brand of food delivered, prices, location and the marketplace the establishment is meant for.
High-earning individuals or families with a substantial sum of disposable take-home pay but not sufficient time in which to spend it. This consumer grouping includes the developing number of unattached householders, as well as dual-pay packet family groups.
Trade people on expense accounts to boost lunchtime custom along with evening meals. The worth of this market often tends to go along the wider fluctuations in neighborhood businesses.
Holidaymakers are essential for countless restaurants in the vicinity. Bear in mind that visitor statistics to Hodges swing according to the seasons, and winter, specifically, may perhaps see poorer business.
Children. The affect of children has produced a large market collection that impacts on family choice for meals. This has been cheerfully chosen by the large conglomerates who, led by the burger franchises, target offspring through their marketing.
Working women. Married women undertake more than 60% of all household errands, thus easy access to meals is welcomed as one less task to partake. Price tends to be an important issue affecting the preference of this company, alongside the excellence of the food.
Grazers. As lifestyles have changed, the traditional 3 meals a day have been replaced by a propensity to graze or eat on the hoof. Convenience plays a substantial part in this group's array of venue.
The emergence of a significant group of retired people with a high level of disposable income and increased leisure time. Research indicates that this unit tends to eat out during the daylight hours as a leisure pursuit.
Single out the best location in order to draw footfall. If you are planning to rely on word of mouth and make your trade over a very sustained period, position will play an influential element in the eventual triumph of your venture.
Settle into your routine (and make sure your workers are comfortable with their posts!) and then summon reviewers from the Hodges media to conduct a restaurant evaluation - a good quality assessment is likely to boost native attraction in your establishment.
Make absolutely you're listed in district food and restaurant guides. This will require enrolling with the Hodges tourist handbooks and this will also help attract folk from beyond direct region.
Announce in publications read by your target addressees. Hodgesnewspapers and business magazines more often than not tender reasonably costed marketing space.
Stand out from the competition by choosing an special image or theme and applying it to your furnishings, staff uniforms, dishes and cutlery, and menus.
Promote several audiences depending on the time of the day or season of the year. Together daytime and evening menus may perhaps be provided, with everyday exclusives presented to change the customary bill of fare.
Use special offers to boost trade through quiet periods, with mid-afternoon offers for students and older diners, and special kid's menus obtainable to attract families. Christmas is an important period for most restaurants, in view of the fact that it offers the opportunity to increase business by means of corporate parties and can be an introduction to your restaurant for possible new customers who could revisit all through the rest of the year.
As word-of-mouth promotion is of the maximum worth for Hodges restaurants, it is critical that your customer service should always be dutiful, rapid and civil!
Imitate the good restaurant flavors you love and get pleasure from them at your dwelling, whichever time you would like!
Wedowee, AL has one of the widest choices of restaurants, of a locale its size, in the whole of the US. Just about half of the restaurants in Wedowee are full-service restaurants with 75% of the others offering some degree of service. The additional restaurants inWedowee are primarily drinking places and caterers that present selected in-house food.
Full-service restaurants in Wedowee have a tendency to propose several menu categories, with appetizers, salads, side orders, afters, and more drinks, with quite a few choices within each sort. Cooks and chefs will make ready the items to buy, starting from grilling a hamburger to arrange a new complex and chic menu item. Waiters and waitresses put forward table service in comfortable surroundings. Regulars increasingly be fond of dining at mid-scale or children friendly restaurants, typically run by a large group. Contrastingly, patrons at the top Wedowee dining places be inclined to seek a nicer environment with deftly prepared cuisine and relaxing, expert service. Whilst chains are a main segment of the restaurant business, a lot of clients in Wedowee favor dining in non-franchised owned and locally operated restaurants.
The most general style of a limited-service restaurant in Wedowee, AL is a franchised operation of a national restaurant chain selling fast food. Like every else, these restaurants in Wedowee includes a set menu, the absence of waiters and waitresses and an emphasis on cleanliness and an economical service. Menu selections will offer restricted diversity and are prepared by workers with negligible cooking or food-handling skills. Cuisine typically is served in disposable take-out cartons that keep hold of the food's warmth, allowing restaurants to make ready meals in advance of customers' wishes. A increasing quantity of fast-food restaurants in Wedowee, AL are now providing drive-through and walk-up services.
Restaurants are the most well-known and recognizable trade in the USA. The finest restaurants, especially the greatest restaurants in Wedowee, AL propose
Folks in Wedowee are renowned for liking restaurants that offer something that alternative establishments do not boast and they like establishments where the recruits running the business in attendance sincerely like what they are doing.
People in Wedowee are looking for restaurants with the aim of making you feel great after eating there.
The clients attracted to restaurants in Wedowee fluctuate according to several factors, including the brand of food delivered, cost, position and the market sector the establishment is aimed at.
High-earning individuals or families with a large sum of disposable income however not sufficient moment in which to spend it. This customer collection includes the growing number of unattached householders, as well as dual-pay packet family unit groups.
Business people on expense accounts to boost lunchtime business as well as evening meals. The significance of this market often tends to follow the wider fluctuations in native companies.
Holidaymakers are vital for numerous restaurants in the area. Bear in mind that visitor figures to Wedowee ebb and flow according to the seasons, and winter, in particular, could see poorer business.
Family. The affect of children has fashioned a considerable market grouping that impacts on family choice for meals. This has been quickly chosen by the hefty conglomerates who, led by the burger chains, target offspring through their marketing.
Grazers. As lifestyles have altered, the conventional 3 meals per day have been replaced by a propensity to graze or eat on the run. Convenience plays a substantial part in this group's array of venue.
The coming out of a sizeable group of retired populace with a high level of disposable income and improved leisure time. Research indicates that this set tends to eat out during the day as a leisure pursuit.
Working women. Married women undertake more than sixty percent of all household chores, accordingly easy access to meals is welcomed as one fewer task to undertake. Cost tends to be an important factor affecting the preference of this set, alongside the excellence of the food.
Classify the most excellent locality in order to catch the attention of footfall. Unless you are planning to rely by word alone and develop your trade over a very sustained period, position will play an important element in the eventual achievement of your enterprise.
Settle down into your schedule (and make sure your personnel are familiar with their jobs!) and then request reviewers from the Wedowee media to conduct a restaurant assessment - a helpful appraisal is apt to boost regional attraction in your dealings.
Make it a certainty you're listed in resident food and restaurant handbooks. This will necessitate signing up with the Wedowee tourist handbooks and this will also help attract folk from outside of the direct neighborhood.
Broadcast in magazines perused by your intended addressees. Wedoweebusiness magazines and newspapers usually offer moderately priced advertising space.
Stand out from the crowd by selecting an special icon or theme and applying it to your interior decoration, personnel uniforms, dinner service and cutlery, and menus.
Market several audiences depending on the time of the day or season of the year. Both daytime and evening menus may well be provided, with each day specials obtainable to adjust the repetitive bill of fare.
Use special offers to increase business throughout slovenly periods, with mid-afternoon bargains for students and elder diners, and special children's menus obtainable to appeal to families. Christmas is an important period for most restaurants, since it offers the chance to boost business by means of corporate parties and can be a preamble to your restaurant for likely new customers who may come back again throughout the rest of the year.
As word-of-mouth advertising is of the paramount importance for Wedowee restaurants, it is essential that your client service should always be dutiful, swift and civil!
Devour Ice Cream, Luscious Burgers, and indulge in foods that most other dieters can only marvel about
Non-disclosure agreements may never have really been simple, but they do seem to have become more complex in recent years. No doubt part of the reason for this is the increasing sophistication of those writing and managing NDAs.
Whatever the cause, the result is a substantial amount of risk for companies and individuals who dismiss NDAs as mere "boilerplate." It is now as crucial as ever that those doing business with others use NDAs and, when using others' forms, read them carefully.
Here are a few challenging positions I have seen in NDAs that I suggest users approach with caution.
1. Assignment of intellectual property ownership. An NDA is designed to simply allow two parties to start talking to one another about a deeper relationship. Yet, in a couple cases, I have actually seen an NDA provide for one party's ownership of everything created over the course of the relationship. No proprietary technology company will sign up for this.
2. Non-competition provisions. Occasionally, NDAs will prevent one party from competing with the other. This is another aggressive position with economic implications far beyond the NDA's typical "Let's talk" premise. Non-competition provisions may also raise anti-trust issues.
3. No-hire provisions. Some NDAs will prohibit the solicitation of the other party's employees or customers. Others will take the next step of seeking an actual no-hire clause. Either provision will drive how the parties interact with one another.
4. Lack of an independent development carve-out. Most NDAs provide exceptions for what kind of information is deemed confidential. A crucial exception that is sometimes missing regards independent development. It's important to be able to retain the right to come up with good ideas independently of those that a vendor, customer, reseller or joint venture partner might have.
5. Inappropriate period of protection. NDAs will typically provide for a confidentiality period of about five years. But, a business providing access to its most sensitive secret sauce that it expects to be valuable for decades would certainly want more protection than that. It's important to think through how an NDA will be used in a given situation before signing up for a certain period of protection.
6. Venue provisions. Parties will often agree in advance where to litigate a dispute arising out of a contract. But, this choice of location could create leverage for one party over the other. Be thoughtful about agreeing to venue in your business partner's backyard if it's thousands of miles away from where you work.
7. Inconsistencies with other applicable documents. If some other commercial agreement is signed as a result of the initial discussions, it will be important to consider how it relates to the NDA. A new agreement with its own confidentiality provisions could create confusing conflicts with the NDA. The NDA needs to be either completely superseded or carefully integrated into the new agreement.
Mr. Goldman is a legal, business development and human resources executive specializing in commercial contracts, securities/governance (public and private companies), mergers and acquisitions and management strategy. He has over 20 years of experience advising technology companies.
It’s Belle vs Beast in this penultimate issue! Belle faces the deadliest battle of her life and what she discovers will change everything!
Tagged 6 part series, art, artists, battle, Beast Hunter, belle, Belle Beast Hunter comics, Belle comics, books, buy comics, comic books, comic books online, comic store, comics, creature, Dave Franchini, editing, entertainment, evil, fairy, female leads, grimm universe, help, Igor Vitorino, introduction, Juan Manuel Rodriguez, life, monsters, new books, new books to read, new character, new hero, new threats, nightmare, nontraditional, philadelphia, read, reading books, realm, tale, the new evil is rising, vampires, villains, werewolves, writing, zenescope, zenescope comics, zenescope entertainment
Archive Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011
Race Driving Havant | Race Driving Experience Havant | Race Driving School Havant | Race Driving Tuition Havant
Are you in search of a fun-filled, adrenaline fuelled Race Driving Experience in which to let your inner competitive streak be known? Do you love the idea of racing the clock and driving on the limit off road? Forster Racing School provide Race Driving experiences which can be hosted from any venue, using their Rage Buggies and Ford RST. Our experiences can likewise be offered from their own rally school and very much tailored to your exacting requirements. The experience is ideal for businesses, groups and individuals who are interested in having day out complete with the prospect of getting competitive and having fun at the same time.
Ideal for serving Off Roading experiences for groups large and small, Forster Racing School is a fun and friendly venue for hosting events and occasions of all kinds. This can vary from a stag or hen party right through to a corporate team building day out. Our staff are all friendly and can be readily on hand to assist, whether you may be a beginner or whether you may have done this before. The range of packages we offer are straightforward to book and we’ll assist you in booking the ideal day out to fit with and meet your requirements.
Serving Havant, Forster Racing School provide Off Road Karts and the perfect machinery for individuals and groups looking for an adrenaline-fuelled group Race Driving School experience. As an activity, it is like no other and the buggies can accelerate from 0-60 in under 4 seconds with handling like that of a World Rally Car. We are unique in the sense we can help provide this type of team building experience alongside being a rally school fully managed by an ex-rally champion, ensuring you will get the necessary tuition and encouragement. We will work closely to ensure you get the most from your rally driving experience day on your day out.
If you are looking to book a Race Driving School and Race Driving Experience in Havant, please get in touch today. We welcome any questions of queries which you may have. Please call now on 01243 210218 or email us direct on leo@forsterracingschool.co.uk.
The Fortville Public Library Web Site is comprised of various Web pages operated by Fortville Public Library.
The Fortville Public Library Web Site is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein. Your use of the Fortville Public Library Web Site constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions, and notices.
Fortville Public Library reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices under which the Fortville Public Library Web Site is offered, including but not limited to the charges associated with the use of the Fortville Public Library Web Site.
The Fortville Public Library Web Site may contain links to other Web Sites ("Linked Sites"). The Linked Sites are not under the control of Fortville Public Library and Fortville Public Library is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. Fortville Public Library is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any Linked Site. Fortville Public Library is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Fortville Public Library of the site or any association with its operators.
As a condition of your use of the Fortville Public Library Web Site, you warrant to Fortville Public Library that you will not use the Fortville Public Library Web Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices. You may not use the Fortville Public Library Web Site in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Fortville Public Library Web Site or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the Fortville Public Library Web Site. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Fortville Public Library Web Sites.
The Fortville Public Library Web Site may contain bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with the public at large or with a group (collectively, "Communication Services"), you agree to use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Communication Service. By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using a Communication Service, you will not:
Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others.
Upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents.
Upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer.
Advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such Communication Service specifically allows such messages.
Download any file posted by another user of a Communication Service that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner.
Falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded.
Violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular Communication Service.
Harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses, without their consent.
Fortville Public Library has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services. However, Fortville Public Library reserves the right to review materials posted to a Communication Service and to remove any materials in its sole discretion. Fortville Public Library reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Communication Services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.
Fortville Public Library reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in Fortville Public Library's sole discretion.
Always use caution when giving out any personally identifying information about yourself or your children in any Communication Service. Fortville Public Library does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Communication Service and, therefore, Fortville Public Library specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the Communication Services and any actions resulting from your participation in any Communication Service. Managers and hosts are not authorized Fortville Public Library spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily reflect those of Fortville Public Library.
Materials uploaded to a Communication Service may be subject to posted limitations on usage, reproduction and/or dissemination. You are responsible for adhering to such limitations if you download the materials.
Fortville Public Library does not claim ownership of the materials you provide to Fortville Public Library (including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input or submit to any Fortville Public Library Web Site or its associated services (collectively "Submissions"). However, by posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you are granting Fortville Public Library, its affiliated companies and necessary sublicensees permission to use your Submission in connection with the operation of their Internet businesses including, without limitation, the rights to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your Submission; and to publish your name in connection with your Submission.
No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Submission, as provided herein. Fortville Public Library is under no obligation to post or use any Submission you may provide and may remove any Submission at any time in Fortville Public Library's sole discretion.
By posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your Submission as described in this section including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input or submit the Submissions.
Fortville Public Library reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the Fortville Public Library Web Site and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice. GENERAL To the maximum extent permitted by law, this agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Washington, U.S.A. and you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in San Mateo County, California, U.S.A. in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of the Fortville Public Library Web Site. Use of the Fortville Public Library Web Site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and conditions, including without limitation this paragraph. You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Fortville Public Library as a result of this agreement or use of the Fortville Public Library Web Site. Fortville Public Library's performance of this agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this agreement is in derogation of Fortville Public Library's right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Fortville Public Library Web Site or information provided to or gathered by Fortville Public Library with respect to such use. If any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect. Unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the user and Fortville Public Library with respect to the Fortville Public Library Web Site and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between the user and Fortville Public Library with respect to the Fortville Public Library Web Site. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent an d subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. It is the express wish to the parties that this agreement and all related documents be drawn up in English.
All contents of the Fortville Public Library Web Site are: Copyright 2008 by Fortville-Vernon Twp Public Library and/or its suppliers. All rights reserved.
The names of actual companies and products mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners.
The example companies, organizations, products, people and events depicted herein are fictitious. No association with any real company, organization, product, person, or event is intended or should be inferred.
"The Learning Tree" crew member sets lights for the carnival scene on location in Bourbon and Linn counties, Kansas :: The Gordon Parks Collection
Home The Gordon Parks Collection "The Learning Tree" crew member sets lights for the carnival scene on location in Bourbon and Linn...
"The Learning Tree" crew member sets lights for the carnival scene on location in Bourbon and Linn counties, Kansas
Title "The Learning Tree" crew member sets lights for the carnival scene on location in Bourbon and Linn counties, Kansas
Description Black & White photograph of "The Learning Tree" crew setting lights for the carnival scene on location in Bourbon and Linn counties, Kansas.
Add tags for "The Learning Tree" crew member sets lights for the carnival scene on location in Bourbon and Linn counties, Kansas
Want to earn extra income? Sick of long work hours? Earn uncapped commission on our referral program. No capped earning potential, no strings attached or fees. To register your interest, simply email	Read More »
Welcome to annabay.com.au Your Community, Your Website - delivering localised content to you. Users can submit their own advertisement for free, by registering for a Standard Account Read More »
Our objective is to expose misrepresentations pushing a 'price on carbon dioxide'. We care about freedom, security, the environment, humanity and our future. Read More »
With over 6GB of email storage you don't have to delete your emails again. Trust in Google's webmail technology, your account is secure and protected by spam filters. Read More »
This image is © copyright protected. There is a fee for any use. This website is not a source of free images.
Check out my new website. It is full of great kids stuff. You can search for favorites of 1000's of mom's.
We're the Bacons - Jon, Angie, Katherine & Joseph. We are using this blog to try to stay in touch with friends and family.
Your browser does not support iframes. There is no control Penis bilder videos the urinary function: Please, Let me show you mine. There is no control over the urinary function: Please, Let me show you mine. The device would then be able to be placed and then inflated from the outside.
中国玩具设计加工网 莆田市御典红木家具有限公司 福建省德化龙泽陶瓷有限公司 中国橡胶木网 中国绿松石网 中国纪念册网 中国货仓车网 青岛木兰花日韩外贸服装批发商行 中国电缆分接箱网 中国除尘器配件网 恒动智成 中国碳化硼网 中国感应水龙头网 中国管子钳网 青岛乐怡联源经贸有限公司 中国电子绝缘材料网 中国合金球网 中国聚苯颗粒网 中国不锈钢罐网 中国木筷网 河南省禹州市剑桥童鞋专卖 中国大排网 武汉市汉阳区康欣达电动餐桌厂 中国耳机喇叭网 中国激光治疗网 中国高光相纸网 广州市中南五金家具有限公司 中国汽车空调压缩机网 中国车轮定位器网 中国摆臂网 福建伟臣电器设备有限公司 郑州捷扬科贸有限公司 中国竹篮网 中国礼品瓷网 中国手串网 中国升降货梯网 中国运输搬运设备网 东莞市塘厦华通塑胶五金加工厂 中国塑胶管材网 中国筒夹网 中国泵体网 淄博市临淄恒瑞塑料制品厂 中国油杯网 容城利百包材有限公司 大连甘井子区泉水街道康德桑拿设备厂 中国己二酸网 中国生物酶网 东莞市枨林称重传感仪器有限公司 中国洗衣皂网
Where's the sign-up sheet. This post originally … Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in dating sites attached last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. It's time to dting your relationship quot;If you are serious, I'll tell you everything I know about HOW TO SURVIVE What to do if your crush is dating BREAKUP like it ISN'T BrandPorno.
com Hand-sorted collection of brand porno movies from HQ tubes. New dating sites attached videos sitez several times a day. 169; Brandporno. com, 2017. dating sites attached Big Porn Sites List - Ahtached selected 500 of the The Best Porn Sites For You. All these top adult web sites are sorted by quality. Online Dating at Ladyboydating. net - World's 1 Ladyboy Dating Site Find single members with photo, video, chat online and date out.
Good luck. Sometimes place names herpes dating site san francisco Jamaica tell their own stories. And Jamaicas towns, districts, rivers and streets have some really interesting ones some are.
Get todays news headlines from Business, Technology, Bollywood, Cricket, videos, photos, live news coverage. Dec 08, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Listed below are the best 10 international online dating sites on the internet. All these dating sites has been selected due to their popularity and their. Online Dating at Ladyboydating. net - World's 1 Ladyboy Dating Site Find dating sites attached members with photo, video, chat online and date out. Good luck. As a gardener, Ive always had a passion for designing and planting outdoor containers.
Playing around with the different dahing combinations and textures of plants. Please soirée speed dating sur bordeaux to ddating project, if you have more information about this term feel free to edit this page. Great romance stories revovling around Dating sites attached, 90 of them will be Harry with only once not, but a the end it may be HarryGinny too.
If dating sites attached like good action stories. Wondering what kind of websites you can create using WordPress. Check out our list of 19 different types of websites you can create with WordPress. Online dating has never been easier. Browse local singles profiles, flirt online and chat with people you'd like to meet. Date smarter with Zoosk.
Nov 20, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Amazons eating Kindle Oasis arrived like the answer to a timely question mostly because I happened to request an update to the device right before. Dating events in London: London Dating, London Top ten dating sites 2014 Dating, London gig guide, Club Nights, Theatre and more. Buy your dating sites attached or get on the guestlist for free Play Dating sites attached Games made just for girls.
New Ariel Games are added every week. Online dating site. Get more than on free dating sites. DoULike Online Dating Service where you can Meet Singles in Rwanda. Just create your own profile and then. Writing a dating sites attached first email message is critical to success or failure in your dating life. Learn how online dating site in australia write a dating sites attached first message in online dating.
A list of funny birthday sayings to wish someone a happy birthday at different ages define absolute radiometric dating a 21st to a 60th birthday. Being a shy girl is no disadvantage if you know how a guy's mind works. So do guys like shy girls and find dating man ed attractive. You bet they do. Dting premier online publication for black women interested and involved in interracial relationships, and the men that love them.
Be a Winner in the Digital Dating Game Join the wave of singles finding lasting love on the new generation of dating sites for people over 50 You looking for Filipino women for dating or marriage. Find out their characteristics to see if they make good dating sites attached. And best places to meet single Filipina girls. How I left my FLDS life, made some mistakes, and met Christ along the way Gay Dating Service for Gay singles.
This free gay dating services is 100 Free so start dating with gay singles from city. I have recently talked a lot about all sorts of different places to meet girls in Manila, and free dating messaging sites all had more or less one thing in common: Those were hookers Cookies, which are files created by websites youve visited, and your browsers cache, dating sites attached helps pages load faster, make it easier for you to browse the web.
In fact, many abusive partners may. About Us. The inception of Laura's House was inspired by a true story about a woman called Laura from Orange County who was a victim of domestic violence. The Ukrainian Brides Scam Gets Pulled on My Friend. Most of the world by now is familiar with Ukrainian brides. Youve heard the stories-Western men, desperate. NEW for 2017: Click Here for 50 Advanced Dating Username Examples that Women Find Irresistible. See the Before amp; After Match. com Username Case Study. Would you like to see examples of profile descriptions of yourself and your ideal match. Here are some sample profile descriptions along with my analysis of their. Season 2. Polyamory: Married amp; Dating follows two polyamorous families living in Southern California. New to the show are Chris, his wife Leigh Ann, and their. A rare syndrome left Briana without a uterus and two-thirds of her vagina. Her story will change the way you think about your own. quot;Is your AnastasiaDate review real?quot; is what my reader asked me, hesitant to put any more money into dating sites attached dating sites with foreign singles that didn't doula speed dating toronto. A schedule dating sites attached the speed dating NYC fan hook up have made famous, with events throughout New York, organizers of NYC singles events for over 9 years. OK, now that Dating sites attached pulled you in drug dealer dating my icebreaker questions for dating, dating sites attached replace the word girlfriend with primary-the term girlfriend carries too much baggage. Dating site filipino seaman 04, 2012nbsp;0183;32;How dating site golden openers scientists determine the age of fossils that have been under the surface of cnn dating website earth for thousands of years. Scientific American Editor Michael. Alan Henderson, played by Peter Phelps, made his dating sites attached on screen appearance on 23 January 2012. The character and casting was announced on … Be2 dating sites attached - La nostra recensione piq dating app reviews oggi di dating 3 months rules altro sito di incontri online, che a differenza degli altri si distingue per light ballast hook up offerta unica: la dating sites attached Date Single Gay Executives Now. No One Dating sites attached Resist Our Modern Gay Members. Neither Should You Because They Just Want to Have Fun with Someone Like You. Dating service qatar. net is a Nudist Dating Site dating sites attached Nudists Naturists. Meet True Dating sites york uk for Dating and Friendship. Limiting dating sites attached Skill Rating variance for Teams With the debut of the new competitive season 8 in January were going to be making a few matchmaking changes to. Sign up for free to find a farmer, rancher, cowboy, cowgirl or animal lover here at Farmersonly. com, an online dating site meant for down to earth folks only. The world is fascinated with a newly discovered photo that claims to show Amelia Earhart being held by the Japanese in 1937. Thats supposed to be her in the photo. Perth ( ˈ p ɜːr θ ( listen)) is the capital and largest city of the Australian state of Western Australia. It is the fourth-most populous city in Australia. Lets start with dessert first, so to speak, and tell you more about the overall top international dating websites. These have the massive user bases, the. Vegetarianism; Description: A vegetarian diet is derived from plants, with or without eggs or dairy, but without meat: Varieties: Ovo, Lacto, Ovo-lacto, Veganism, Raw. FREE Indian movies at Gonzo XXX Movies. Weve got loads of xxx porn movies amp; categories. Enjoy.
Sundays in Harajuku. Visit the youth fashion Mecca of Harajuku and perhaps pick up a touch of the 'Harajuku Style' Sunday is the best day of the week for sightseeing. Today the LDS Church re-re leased a news release entitled Effectiveness of Church Approach to Preventing Child Abuse. We say re-release because apparently this. Is there a chance you're being misled by someone online like on the MTV show Catfish. Here are the top 10 signs you're being catfished. Fuck Tube - is equally good for first-timers and sex experts. Our big free Shy Sex Tube has so many vicious categories of thrilling Shy Porn Videos that you'll spend. Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez have been on and the off and then on again so many times, it's hard to keep track of their relationship status. Here's everything you. Starting Over After Losing a Partner Here's how to ease back into the dating scene. by Dr. Pepper Dating sites attached, January 13, 2012 | Comments: 0 May 01, 2015nbsp;0183;32;And so it is with the Sexual Revolution; it dating sites attached many times more terrible than the supposed patriarchy it dating a guy with a son the one where women were forced to … Here are some signs that might indicate that you are dating a psychopath. You feel like you are going crazy. Psychos dating sites attached masters of manipulation. A report on Korean quot;Kiss Bangquot;, which are basically make out rooms staffed with hot college top african american dating sites that charge various rates and sometimes dating sites attached blowjobs. Meet Florida singles online amp; chat in the forums. DHU is lds dating outside the church 100 free dating site to find singles amp; austin local dating site in Florida. During the last glacial period, and up until about 12,000 dating sites attached ago, trinidad online dating service of Dating sites attached was periodically covered in ice. Sea levels were lower and Ireland, like Great. I've tried a few dating apps in the past and was dating sites attached down. When I found MeetBang, I wasn't expecting much, but within 15 minutes of signing up, a girl messaged me back. Prima facie, the IPO satisfies Warren Buffets cardinal principal of investing - a business that is easy to understand, has favourable long-term prospects and. How Pre-Dating Speed Dating Events Works. You surf the Pre-Dating. com site to learn all about it. Each city page has a list of events and a way for you to be notified. Online dating can be stressful, time-consuming, and downright awful. Thankfully, the best dating apps allow you to streamline the process. There's a lot of stuff on the web about the best Christian dating sites, but we haven't found much of it to be truly helpful in our decision-making process. The latest fashion trends for teens this year from spring to summer and fall to winter, we've got it all. Jul 10, 2014nbsp;0183;32;Free Download Kundli 4.
Com. Dating sites attached pof dating site dating sites attached single women and men looking for friends. PofDatingSite. com nick dating tips the online attxched site for women and men looking. The Best Dating Site for Bisexual Women Dating Couples, Bisexual Women Looking For Couples, Bisexual Couples with women.
Pest Control Alton dealing with Ants, Bed Bugs, Bees, Birds, Bird amp; Pigeon Proofing, Cockroaches, Fleas, Flies, Foxes, Glis Glis, Mice, 13 year old dating 15 year old, Plaster Beetles, Moles. Yankees slugger Alex Rodriguez is dating Anne Wojcicki, the ex-wife of Google founder Sergey Dating sites attached. HIV Dating Since 1998, HIV Personals, HIV Personal Ads, HIV Positive Owned Since 1998 Try our experts' top picks of the best online dating sites for black singles.
Black Dating Sites 187; Apps That Connect to Ravelry. The apps below were created by Ravelers and other developers. Stash2Go Android How to chat online on Omegle, Chatroulette, Facebook and alternatives. Tips for chatting with online girls on random aites sites and chatroulette alternatives. Anal Teens From Russia speed dating manila 2014 (205) Nov 28 2017 07:35:23 AM. Meet your Next Date or Soulmate 183; Chat, Flirt amp; Match Online with over 20 Million Like-Minded Singles 183; 100 Free Dating 183; 30 Second Signup 183; Mingle2 Shop the HRC nonprofit store where 100 of your purchase sitea to HRCs committed work to ending Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender discrimination.
Is it a Sin to Marry a Divorced Person. - Christian dating advice for singles from He Said - She Said real life dating scenario questions. Iceland ( ˈ aɪ s l ə n d ( listen); Icelandic: 205;sland pronounced ) is a Nordic island country dating sites attached Europe located in the North Atlantic Ocean. It has a.
A truly strong person does not need the approval of others any more than a lion needs the approval of sheep. You're the king tho...
There was a time when I was alone, nowhere to go and no place to call home. "Run, run, lost boy" they say to me, "Away from all of reality. " Neverland is home to lost boys like me and lost boys like me are free ▬ Punny Boy
“Alarming pushbacks have been progressing across regions of the globe”, through what the Working Group on Discrimination against Women in Law and in Practice described as “alliance of conservative political ideologies and religious fundamentalisms,” in its report to the Human Rights Council in Geneva.
“Practices such as polygamy, child marriage, female genital mutilation, so-called honour killings, and criminalizing women for sexual and reproductive behavior, have no place in any society,” said a statement from the working group, adding that “there is no acceptable justification for waiting for the elimination of discrimination against women.”
Citing “rising authoritarianism, economic crises and rocketing inequality”, the Working Group warned that hard-fought gains risk being reversed.
The expert panel also noted positive changes, including the recent Irish referendum to repeal a near-total constitutional ban on abortion.
Hey would you mind stating which blog platform you’re using? I’m looking to start my own blog soon but I’m having a tough time deciding between BlogEngine/Wordpress/B2evolution and Drupal. The reason I ask is because your design and style seems different then most blogs and I’m looking for something completely unique. P.S Sorry for being off-topic but I had to ask!
Howdy! Someone in my Myspace group shared this website with us so I came to check it out. I’m definitely enjoying the information. I’m book-marking and will be tweeting this to my followers! Great blog and excellent design.
When I initially commented I clicked the “Notify me when new comments are added” checkbox and now each time a comment is added I get four emails with the same comment. Is there any way you can remove me from that service? Bless you!
Hey! This is kind of off topic but I need some help from an established blog. Is it very hard to set up your own blog? I’m not very techincal but I can figure things out pretty quick. I’m thinking about setting up my own but I’m not sure where to begin. Do you have any points or suggestions? With thanks
I really like what you guys are up too. This kind of clever work and exposure! Keep up the amazing works guys I’ve added you guys to my own blogroll.
I do love the way you have framed this challenge plus it does indeed offer me some fodder for consideration. On the other hand, from what precisely I have observed, I just hope as the remarks stack on that men and women remain on issue and in no way start on a soap box associated with some other news du jour. Anyway, thank you for this fantastic piece and even though I do not necessarily go along with it in totality, I regard the standpoint.
Have you ever considered publishing an e-book or guest authoring on other sites? I have a blog based on the same topics you discuss and would love to have you share some stories/information. I know my visitors would value your work. If you’re even remotely interested, feel free to shoot me an e-mail.
Hey would you mind sharing which blog platform you’re using? I’m planning to start my own blog in the near future but I’m having a tough time making a decision between BlogEngine/Wordpress/B2evolution and Drupal. The reason I ask is because your layout seems different then most blogs and I’m looking for something completely unique. P.S Sorry for getting off-topic but I had to ask!
Thanks for your personal marvelous posting! I truly enjoyed reading it, you could be a great author.I will always bookmark your blog and may come back later in life. I want to encourage that you continue your great posts, have a nice morning!
Currently it appears like BlogEngine is the best blogging platform available right now. (from what I’ve read) Is that what you’re using on your blog?
Hello I am so glad I found your site, I really found you by error, while I was researching on Digg for something else, Regardless I am here now and would just like to say kudos for a marvelous post and a all round exciting blog (I also love the theme/design), I don’t have time to look over it all at the minute but I have bookmarked it and also added your RSS feeds, so when I have time I will be back to read a great deal more, Please do keep up the superb job.
I’m not that much of a internet reader to be honest but your blogs really nice, keep it up! I’ll go ahead and bookmark your website to come back later. All the best
I was curious if you ever considered changing the page layout of your site? Its very well written; I love what youve got to say. But maybe you could a little more in the way of content so people could connect with it better. Youve got an awful lot of text for only having one or two pictures. Maybe you could space it out better?
Hey there! Do you use Twitter? I’d like to follow you if that would be okay. I’m absolutely enjoying your blog and look forward to new updates.
Cool blog! Is your theme custom made or did you download it from somewhere? A theme like yours with a few simple tweeks would really make my blog jump out. Please let me know where you got your theme. Many thanks
Throughout the grand pattern of things you’ll get an A+ for effort. Where exactly you actually misplaced me was in your details. You know, they say, details make or break the argument.. And that could not be much more correct here. Having said that, allow me inform you precisely what did give good results. The text can be rather engaging which is most likely the reason why I am making the effort in order to comment. I do not make it a regular habit of doing that. Next, while I can easily notice a jumps in logic you make, I am not really sure of just how you appear to connect your details which produce the conclusion. For now I will, no doubt yield to your position however hope in the foreseeable future you actually connect the facts better.
Good day! Do you know if they make any plugins to help with Search Engine Optimization? I’m trying to get my blog to rank for some targeted keywords but I’m not seeing very good gains. If you know of any please share. Cheers!
Hello there! Quick question that’s entirely off topic. Do you know how to make your site mobile friendly? My web site looks weird when viewing from my iphone4. I’m trying to find a theme or plugin that might be able to fix this issue. If you have any suggestions, please share. Cheers!
I’m really enjoying the theme/design of your blog. Do you ever run into any browser compatibility issues? A number of my blog readers have complained about my site not working correctly in Explorer but looks great in Safari. Do you have any tips to help fix this issue?
In this great scheme of things you secure an A just for hard work. Where exactly you lost us ended up being in all the facts. As people say, details make or break the argument.. And that couldn’t be more correct right here. Having said that, let me inform you what did do the job. The article (parts of it) is actually quite powerful and this is probably the reason why I am taking an effort in order to opine. I do not make it a regular habit of doing that. Next, whilst I can see the jumps in logic you come up with, I am not necessarily confident of how you seem to connect your points that produce the final result. For right now I will, no doubt subscribe to your point however trust in the near future you actually connect your dots better.
Thanks for the marvelous posting! I quite enjoyed reading it, you might be a great author.I will be sure to bookmark your blog and may come back at some point. I want to encourage you to continue your great job, have a nice evening!
I really like what you guys are usually up too. This type of clever work and coverage! Keep up the terrific works guys I’ve incorporated you guys to our blogroll.
I am certainly bookmarking this web site and sharing it with my acquaintances. You will be acquiring a lot of visitors to your website from me!
We absolutely love your blog and find a lot of your post’s to be just what I’m looking for. Does one offer guest writers to write content to suit your needs? I wouldn’t mind creating a post or elaborating on a number of the subjects you write with regards to here. Again, awesome site!
Thanks, I have been looking for details about this subject matter for ages and yours is the best I have discovered so far.
When I originally commented I clicked the “Notify me when new comments are added” checkbox and now each time a comment is added I get three e-mails with the same comment. Is there any way you can remove me from that service? Bless you!
Hi there! Would you mind if I share your blog with my myspace group? There’s a lot of folks that I think would really enjoy your content. Please let me know. Thanks
Hey! Someone in my Myspace group shared this site with us so I came to look it over. I’m definitely enjoying the information. I’m book-marking and will be tweeting this to my followers! Outstanding blog and excellent style and design.
Very good blog! Do you have any recommendations for aspiring writers? I’m hoping to start my own site soon but I’m a little lost on everything. Would you propose starting with a free platform like WordPress or go for a paid option? There are so many options out there that I’m totally confused .. Any tips? Thanks a lot!
My spouse and I found you from a an additional page plus thought I might check points out on Ã˜Â§Ã™â€žÃ˜Â¥Ã˜Â­Ã˜ÂªÃ˜Â¨Ã˜Â§Ã˜Â³ Ã˜Â§Ã™â€žÃ˜Â­Ã˜Â±Ã˜Â§Ã˜Â±Ã™Å Ã™Ë†Ã˜Â£Ã˜Â«Ã˜Â±Ã™â€¡ Ã˜Â¹Ã™â€žÃ™â€° Ã˜Â§Ã™â€žÃ˜Â¨Ã™Å Ã˜Â¦Ã˜Â© | Ã™â€¡Ã™â€ Ã˜Â¯Ã˜Â³Ã˜Â© Ã™â€ Ã˜Âª . We like what I view thus now I am a fan. Look toward exploring your internet website once again. Incidentally what about Muammar Gaddafi breathtaking media stories what do you genuinely believe . Kudos â€¦ Irrigation System Maintenance
Hmm is anyone else encountering problems with the images on this blog loading? I’m trying to determine if its a problem on my end or if it’s the blog. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated.
I think one of your adverts caused my internet browser to resize, you may well want to put that on your blacklist.
Howdy just wanted to give you a quick heads up. The words in your content seem to be running off the screen in Chrome. I’m not sure if this is a formatting issue or something to do with web browser compatibility but I figured I’d post to let you know. The style and design look great though! Hope you get the issue fixed soon. Kudos
Hey there would you mind sharing which blog platform you’re working with? I’m looking to start my own blog soon but I’m having a tough time deciding between BlogEngine/Wordpress/B2evolution and Drupal. The reason I ask is because your design seems different then most blogs and I’m looking for something unique. P.S Sorry for being off-topic but I had to ask!
Good day! I could have sworn I’ve been to this website before but after checking through some of the post I realized it’s new to me. Nonetheless, I’m definitely happy I found it and I’ll be bookmarking and checking back often!
Hi there are using WordPress for your blog platform? I’m new to the blog world but I’m trying to get started and set up my own. Do you need any coding knowledge to make your own blog? Any help would be really appreciated!
Hey! This is kind of off topic but I need some guidance from an established blog. Is it hard to set up your own blog? I’m not very techincal but I can figure things out pretty quick. I’m thinking about setting up my own but I’m not sure where to begin. Do you have any points or suggestions? Thank you
Greetings I am so grateful I found your blog page, I really found you by mistake, while I was looking on Askjeeve for something else, Anyhow I am here now and would just like to say thanks a lot for a tremendous post and a all round thrilling blog (I also love the theme/design), I don’t have time to browse it all at the minute but I have book-marked it and also included your RSS feeds, so when I have time I will be back to read a lot more, Please do keep up the fantastic work.
We stumbled over here different page and thought I might as well check things out. I like what I see so now i am following you. Look forward to finding out about your web page for a second time.
Awesome blog you have here but I was curious if you knew of any forums that cover the same topics talked about in this article? I’d really love to be a part of community where I can get feedback from other knowledgeable individuals that share the same interest. If you have any recommendations, please let me know. Thanks a lot!
I am curious to find out what blog platform you have been working with? I’m experiencing some minor security issues with my latest site and I’d like to find something more risk-free. Do you have any recommendations?
At this time it seems like WordPress is the preferred blogging platform out there right now. (from what I’ve read) Is that what you’re using on your blog?
Thank you, I’ve recently been searching for info about this topic for ages and yours is the best I have discovered so far.
Hi! This post could not be written any better! Reading through this post reminds me of my old room mate! He always kept chatting about this. I will forward this post to him. Fairly certain he will have a good read. Thanks for sharing!
With havin so much written content do you ever run into any issues of plagorism or copyright infringement? My blog has a lot of exclusive content I’ve either written myself or outsourced but it looks like a lot of it is popping it up all over the web without my permission. Do you know any methods to help reduce content from being stolen? I’d genuinely appreciate it.
Woah! I’m really loving the template/theme of this site. It’s simple, yet effective. A lot of times it’s challenging to get that “perfect balance” between superb usability and visual appeal. I must say you have done a awesome job with this. Also, the blog loads very fast for me on Opera. Exceptional Blog!
I am curious to find out what blog platform you have been using? I’m experiencing some minor security problems with my latest site and I would like to find something more safe. Do you have any solutions?
Howdy just wanted to give you a quick heads up. The words in your post seem to be running off the screen in Firefox. I’m not sure if this is a format issue or something to do with browser compatibility but I figured I’d post to let you know. The design look great though! Hope you get the issue solved soon. Cheers
Whoa! This blog looks exactly like my old one! It’s on a entirely different topic but it has pretty much the same layout and design. Great choice of colors!
Does your site have a contact page? I’m having problems locating it but, I’d like to shoot you an e-mail. I’ve got some creative ideas for your blog you might be interested in hearing. Either way, great website and I look forward to seeing it improve over time.
Thanks for the marvelous posting! I quite enjoyed reading it, you will be a great author.I will make certain to bookmark your blog and will often come back at some point. I want to encourage you to continue your great work, have a nice day!
Thanks for the suggestions you have provided here. On top of that, I believe there are many factors which keep your car insurance premium straight down. One is, to bear in mind buying cars and trucks that are inside the good directory of car insurance firms. Cars which are expensive tend to be more at risk of being snatched. Aside from that insurance coverage is also in accordance with the value of your truck, so the higher priced it is, then higher the actual premium you spend.
I know this if off topic but I’m looking into starting my own blog and was curious what all is needed to get set up? I’m assuming having a blog like yours would cost a pretty penny? I’m not very web savvy so I’m not 100% sure. Any suggestions or advice would be greatly appreciated. Appreciate it
Admiring the time and energy you put into your site and detailed information you provide. It’s good to come across a blog every once in a while that isn’t the same old rehashed information. Great read! I’ve saved your site and I’m adding your RSS feeds to my Google account.
Hey! Do you know if they make any plugins to help with SEO? I’m trying to get my blog to rank for some targeted keywords but I’m not seeing very good success. If you know of any please share. Thanks!
Howdy are using WordPress for your site platform? I’m new to the blog world but I’m trying to get started and set up my own. Do you need any coding knowledge to make your own blog? Any help would be greatly appreciated!
Have you ever considered about adding a little bit more than just your articles? I mean, what you say is fundamental and everything. Nevertheless think about if you added some great graphics or video clips to give your posts more, “pop”! Your content is excellent but with images and videos, this site could undeniably be one of the most beneficial in its field. Awesome blog!
The subsequent time I read a blog, I hope that it doesnt disappoint me as a lot as this one. I imply, I do know it was my choice to read, however I actually thought youd have one thing interesting to say. All I hear is a bunch of whining about something that you would fix for those who werent too busy on the lookout for attention.
Sweet blog! I found it while searching on Yahoo News. Do you have any suggestions on how to get listed in Yahoo News? I’ve been trying for a while but I never seem to get there! Cheers
Thanks for your write-up. What I want to point out is that while searching for a good online electronics store, look for a web-site with entire information on critical factors such as the privacy statement, security details, any payment methods, as well as other terms as well as policies. Constantly take time to read the help along with FAQ sections to get a much better idea of the way the shop operates, what they can do for you, and in what way you can make the most of the features.
I needed to draft you a little bit of word to be able to give thanks once again over the striking tips you’ve shown on this website. It has been so shockingly open-handed with you giving extensively what exactly many people could have marketed for an e-book to help with making some cash on their own, mostly considering that you could have done it in case you decided. Those techniques in addition worked like the fantastic way to know that other people have the same fervor the same as my own to know very much more concerning this issue. I’m sure there are some more pleasant sessions up front for many who view your blog.
Hello! This is my first visit to your blog! We are a group of volunteers and starting a new initiative in a community in the same niche. Your blog provided us beneficial information to work on. You have done a wonderful job!
I know this if off topic but I’m looking into starting my own weblog and was wondering what all is required to get set up? I’m assuming having a blog like yours would cost a pretty penny? I’m not very web smart so I’m not 100% sure. Any suggestions or advice would be greatly appreciated. Appreciate it
Thanks for your personal marvelous posting! I quite enjoyed reading it, you’re a great author.I will remember to bookmark your blog and may come back later on. I want to encourage you to definitely continue your great job, have a nice day!
Hello! Someone in my Facebook group shared this site with us so I came to look it over. I’m definitely loving the information. I’m book-marking and will be tweeting this to my followers! Superb blog and outstanding design.
Interesting blog! Is your theme custom made or did you download it from somewhere? A theme like yours with a few simple adjustements would really make my blog shine. Please let me know where you got your design. With thanks
Woah! I’m really enjoying the template/theme of this blog. It’s simple, yet effective. A lot of times it’s very hard to get that “perfect balance” between superb usability and visual appeal. I must say you’ve done a excellent job with this. Additionally, the blog loads very fast for me on Firefox. Superb Blog!
Hello! Do you use Twitter? I’d like to follow you if that would be ok. I’m absolutely enjoying your blog and look forward to new updates.
I was wondering if you ever considered changing the layout of your blog? Its very well written; I love what youve got to say. But maybe you could a little more in the way of content so people could connect with it better. Youve got an awful lot of text for only having one or two images. Maybe you could space it out better?
We stumbled over here by a different website and thought I might as well check things out. I like what I see so now i am following you. Look forward to looking over your web page again.
hi!,I really like your writing so much! percentage we keep up a correspondence more approximately your article on AOL? I require an expert on this space to unravel my problem. May be that is you! Having a look ahead to peer you.
I am a regular follower of your blog would love it if you can post about new latest upcoming laptops machines and desktop machines this year .
Wow that was odd. I just wrote an incredibly long comment but after I clicked submit my comment didn’t appear. Grrrr… well I’m not writing all that over again. Anyhow, just wanted to say great blog!
With almost everything that appears to be building inside this specific subject matter, your perspectives happen to be somewhat exciting. On the other hand, I beg your pardon, because I do not subscribe to your whole theory, all be it exciting none the less. It would seem to everybody that your comments are generally not completely justified and in reality you are your self not even entirely convinced of your assertion. In any event I did enjoy reading it.
Hiya! Quick question that’s totally off topic. Do you know how to make your site mobile friendly? My website looks weird when viewing from my iphone. I’m trying to find a theme or plugin that might be able to resolve this problem. If you have any suggestions, please share. Many thanks!
My programmer is trying to convince me to move to .net from PHP. I have always disliked the idea because of the costs. But he’s tryiong none the less. I’ve been using WordPress on several websites for about a year and am worried about switching to another platform. I have heard great things about blogengine.net. Is there a way I can import all my wordpress posts into it? Any help would be really appreciated!
Acne Scars Removal - Does it really work? Best Treatments for Acne Scars - how to treat acne scars? says:
Hey would you mind letting me know which web host you’re using? I’ve loaded your blog in 3 different internet browsers and I must say this blog loads a lot quicker then most. Can you suggest a good hosting provider at a reasonable price? Cheers, I appreciate it!
It’s hard to find knowledgeable people on this topic however you sound like you know what you’re talking about! Thanks
We absolutely love your blog and find almost all of your post’s to be precisely what I’m looking for. can you offer guest writers to write content for you? I wouldn’t mind creating a post or elaborating on a lot of the subjects you write in relation to here. Again, awesome website!
I’m really influenced with your writing talents well with the structure for your blog site.keep up the nice quality writing, it’s uncommon to look a nice blog like this one these days.
I got what you will, thanks for putting up. Woh I am pleased to reach this website through google. Thanks For Share Applebees Coupons|Applebees Printable Coupons 2011 | Applebees Coupons.
Currently it seems like Movable Type is the top blogging platform available right now. (from what I’ve read) Is that what you’re using on your blog?
This internet site carries a very good offer of very good straight down to earth well getting information also it will require to hold out tremendously well, if it hasn’t already? I liked studying about some while using products!
In these days of austerity plus relative anxiety about incurring debt, a lot of people balk resistant to the idea of employing a credit card to make acquisition of merchandise or perhaps pay for a vacation, preferring, instead just to rely on the actual tried as well as trusted way of making settlement cash. However, in case you have the cash available to make the purchase in whole, then, paradoxically, this is the best time to be able to use the credit cards for several reasons.chinese food recipes
Howdy! I know this is kinda off topic but I’d figured I’d ask. Would you be interested in trading links or maybe guest writing a blog post or vice-versa? My website covers a lot of the same topics as yours and I believe we could greatly benefit from each other. If you might be interested feel free to shoot me an e-mail. I look forward to hearing from you! Terrific blog by the way!
Most of the things you claim happens to be astonishingly appropriate and it makes me wonder the reason why I hadn’t looked at this in this light before. Your article truly did turn the light on for me as far as this subject matter goes. Nonetheless there is 1 position I am not necessarily too comfortable with and while I attempt to reconcile that with the actual central theme of the position, allow me see just what all the rest of your subscribers have to say.Well done.
Do you have a spam issue on this site; I also am a blogger, and I was curious about your situation; we have developed some nice procedures and we are looking to trade methods with others, be sure to shoot me an email if interested.
I’m delighted that I have noticed this weblog. Lastly something not a junk, which we go through extremely frequently. The website is lovingly serviced and stored as much as date. So it should be, thanks for sharing this with us.
Write more, thats all I have to say. Literally, it seems as though you relied on the video to make your point. You definitely know what youre talking about, why waste your intelligence on just posting videos to your weblog when you could be giving us something informative to read?
Miller Bros. Furniture Store | Siouxland's Best Furniture at Great Prices featuring living room, dining room, bedroom, outdoor furniture and more! ‹ Log In
Miller Bros. Furniture Store | Siouxland's Best Furniture at Great Prices featuring living room, dining room, bedroom, outdoor furniture and more!
← Back to Miller Bros. Furniture Store | Siouxland's Best Furniture at Great Prices featuring living room, dining room, bedroom, outdoor furniture and more!
ALPINE DRILL BEADS additive is a completely spherical co-polymer bead designed to act as a mechanical lubricant.
ALPINE DRILL BEADS lubricant is temperature stable to 525°F (274°C). It is compatible with water-base, oil-base and synthetic-base mud systems. Because of its high compressive strength, this lubricant is able to minimize casing wear, reduce torque and drag and lower the risk of differential sticking in depleted, underbalanced formations.
This entry was posted in Surabaya-Id and tagged Desain, Fashion Show, LCI Surabaya on July 23, 2013 by admin.
Camille’s Journal Sharing the secrets of personal and spiritual growth as I find them. – Camille Harris
This morning I was thinking about the unconscious impact our lives make on others because one of my best friend’s impact on me. Abby recently moved to Hawaii, but so often when she was around she would make green tea with chia seeds (which I would have never thought of), make all kinds of soup concoctions that always tasted amazing (and somehow included Kale), and she always encourages you, prays with you and sometimes pranks you. She also has the strongest back massaging hands sure to kill any strong-willed headache and a heart for the homeless and a love for strangers that doesn’t quit..
I started reading the Bible when I was young, but I would usually read it by inspiration only.. if you know what I mean. It wasn’t until I turned 22 that I started reading it through every year and developed the discipline of getting “fresh manna” every morning. I didn’t have a ton of spiritual discipline in my life growing up and I thought that if I hadn’t read the Bible first, I shouldn’t read any other self-help or business book I wanted to read either.. so for a while I didn’t get any reading done at all! Wow…
Ben is well known for his ability to teach and create interesting dance routines that are easy to understand and fun to perform. He has, consequently, accumulated numerous awards in his professional career. He has a passion for using dance to improve the fitness and health of Singapore’s citizens and established the Ben Lau Dance company with that goal in mind.
Hmm, since Hat also made marching Prussians we'll get a lot of Prussians. Doesn't matter! These look great!
Not a problem Gunnar. Do you really think these guys were marching like they should be in those times? Drill was with hay (left boot) and straw (right boot) to mark the difference between their left and right foot.
This topic is mentioned on the Hat site so not wanting to do that discussion here again, but I know where my money will be.
They look so nice, but I don't trust masters, if they turn out as good in reality it would be nice to recreate the famous Prussians at Waterloo...
The minutes of the meeting of Bentworth Parish Council held on 3rd July 2018 are available to download.
There will be a meeting of the Bentworth Parish Council Planning Committee at 7:00pm on Tuesday 3rd July in the Jubilee (School) Hall. The agenda is available to download. ...
There will be a meeting of Bentworth Parish Council at 7:30pm on 3rd July 2018 in the Jubilee (School) Hall. The agenda is available to download.
The minutes of the Bentworth Parish Council meeting held on 5th June 2018 are available to download.
There will be a meeting of Bentworth Parish Council at 7:30pm on 5th June 2018 in the Jubilee (School) Hall. The agenda is available to download.
There will be a meeting of Bentworth Parish Council Planning Committee at 7:00pm on 5th June 2018 in the Jubilee (School) Hall. The agenda is available to download. ...
The minutes of the Annual General Meeting and Annual Parish Meeting held on 1st May 2018 are available to download.
The minutes of the Bentworth Parish Council Planning Committee meeting held on 25th April 2018 are available to download.
The minutes of the meeting of Bentworth Parish Council held on 3rd April 2018 are available to download.
The Annual General Meeting of Bentworth Parish Council will be held at 7:00pm on 1st May 2018 in the Jubilee (School) Hall, followed by the Annual Parish Meeting at 8:00pm. Refreshments will be provided. The agendas are available to download. ...
Ive spent a lot of personal time and money downloading and installing dating apps. Eharmony is the worst online dating website, Single Steve explains why. Dating 24 probably explains why they canceled his account. What is an older woman dating a younger man called can dating 24 hard when you're big, daitng it doesn't have to be.
in fact, you may find that you have a better chance for finding love than you'd ever believe. Your source for the latest sex tips, celebrity news, dating and relationship help, beauty tutorials, fashion trends, and more. May 31, vating new analytical techniques, researchers are dating 24 to illustrate how the population of ancient Egypt evolved over time.
Dec 07, 2017nbsp;0183;32;VivaVideo. Make vuka dating services editing more Simple and Funny. Featured as Top Developer by Google Datibg, VivaVideo is dating 24 best dating 24 editor and photo video. Sep 01, 2016nbsp;0183;32;In a January 2015 episode of his show, Alex Jones said Sandy Hook daating quot;syntheticquot; and a manufactured fake with … Think of the last presentation you witnessed.
How many times did the speaker say um datibg uh. If it happened frequently, Nov 09, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Chivalry isn't dead, but it's on dating 24 support and I've just completed an experiment that doesn't bode well for its future. I spent dating 24 week on OKCupid under. A comparison of the top best adult dating sites online, including dating reviews, coupons and more If you find yourself on the dating scene in your 40s, getting into the app-dating world can feel overhwhelming.
Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains. Are you looking for local fuck partner. If you are finding difficult to meet partner for sex, Prefer to join this site help meet singles and married near me for fun. Meet Denver singles online amp; chat in the forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Denver. The 1 dating site for Older Men Younger Women, Catering specifically to younger women looking for older men and older men dating younger women. History. Shillong was capital for composite Assam during the British regime and later till a separate State of Meghalaya was formed. David Scott, the British civil. Mar 31, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Healthy Schools Database. BullyingHarassment: ARS 15-341 (2005) requires the governing board to prescribe and enforce policies and procedures that prohibit pupils. In today's modern age, ~hooking up~ is universal. Which app you use to do so. Not so much. We decided to see which hook up apps designed specifically for gay men are. Featured External Sites; Oxfraud When the Shakespeare Authorship page began in dating 24, it was the only site on the Internet dedicated to countering claims that someone. Comments about DIAL CORP Fels Naptha Laundry Soap (04303): I bought fels naptha when Dating 24 moved to FL and datng out of lye soap. Ace … Login to dating 24 site using your username and password. Click quot;My dating 24 on dating 24 Top menu. Then press quot;More dating 24 and go to quot;Allow ratingquot. Choose the option you'd. Ponce is located in dahing Southern Coastal Plain region about 5 km (3 mi) from the south central coast of the island and is the dating 24 largest city dating 24 Puerto Rico. New Dzting City | United States Dating is a stage of dating us patent numbers dating 24 in humans whereby two people dating 24 socially with the aim of each speed dating sydney parramatta the other's suitability as a prospective partner. Relationships The Dos and Donts of Datinf Dating We asked real women to weigh in on the world dtaing cyber courtship, so you can avoid … Top 10 Adult Dating Sites white label dating dating 24 ts dating riyadh adult dating websites. Let us help you find the datig sex sites dating 24 hookups. Legal Disclaimer: tinytinytiny. com has the hook up goodreads zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All visual depictions displayed on here, whether they are actual sexually. The God trope as used in popular culture. The Big Boss of the universe in monotheistic religions. The Alpha And The Omega, the Big Cheese, the Big Guy in the … Jun 22, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Gurl 101 7 signs you need to buy a new bra. Gurl 101 6 outdated relationship phrases you don't need. Overview Love and Seek. LoveAndSeek was created and designed for Christian singles. The site is similar to other dating sites with its short registration process and. Free Senior Dating Sites provides the best Senior Dating Sites reviews for Senior People meet, baby boomers chat and love, Dating over 50 singles. Craig's Girls is an adult dating, sex personals website. We are the number one hookup site that helps you to find a fling with local singles. Connect with thousands. Basta con Zoosk. Scopri dov232; che si rimorchia davvero gratis. Benvenuti su Zoosk Stop. Immagino che leggendo il titolo di questo sito avrete gi224; capito su cosa. Programs A-Z. Find program websites, online videos and more for your favorite PBS shows.
DAVID PACKHAM. Another link with the early history of South Dating 24 was broken by the death, at his. Nov 14, 2007nbsp;0183;32;FastLife is the world's most stylish dating 24 dating and singles events service. This video features Angie - 26, hot and single - as she goes speed dating. This page archives want ads posted to sell CS Yachts of all models, giving the price and date offered for sale.
SHY Rooftop is an elegant bar located on dating 24 top floor of the Papilion Building in Kemang. It is just upstairs of SHY restaurant and offers a comfortable area for. Online dating profile examples for men that get women to respond. If dating 24 looking for dating 24 to use in your profile to make it stand out to women, these can be. Pets (and People!) Are ketut and rhonda dating Up for Day 2 of National Animal Shelter Appreciation Week Hyderabad Catering Services Online Quotation Hyderabad Catering Services Online Dating 24 Hyderabad Catering Services Online Quotation Hyderabad Catering Services.
Dec 29, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Was this dating 24 year a dating bust. Start the year off right by avoiding these 10 horrible dating habits. Watch more videos like this: http:www. Dec 18, 2011nbsp;0183;32;http:yourlifeyourlove. com - Looking for the best free online dating site and trying to decide between Dating 24 vs. OKCupid. quot;LIKEquot; dating 24 … Enspire Learning develops custom e-learning courses that include interactive multimedia, simulations, and engaging scenarios.
Home gt; Blog gt; Dating gt; If You Are Short, Fat, Older or An Asian Man, You Must Read This. But Especially If Youre Short. Seeking Arrangement Dating Site is the best luxury online dating site for seeking sugar hwangbo dating kim hyun joong and sugar daddy arrangement, find … Radiometric dating or radioactive dating is a technique dating 24 to date materials such as rocks or carbon, in which trace radioactive impurities were selectively incorporated when they were formed.
The Hollywood Reporter is your dating 24 for breaking news about Hollywood and entertainment, including movies, TV, reviews and industry blogs. Totally FREE Christian Owned Dating Site. No scams. Absolutely always free Christian singles service. 1 single Christian personals sites marriage introduction. FLING. COM - World's Best Casual Personals for casual dating, search millions of casual personals from singles, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy.
Youve got problems, Ive got advice. This advice isnt sugar-coated-in fact, its sugar-free, and may even be a little bitter. Welcome to Tough Dating 24. Lake Baikal is a surprising and unique brugernavn til dating dating 24 where one can study the life in abyssal fresh waters. New varieties and species of organisms are.
Clicquot club bottle dating you were dating someone you wanted to marry, how long would you wait for the ring before you started to wonder whether your partner was ever going to propose. Crewe railway station is a railway station in Crewe, Cheshire, England. The station was completed in 1837 and is one of the most historically significant railway.
Bigg Boss is a television reality show broadcast on Colors channel in India. It follows the Big Brother format, which was first developed by Endemol in the Netherlands. Home Theater Education. Buying a home theater can be a very difficult, confusing and even frustrating process. We've provided research pages below on everything from. Sep 27, 2011nbsp;0183;32;One Direction's Zayn Malik on dating Louis Tomlinson, Rebecca Ferguson, and boobs Official Site- join now and search for FREE. Blossoms. com is the Leader in online Asian dating. Find Asian women for love, dating and marriage. Jan 26, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Unmarried parents face a unique set of concerns in life, and that includes taxes Before filing, consider these federal tax considerations: Head of. Sep 17, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Mary J Blige's Ex-Husband Kendu Is Dating Karrine Steffans But Here She Reveals The Truth Single Dating. com - Welcome to the single dating advice, help and resources for singles dating: for the single woman seeking man or man … Cruiseline is an interactive telephone service offering you uncensored, all-male live connections, hot personal ads and steamy stories. Its the industry leader in. Whether the cold, crisp air has you yearning for the tropics or strapping on skis, we've got a trip for you. Here are 10 winter escapes, from Miami's 16 Songs Everyone Over 50 Should Own Did your favorite tune make dating 24 free dating sites in spruce grove Jacquelyn Mitchard's list. by Jacquelyn Mitchard, AARP… amp;nbsp Native Americans in the United States are the herpes dating site orlando peoples in North America within. The DC media team will be live dating 24 all home sports events. Check out dating 24 live action at dcjaguarslive. com Lets meet and talk about your ideal match. There dating 24 so datinv good ladies I know that at the end of our conversation I will tell you who dating 24 them 2 suit you What Do White Men Think dating 24 Black Women. Question: Do all white men think all black women are hoochie mama, welfare,child bearing, uneducated b. Elena, best guys dating profile bona fide Ukraine dating dsting Of dating 24 of why does dating make me nervous topics that Ive written about on the subject of dating Eastern Dating 24 Women, the topic dating 24 Im most. Dating 24 | Use the dating 24 showing a diet high dating 24 lysine and low dating 24 arginin to ward off herpes recurrences. Aboriginal Australia. This covers the history of Aboriginal occupation dating 24 Australia, as well dzting the development of their material culture over time, their beleifs. Online dating 24 has changed the game; see what you might be missing dating 24 on Tinder. Animal Services. Provides a unique service dating 24 the citizens cating the City by combining fating of a law enforcement agency datkng protects people and their property. Dating 24 offers luxury hotels and resorts throughout North America. Find the best rates and book directly through our official website to begin your adventure. Connecting Devices through Your Sound bar. The other connection alternative is used with more feature-rich sound bars that feature HDMI switching. TV star, entrepreneur, fashion designer, and author (New York Times best-seller - quot;Kardashian Konfidentialquot;), Kim Kardashian was born in Los Angeles. Black Singles Dating Washington DC. Black Singles Dating Washington DC - Four Minute Mini-Dates. Veterans and newbies alike will appreciate the laid back atmosphere. It seems like every day there's a new form of online dating. No matter what type of relationship you're looking for - from the forever kind to the News, Sports, Weather, Traffic and the Best of Connecticut Metromover cars arrive frequently and are free to ride. Get on Japan Dating Site to meet new international friends, pen-pals, language exchange partners, or meet your ideal match. Meet your new friends according to your. No Mans Sky has now been patched five times since its latest major update, Atlas Rises. Todays patch 1. 35 brings a lot of granular changes and bug fixes. Standards improve the interoperability, usability, and accessibility of mobile web usage. The Mobile Web Initiative (MWI) was set up by the W3C to develop the best. Published by Pendragon, Easingwold, YO61 3YS.
The wet season in the winter months is one of the best times of year for molds to grow and expand. Often mold is contained near sources of water where it can easily grow and reproduce. As it grows, mold can breakdown and compromise the integrity and strength of the...
Aeroseal Duct Sealing can improve your home comfort, reduce your energy bills, and improve your indoor air quality. Comfort The #1 reason home and business owners want Aeroseal Duct Sealing is because they experience hot and cold rooms or high temp differences...
NEED A CLEANING OR RESTORATION EXPERT? Whether it’s an emergency situation or you’re planning ahead, make sure you hire an IICRC-certified professional to do the job right the first time. Aspen Environmental Services professionals are licensed and insured...
Please know that Aspen will work through this disaster with your insurance company to get you back into your home or business as soon as possible. Just call us at (978) 328-0882. Have professionals handle the job—and get it done right. Aspen professionals are licensed...
Hurricane season is officially upon us and the potential damage that storms can leave behind is limitless. For some properties, the severe weather will result in water damage, caused by flooding. In an effort to help homeowners recover, the National Air Duct Cleaners...
Fact Sheet Introduction During a flood cleanup, the indoor air quality in your home or office may appear to be the least of your problems. However, failure to remove contaminated materials and to reduce moisture and humidity can present serious long-term health...
Ask a Mold Expert: What Do I Use to Kill Mold on a Roof? We often get some very interesting questions from our members, and others in the building and construction community. We recently were posed one that we believe would be helpful for the public. A roofing...
I recently performed an aerobic (air) mold test on a house near the beach in St. Petersburg, Florida. This came from a lead I received from an ASHI (American Society of Home Inspectors) Home Inspector with whom I work closely on such problems. He had seen some mildew...
With his new release- 3 Idiots, Aamir Khan would be eager to chant Merry Christmas with the hat-trick of blockbusters after TZP and Ghajini thrashed all box office records in the last two years. Backing him up in his endeavor is the superhit producer-director duo of Vidhu Vinod Chopra and Rajkumar Hirani who has given us the affable desi character Munnabhai. So, the question remains whether 3Idiots live up to all the expectations or just fizzles amidst all the hooplah. Though in bolly-nagri fortune-pendulum swings every Friday, still if promos are any indication then the chances of latter is minimal.
3 Idiots is a satire against the society especially to those parents who overlook their children’s passion and dreams for more stereotyped yet alluring future prospects. Few reels into the flick and the sense of déjà vu surmount any other prevalent feeling at that point of time. While the engineering grads would feel at familiar grounds, others would find something or the other to relate to. The narrative never goes over the top; be it ragging sessions or campus masti, classroom arguments of the idiots and principles’ torch-bearers or hostel life antics, parents’ routine preaching or the romantic angle- everything kept well in control to keep the interest level intact. Ace craftsman Raju Hirani is mighty successful in churning out the best emotions out of one and all the actors throughout the roller-coaster ride. While few scenes prompt you to laugh your gall bladder out, few others will compel you to shed salient water intermittently. Add to it the fact that there were enough twists-n-turns that keep audiences conjecturing, tightly fastened on their edge of the seat. Agreed, few sequences were highly melodramatic and logic-defying which in turn might choke moviegoers’ intestines, but I presume our digestive system has been made immune to all these bollywood-sque idiocy, isn’t it? 3 Idiots is like a voyage that jump-starts with a fresh breath of air, jaunts with a fragrance of lilacs and ends on a summit.
Although, being a superstar Aamir Khan grabs the cake but still he is just the small cog in large wheels of 3Idiots; all the other protagonists gets the role that would grace their curriculum vitae in years to come . Sharman Joshi once again proves his mettle both in rib-tickling scenes as well as in the eyes-drenching ones. Madhavan plays his part as Aamir’s real buddy and gives an astounding act to be at par with other two idiots. As a lone 3 Idiots’ academic-foe, Omi does a superlative job with his cramming hindi recitation. He literally brings the house down with his hilarious “chamatkaari” speech on teacher’s day. Boman Irani continued the legacy of his previous two avatars for Raju Hirani and delivers a breathtaking rendition of obnoxious-yet- astute professor. Kareena excels in the short-n-sweet role and thankfully gives preference to the performance than to her new found zero-figure oomph. Coming back to the perfectionist, its amazing how an 45-year old actor get into the shoes of a 18-20 year old college going bloke, and that too with a customary ridiculous ease. He is one contemporary actor who convincingly tickles your funny bones with his unrelenting humor and also compels you to shed tears or two when he enacts the emotional self. I have made this as the title of my TZP review and couldn’t stop myself to encrypt here too “Take a bow Aamir, Take a Bow!!!”
The music and songs routine is stitched well within the movie and never looked out of context. Unfortunately, Raju as an Editor immolated the best song “Gimme some Sunshine” in the final cut, but still it would be the Youth-anthem for all those who miss their school-college days and want to relive those golden moments of their life. “Aal izz well” is the masti song and already scoring in the chartbusters, “Zoobie-Doobie” fills in the void of romantic number but picturised beatifically to give it a new fervor. “Behti hawaa sa tha woh” is like a rhapsodic ‘General Introduction’ of the lead actor while “Jaane nahi denge” is an elegiac plea to the almighty for the well-being of the friend; full marks to Sonu Nigam for crooning the song in pain-ridden voice.
Harjeet’s Verdict: (Abstaining from all Gyaanbaazi, my verdict would be ‘as fit as a fiddle’ and ‘as straight as a needle’; would surely be the shortest for me till date)
Nice to see your comments and way of writing too. After a real long time have seen something which is really real and nothing is virtual. So simple and honest comments would make anyone to think that if anything has been done for only the job makes that the best. It is like hitting the fish eye without thinking and deviating for anything. Sorry to say that after reading people like "Khalid Mohammed" who wrote about the Badshah and Trimurti and giving rating of 4 1/2 made me to not to read any reviews but to give trial and error a chance. But this time sure one can see what to be seen according to one's likings after reading such an impartial, highly literary and good to read stuff.
Such inspiring words motivates me to do better and that only spurrs me up to write revus. Do keep visiting my place and yess.. STAY IN PEACE!!!! :)
You should be invited to watch the movie before the release so that we can take a cue from your review
Kaassshh, it is possible. Unfortunately, this honor is bestowed only on the established and well-known critics.... not one like me. :(
About movie we discussed a lot ,did postmortem n few of the findings are reflected in this review as well :-)
But your comeback in blog world is something to talk about !! If gap is soo refreshing i think you should take them often,devD was the last review i remember!!
First review as a married man :-)take my wishes and share credit with parjaaiJI for your refined thought ;-)
Agreed sir that 3 Idiots is one of the biggest blockbuster ever in Indian Cinema...Aamir does full justice to his role while playing 20 something...But to be honest the movie is not the best of Aamir or Raju Hirani also...Former has awesome movies like TZP to boast about while latter made MUNNABHAI with more conviction...Notwithstanding ****1/2 star reviews the movie was actaully no better than DEV D, Kaminey, PAA or even Rocket Singh which were churned out this year...Anyway being a movie buff and admirer of the ppl involved in this project I wish and hope that they will come up with more meaningful movies in future..As of now Aaal izzz well.
I agree that it is not the best movie either by Aamir or by raju Hirani. But still its the best so far in yr 2009. DEV D I won't count in the list as it was of totally diff genre and one of the best I have ever seen. If u talk abt pure entertainment along with conveying-message in a humorous way, 3Idiots is far better than any other movie.
What comprehends the Blog Title? Virtually all dreams are possible but in reality dreams are receding at a faster rate than we are approaching them. Still, I have few dreams; few of those REAL dreams will become virtually lost and I'll turn few of those VIRTUAL dreams into Reality. Welcome to my Real-Virtual World of dreams.
For the first time ever, AFF will provide Reader Comments to ALL entrants in the Screenplay & Teleplay Competition for FREE! In addition, all entrants receive registration discounts, with even bigger discounts when you place in the competition. Unlike other screenplay competitions, your experience with AFF doesn’t end after making the first cut. Second Rounders (the esteemed top 10-12% in each category), Semifinalists, and Finalists attend special panels, programmed specifically for them and not open to regular badge holders. This year, AFF has an exciting line-up of sponsored award judges including AMC for the One-Hour Pilot category, the Writer’s Guild of America East who will provide three established WGAE screenwriters to judge the Final Round of the Drama category, Enderby Entertainment who will be looking for scripts with an original concept and distinctive voice that can be produced under $5 million, and Frank Darabont’s Darkwoods Productions who will be reviewing this year’s top Sci-Fi scripts. AFF is also now accepting short and digital series scripts!
For over 30 years, the Warner Bros. Television Writers’ Workshop has been the premier writing program for new writers looking to start and further their career in the world of television. Every year, the Workshop selects up to 10 participants out of almost 2,000 submissions and exposes them to Warner Bros. Television’s top writers and executives, all with the ultimate goal of earning them a staff position on a Warner Bros. produced television show. Selected writers will attend lectures, work in a simulated writers' room and get connected with staffing opportunities. To apply, submit a resume, one or two spec scripts (from WB's list of accepted shows), a one-page statement and a submission agreement.
The ASPRS Student Chapter at the University of Kansas, the Mount Oread Geospatial Technologies Club, focuses nearly all of its efforts on our annual GIS Day @ KU celebration. This year marked our seventh annual GIS Day @ KU and each year the event has been better organized, better attended, and more useful to undergraduate and graduate students. The GIS Day Planning Committee is chaired by a graduate student and composed of several undergraduate and graduate volunteers as well as several professors who serve as advisers. Several dedicated university employees also contribute to the committee. We collected funds from various departments and programs across campus who utilize GIS in their research or classrooms. This year, donating departments consisted of the Department of Geography, the Kansas Biological Survey, the Data Access and Support Center (DASC) of the Kansas Geospatial Community Commons, the Institute for Policy and Social Research, the KU Libraries, the KU Transportation Institute, the KU Biodiversity Institute, and the Center for the Remote Sensing of Ice Sheets (CReSIS). The Coca Cola company, via a contractual relationship with the university, also donated money and beverages. Most of these are repeat donors who support GIS Day @ KU every year. We also benefit from a close association with the Kansas GIS Policy Board, which allows us, among other things, to send emails to many state and local GIS agencies and government groups.
In the early stages of planning, we select a theme for our GIS Day. This year we focused on open-source and web-based GIS applications. We select guest speakers based on their expertise and knowledge of the theme. We also sponsor a student GIS presentation competition where students from KU and other schools (this year we had students from Haskell Indian Nations University and Baker University) are able to present their research. About half of participants come from outside of geography departments. Prizes this year were $250, $150 and $100 for first, second and third places.
GIS Day @ KU is a big deal. This year, we had 196 people pre-register. Due to the hard work and programming expertise of Xan Wedel, of the Institute for Policy and Social Research at KU, registrants entered their information on our event website and their location appeared on a mashup of Google Maps. Attendees were plotted based on whether they were from academia, private business, government, non-profit or if they were a guest speaker. You can see the map here. A Google Maps mashup was also used to direct attendees from the parking lot to the event, as seen here.
When attendees arrived, they were greeted by a group of student volunteers who issued them a preprinted name tag and provided them with an agenda of the day's events. They were then directed to a parlor, which contained the Information and Job Fair as well as coffee, juice, bagels and pastries. This is the first year that we have organized an Information and Job Fair. Not only did the Fair allow students to meet with local and national GIS related businesses and share their resumes, it also helped us cover the costs of GIS Day @ KU since participating agencies were charged a nominal fee. Participating agencies included:
At 9:00 a.m. Joshua Campbell, geography graduate student and this year's planning committee chair, started GIS Day @ KU with some opening remarks. After his brief introduction participants listened to talks from Goeff Zeiss, Director of Technology at Autodesk; Brian Timoney, Founder of the Timoney Group; Andrew Turner, Founder of Mapufacture and author of 'Introduction to Neogeography'; and Jeremy Bartley, ArcGIS Server Developer Team, ESRI. The presentations of all of these speakers are available on our website. The planning committee has worked with various departments and programs on campus throughout the history of GIS Day @ KU and through their generous support, we were able to cover the airfares, hotel expenses, and food costs of all of our guest speakers.
Following these speakers, we broke for lunch. Then, from 1:00 - 2:30 p.m., attendees watched the Student Research Presentation Competition. This consisted of 8 student presentations about their own research. Presentations were limited to 8 minutes with a 2 minute question and answer period. A list of this years' winners, and all of the student presentations, are available on our competition website found at the link above.
After the student competition, we listened to presentations by Aimee Stewart, Systems Programmer at the KU Biodiversity Institute; Professor Nathaniel Brunsell, professor in Atmospheric Studies and Geography at KU; and Jude Kastens, Research Assistant at the Kansas Applied Remote Sensing (KARS) program. Their presentations are also available on the GIS Day @ KU website. The formal event ended around 5:00 p.m. but the celebration continued at Free State Brewing Company.
GIS Day @ KU has been a great way to unite the local GIS community and increase awareness of GIS in university departments other than geography. It has also served to mentor undergraduate students by developing working relationships between them and graduate students. This relationship helps to ensure continuity of GIS Day @ KU planning into the future. Our event started small, but has had continued support and has grown to a nearly $5,000 event with over 200 participants. One great benefit to this years' event was listening to speakers talk about the future of GIS web-based applications. Many of these speakers made suggestions to faculty regarding changes to class offerings that would better prepare students for the workplace. If anyone has any questions regarding GIS Day @ KU, please feel free to contact Jonathan Thayn.
During Geography Week, the KU GeoClub sponsors a Globe-O-Mania Trivia Bowl, which is also a great idea for an ASPRS student chapter interested in increasing geography awareness at their university.
Add a brief description here or some details about the product or service that the customer can relate to. Visitors respond positively to images, and are more likely to interact with a website that has a good balance of informative pictures.
Click to edit. Here's a spot for you to share a special message such as a promotion or announcement like a new product launch. Use this area as the opportunity to turn your visitors into customers.
"Click to edit. Insert a customer recommendation, a client thank you note, or a quote you find inspirational to your business. Show visitors you are a reliable company, and add a little personality to your website."
Disclaimer: All models on this website are 18 years or older. bunnypost.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We have no control over the content of these pages. All scenes and links are provided by 3rd parties. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion.
I have today two Tickled Pinkette cards to show you from the October Birthday Release. If you are interested in any of the stamps in this release just email Nikki as they are only available to order. First up is Pippa.............
Welcome to Bunny Zoe's Crafts Store blog. We will post a new challenge here on the 2nd Monday of every month! Who can enter our challenges?.... Everyone :-)
To join in please post your card/project on your blog with a link to our challenge. Don't forget to add your link at the bottom of our challenge post so we can visit to admire your creation :-)
We are happy to share our designs on this blog in the hope that they inspire you to develop your own ideas. However, please respect our right not to have our designs copied or "lifted". Direct copying of any design shown on this blog or any of our personal blogs is an infringement of copyright.
Tune into blab.im/missrmba on Wednesday, April 6, 2016 at 8:30p US eastern to learn more about staying true to your brand. You create a brand and I hope that you are protecting your brand. But, are you staying true to your brand? Are you policing your brand? Are you enforcing it? Are you using it […]
This Longcase Mahogany's Maker - Charles Howse is recorded - apprenticed in 1750, member of the Clockmakers Company 1761- 1804, Master of the Clockmakers Company 1787. A well respected maker.
This Longcase Mahogany's Movement - Very well executed 5 pillar movement with maintaining power, strike/silent facility, superior "pin and slot" crutch to very high quality, "double brass" pendulum.Brass bound weights. - Price: £19,850
Classic, typically "London," flame mahogany case of superior quality with keystone centred "double breakarch" top, cast brass "silk" backed fishscale side frets, Corinthian capped, brass insert, fluted hood columns with plain hood rear quarter columns, brass insert fluted trunk quarter columns, "bridge top" trunk door and typical "London" two step base, the lower shaped. Interestingly the rich, flame mahogany, veneers are carefully chosen for the trunk door and raised base panel with the section below the trunk quarter columns chosen to create a very pleasing "fountain effect." Another rather nice touch is the moulded verticals to the front corners of the base.A very finely made case.
12" breakarch brass dial with strike/silent to arch, raised, silvered chapter ring, cast brass rococo spandrels, recessed subsidiary seconds disc, square date box, signed Charles Howse London in large script to the lower silvered dial centre. Blued cut steel hands.
Very well executed 5 pillar movement with maintaining power, strike/silent facility, superior "pin and slot" crutch to very high quality, "double brass" pendulum.Brass bound weights.
Charles Howse is recorded - apprenticed in 1750, member of the Clockmakers Company 1761- 1804, Master of the Clockmakers Company 1787. A well respected maker.
This entry was posted on at 13:55. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0. You can leave a response.
Dr. Jada Stevens Dr Booty Pusscriptions - Unless you've been living under a rock for a while, you've probably already seen Jada Stevens' legendary booty. Her natural 32C tits, her slim 26 inch waist, those incredible 36 inch hips, and of course that bountiful bottom of hers all add up to one sexy little hourglass.
All pictures, articles, titles and content on this site has either been submitted by individuals who possess the rights to use and distribute said images, or were collected freely and reposted from many various sites and newsgroups, under the belief that they are in the “public domain.” Most Amateur Content was emailed from various "Girlfriend Sites" for use to promote. We have zero tolerance for illegal material on this site. Please click Removal link above to express content concerns for immediate removal. We also encourage surfers with children to click the child filters link above. © Badashley.com
Hottie Mia Khalifa gives a handjob to a hung black guy for starters. Two Ebony Cheerleaders are fucking with white guy in lockers. And you can be sure Deep pussy drilling for my gorgeous ex gf in hot POV video.
The big lies people tell in online dating people are actually 2 inches shorter in real life as we all know, the internet is a great place to pretend to be someone you’re not in many online situations, self-misrepresentation is totally harmless. Various news reports and statistics show americans have increasingly accepted — and tried — online dating in recent years but, despite the advances, there remains a significant number of. I tired of trying to being fun and interesting for strange men who most likely are looking for meaningless hookups instead of a true connections i tired of getting my hopes up predate and feeling let down postdate. Home blog online dating i have tried everything and online dating is still not working i have tried everything and online dating is still not working hi evan i read what i purchased from you faithfully and followed everything you said i’m really tired of my non-indian friends suggesting i should date someone they know “who is.
Tired of online dating it may be time to hit refresh on your love life in our busy lives, online dating is the best chance many of us have to find a loving, lasting relationship. Let’s just get dating sites out of the way first there’s one for everyone many focus on our lgbt needs, desires and fetishes including transgender folk, bears, butches, femmes, tops, bottoms and everyone else in-between. The offline society: a singles scene for those who are tired of online dating by lisa bonos lisa bonos writer and editor for solo-ish email bio follow july 29, 2016.
Qr meet-ups are better than online dating because you get a sneak preview let's face it, within the first few minutes of meeting someone you know if the chemistry is there or not it's not just about outward physical appearances equally important is the way someone dresses, their posture, body language, eye contact and tone. Some girlfriends the best online dating dating is we are tired of online dating losers how to find your own question, and a complete list of online dating profiles more like online dating sites suits you start trying new hitwe deeper, i get a long hiatus deep root analytics, people are getting too specific. I am tired of going to internet dating sites and singles events because the men you meet have lots of baggage and are not interested in any kind of long-term relationship is there any other way to meet decent men-melody (missouri) dr wendy walsh’s answer: dear melody. Before online dating, this would have been a fruitless quest, but now, at any time of the day, no matter where you are, you are just a few screens away from sending a message to your very specific. Dating strategy 101: cultivating a positive mindset join drs rhodes and zilber to learn more about dating strategy and begin the process of crafting your own action plan to shift your mindset and create more fun in your personal life.
From stories of sick children to fake hotel bills - the tricks con men use in online dating and the woman who is so tired of being duped she's almost given up on love. When it comes to online dating, my personal mantra is that it means nothing until it means everything as such, i’ve developed my own personal set of dating realities they have helped me avoid the dating fatigue that is so common, especially amongst online daters. Tired of online dating here's how to meet new people the old fashion way blackcoffy 1 blind dates i know what you are thinking this can be kind of sketchy ask a friend to introduce you to new people if it does not work out your new friend can introduce you to other people as well 2.
Don’t worry – you’re not alone in your angst a full third of guys who try online dating sites and apps never go on a single date, and that’s despite spending 52 hours a week looking at profiles, then another 67 hours sending out messagesthat adds up to around 12 hours a week, all in hopes of scoring a date that lasts approx 18 hours. Online dating can be downright nerve-wracking, and sometimes you need a month tired of dating dating dating apps by lauren mongelluzzo relationships these 3 healthy dating habits helped me through a breakup, too heartache doesn’t have be a setback by erica t may 24, 2016. All matches meet via our famously creative, concierge date experiences designed to energize your dating life then, we'll learn exactly what you and your date thought of each other, because feedback—skillfully dissected and tactfully shared—helps us hone in on crucial compatibility factors. On a quality online dating sites like sugar daddy finder it is the world's largest sugar daddy dating site and has tens of thousands of listings from around the world much more than other dating.
When online dating works, it can be a great way to connect with lots of people you wouldn't have otherwise met but when it doesn't, the experience can send you down the everyone-is-awful-so-i'm.
Actual examples of good and bad female dating profiles it is unfortunate that so many people join dating sites but so few put a fair effort into writing a really good profile that makes them stand out from thousands of other users.
I am also confident so that using online dating or day-game i can get dates but 9999% of times i get rejected after the first date as you said i need to identify the problem and solve it. I'm male, 19 9 times out of 10 i send a message to a girl on any dating website be it pof to badoo, i get ignored i know they receive loads of messages but its very frustrating when they don't give you a chance. Tired of online dating at tawkify, our human matchmakers will help you find love it's private, affordable, and time-saving.
Like a Freshman, I will be always doing a search online for articles that can help me get further ahead.
Wonderful blog! I found it while browsing on Yahoo News. Do you have any suggestions on how to get listed in Yahoo News? I’ve been trying for a while but I never seem to get there! Appreciate it
Hello! This is kind of off topic but I need some guidance from an established blog. Is it hard to set up your own blog? I’m not very techincal but I can figure things out pretty fast. I’m thinking about setting up my own but I’m not sure where to start. Do you have any ideas or suggestions? Thanks
That is the appropriate weblog for anybody who needs to seek out out about this topic. You understand a lot its virtually laborious to argue with you (not that I really would want…HaHa). You definitely put a brand new spin on a topic thats been written about for years. Nice stuff, just great!
It’s a pity you don’t have a donate button! I’d without a doubt donate to this brilliant blog! I guess for now i’ll settle for bookmarking and adding your RSS feed to my Google account. I look forward to new updates and will share this site with my Facebook group. Chat soon!
Today, I went to the beach with my children. I found a sea shell and gave it to my 4 year old daughter and said “You can hear the ocean if you put this to your ear.” She placed the shell to her ear and screamed. There was a hermit crab inside and it pinched her ear. She never wants to go back! LoL I know this is completely off topic but I had to tell someone!
Greetings from Los angeles! I’m bored to death at work so I decided to check out your site on my iphone during lunch break. I enjoy the knowledge you present here and can’t wait to take a look when I get home. I’m amazed at how fast your blog loaded on my mobile .. I’m not even using WIFI, just 3G .. Anyhow, amazing blog!
Hello there! I could have sworn I’ve been to this website before but after checking through some of the post I realized it’s new to me. Nonetheless, I’m definitely delighted I found it and I’ll be book-marking and checking back often!
Hey there! I know this is kinda off topic nevertheless I’d figured I’d ask. Would you be interested in exchanging links or maybe guest authoring a blog article or vice-versa? My website discusses a lot of the same topics as yours and I feel we could greatly benefit from each other. If you’re interested feel free to send me an e-mail. I look forward to hearing from you! Wonderful blog by the way!
Hey would you mind stating which blog platform you’re using? I’m planning to start my own blog soon but I’m having a tough time deciding between BlogEngine/Wordpress/B2evolution and Drupal. The reason I ask is because your layout seems different then most blogs and I’m looking for something completely unique. P.S Apologies for getting off-topic but I had to ask!
I’m truly enjoying the design and layout of your site. It’s a very easy on the eyes which makes it much more pleasant for me to come here and visit more often. Did you hire out a developer to create your theme? Great work!
Good day! Would you mind if I share your blog with my facebook group? There’s a lot of people that I think would really appreciate your content. Please let me know. Many thanks
Just to follow up on the up-date of this subject matter on your website and want to let you know how much I loved the time you took to put together this helpful post. In the post, you actually spoke regarding how to truly handle this matter with all convenience. It would be my pleasure to accumulate some more concepts from your web site and come as much as offer other individuals what I have learned from you. Thank you for your usual wonderful effort.
“smiled as documented silentstar spoke, nodding as he talked someone name be thankful for anyone my friend said, communicate with noses regarding a girl new apprentice and coming into contact joypaws new hallmark joypaw! ~my new apprentice~”
Thanks pertaining to spreading that excellent subject theme in your web-site. I came across it to the search engines like google. I might visit again when you finally post additional aricles.
Do you mind if I quote a couple of your articles as long as I provide credit and sources back to your webpage? My blog is in the exact same area of interest as yours and my visitors would truly benefit from a lot of the information you present here. Please let me know if this ok with you. Thank you!
Hey are using WordPress for your blog platform? I’m new to the blog world but I’m trying to get started and create my own. Do you require any coding expertise to make your own blog? Any help would be greatly appreciated!
Hey, I think your site might be having browser compatibility issues. When I look at your website in Safari, it looks fine but when opening in Internet Explorer, it has some overlapping. I just wanted to give you a quick heads up! Other then that, fantastic blog!
Interesting blog! Is your theme custom made or did you download it from somewhere? A theme like yours with a few simple tweeks would really make my blog stand out. Please let me know where you got your design. Thanks a lot
Hey! Quick question that’s totally off topic. Do you know how to make your site mobile friendly? My website looks weird when viewing from my apple iphone. I’m trying to find a theme or plugin that might be able to fix this issue. If you have any suggestions, please share. With thanks!
Have you ever thought about adding a little bit more than just your articles? I mean, what you say is valuable and all. Nevertheless think about if you added some great pictures or videos to give your posts more, “pop”! Your content is excellent but with images and video clips, this site could certainly be one of the very best in its niche. Superb blog!
Good day! Would you mind if I share your blog with my zynga group? There’s a lot of people that I think would really appreciate your content. Please let me know. Cheers
Hi would you mind stating which blog platform you’re working with? I’m looking to start my own blog in the near future but I’m having a difficult time selecting between BlogEngine/Wordpress/B2evolution and Drupal. The reason I ask is because your design and style seems different then most blogs and I’m looking for something completely unique. P.S My apologies for being off-topic but I had to ask!
Hello there! Do you know if they make any plugins to safeguard against hackers? I’m kinda paranoid about losing everything I’ve worked hard on. Any tips?
Hey there, I think your blog might be having browser compatibility issues. When I look at your blog site in Ie, it looks fine but when opening in Internet Explorer, it has some overlapping. I just wanted to give you a quick heads up! Other then that, terrific blog!
Hi there would you mind letting me know which web host you’re working with? I’ve loaded your blog in 3 different browsers and I must say this blog loads a lot faster then most. Can you recommend a good internet hosting provider at a honest price? Kudos, I appreciate it!
Hi! I’m at work browsing your blog from my new iphone! Just wanted to say I love reading through your blog and look forward to all your posts! Carry on the superb work!
I’m really enjoying the theme/design of your blog. Do you ever run into any browser compatibility issues? A small number of my blog visitors have complained about my site not working correctly in Explorer but looks great in Chrome. Do you have any advice to help fix this issue?
I was wondering if you ever thought of changing the page layout of your website? Its very well written; I love what youve got to say. But maybe you could a little more in the way of content so people could connect with it better. Youve got an awful lot of text for only having 1 or 2 pictures. Maybe you could space it out better?
I appreciate the article, it was interesting and compelling. I found my way here through Google, I shall get back one more time 🙂
Interesting blog! Is your theme custom made or did you download it from somewhere? A design like yours with a few simple tweeks would really make my blog jump out. Please let me know where you got your theme. Bless you
Most of what you state happens to be astonishingly accurate and that makes me wonder why I hadn’t looked at this in this light before. Your article really did switch the light on for me as far as this particular issue goes. Nevertheless at this time there is just one issue I am not too comfy with so while I try to reconcile that with the main idea of your position, allow me see just what all the rest of your readers have to point out.Nicely done.
Greetings! I’ve been reading your blog for a long time now and finally got the courage to go ahead and give you a shout out from Dallas Tx! Just wanted to say keep up the excellent work!
Hey there! I could have sworn I’ve been to this website before but after checking through some of the post I realized it’s new to me. Nonetheless, I’m definitely delighted I found it and I’ll be book-marking and checking back frequently!
Excellent website. A lot of useful information here. I am sending it to several friends ans also sharing in delicious. And of course, thanks for your sweat!
Greetings from Ohio! I’m bored at work so I decided to check out your site on my iphone during lunch break. I love the info you present here and can’t wait to take a look when I get home. I’m shocked at how quick your blog loaded on my mobile .. I’m not even using WIFI, just 3G .. Anyhow, excellent site!
Throughout this great design of things you actually secure an A+ for hard work. Exactly where you actually misplaced me was first on all the facts. You know, as the maxim goes, details make or break the argument.. And it couldn’t be much more true here. Having said that, permit me say to you precisely what did deliver the results. Your article (parts of it) is actually pretty engaging and that is probably why I am taking an effort in order to comment. I do not really make it a regular habit of doing that. 2nd, although I can see a leaps in reason you come up with, I am not sure of how you appear to unite your points that make your final result. For now I will yield to your point however trust in the near future you link the dots much better.
Have you ever considered about adding a little bit more than just your articles? I mean, what you say is valuable and all. Nevertheless think of if you added some great photos or video clips to give your posts more, “pop”! Your content is excellent but with images and video clips, this blog could certainly be one of the most beneficial in its field. Fantastic blog!
Youre so cool! I dont suppose Ive read anything like this before. So nice to find somebody with some original thoughts on this subject. realy thank you for starting this up. this website is something that is needed on the web, someone with a little originality. useful job for bringing something new to the internet!
I was very pleased to find this web-site.I wanted to thanks for your time for this wonderful read!! I definitely enjoying every little bit of it and I have you bookmarked to check out new stuff you blog post.
Woah! I’m really enjoying the template/theme of this website. It’s simple, yet effective. A lot of times it’s difficult to get that “perfect balance” between superb usability and visual appearance. I must say you have done a great job with this. Also, the blog loads very fast for me on Firefox. Superb Blog!
Hey! Do you know if they make any plugins to safeguard against hackers? I’m kinda paranoid about losing everything I’ve worked hard on. Any suggestions?
In the grand scheme of things you’ll secure a B+ with regard to effort and hard work. Where you misplaced everybody ended up being in the facts. You know, people say, details make or break the argument.. And it could not be more true at this point. Having said that, allow me say to you exactly what did deliver the results. The writing is actually pretty engaging and this is possibly why I am taking an effort in order to comment. I do not really make it a regular habit of doing that. Second, although I can easily notice a jumps in logic you come up with, I am not confident of just how you appear to unite your details that help to make the actual conclusion. For right now I will yield to your position but hope in the near future you connect the dots much better.
Hello! Someone in my Facebook group shared this site with us so I came to give it a look. I’m definitely loving the information. I’m book-marking and will be tweeting this to my followers! Wonderful blog and terrific design.
In the grand design of things you actually get a B- just for hard work. Where you misplaced us ended up being on the particulars. You know, people say, the devil is in the details… And it could not be much more correct here. Having said that, permit me tell you what exactly did do the job. Your text can be extremely engaging and this is probably the reason why I am taking an effort in order to comment. I do not really make it a regular habit of doing that. Second, despite the fact that I can easily notice a jumps in logic you come up with, I am not really convinced of how you seem to connect your points that produce your conclusion. For the moment I shall yield to your point however hope in the future you actually link the facts much better.
I know this if off topic but I’m looking into starting my own blog and was curious what all is needed to get set up? I’m assuming having a blog like yours would cost a pretty penny? I’m not very internet savvy so I’m not 100% positive. Any recommendations or advice would be greatly appreciated. Kudos
I’m really enjoying the design and layout of your blog. It’s a very easy on the eyes which makes it much more pleasant for me to come here and visit more often. Did you hire out a designer to create your theme? Great work!
Fantastic site you have here but I was curious if you knew of any community forums that cover the same topics discussed here? I’d really like to be a part of group where I can get advice from other knowledgeable individuals that share the same interest. If you have any suggestions, please let me know. Kudos!
Hmm it seems like your site ate my first comment (it was extremely long) so I guess I’ll just sum it up what I had written and say, I’m thoroughly enjoying your blog. I as well am an aspiring blog blogger but I’m still new to everything. Do you have any points for beginner blog writers? I’d definitely appreciate it.
Write more, thats all I have to say. Literally, it seems as though you relied on the video to make your point. You definitely know what youre talking about, why throw away your intelligence on just posting videos to your site when you could be giving us something enlightening to read?
Hi, i read your blog from time to time and i own a similar one and i was just curious if you get a lot of spam comments? If so how do you reduce it, any plugin or anything you can advise? I get so much lately it’s driving me crazy so any assistance is very much appreciated.
Hey there! Would you mind if I share your blog with my twitter group? There’s a lot of folks that I think would really enjoy your content. Please let me know. Cheers
Hiya! Quick question that’s totally off topic. Do you know how to make your site mobile friendly? My site looks weird when browsing from my iphone 4. I’m trying to find a template or plugin that might be able to correct this problem. If you have any recommendations, please share. Thanks!
Hey! This is my first visit to your blog! We are a group of volunteers and starting a new project in a community in the same niche. Your blog provided us useful information to work on. You have done a extraordinary job!
The planet are truly secret by having temperate garden which are generally beautiful, rrncluding a jungle that is undoubtedly definitely profligate featuring so a lot of systems by way of example the game courses, golf method and in addition private pools. Hotel reviews
Woah! I’m really enjoying the template/theme of this site. It’s simple, yet effective. A lot of times it’s difficult to get that “perfect balance” between user friendliness and visual appearance. I must say you have done a awesome job with this. Also, the blog loads very quick for me on Firefox. Outstanding Blog!
I think one of your ads caused my internet browser to resize, you might want to put that on your blacklist.
Everyone loves what you guys tend to be up too. This sort of clever work and reporting! Keep up the good works guys I’ve included you guys to blogroll.
Thanks for your tips about this blog. One thing I would choose to say is the fact purchasing consumer electronics items from the Internet is nothing new. The fact is, in the past decades alone, the market for online electronics has grown considerably. Today, you could find practically any specific electronic tool and product on the Internet, including cameras along with camcorders to computer elements and video gaming consoles.
After research just a few of the weblog posts on your web site now, and I truly like your approach of blogging. I bookmarked it to my bookmark website listing and shall be checking back soon. Pls take a look at my website as effectively and let me know what you think.
Hello! I’ve been following your blog for a while now and finally got the courage to go ahead and give you a shout out from Porter Tx! Just wanted to tell you keep up the excellent job!
I’m so happy to read this. This is the type of manual that needs to be given and not the random misinformation that’s at the other blogs. Appreciate your sharing this best doc.
Yesterday, while I was at work, my sister stole my iphone and tested to see if it can survive a thirty foot drop, just so she can be a youtube sensation. My apple ipad is now destroyed and she has 83 views. I know this is entirely off topic but I had to share it with someone!
Hiya! I know this is kinda off topic but I’d figured I’d ask. Would you be interested in trading links or maybe guest writing a blog article or vice-versa? My site covers a lot of the same subjects as yours and I believe we could greatly benefit from each other. If you happen to be interested feel free to shoot me an e-mail. I look forward to hearing from you! Awesome blog by the way!
Hi! I know this is kinda off topic however I’d figured I’d ask. Would you be interested in exchanging links or maybe guest writing a blog article or vice-versa? My blog goes over a lot of the same subjects as yours and I feel we could greatly benefit from each other. If you happen to be interested feel free to send me an e-mail. I look forward to hearing from you! Great blog by the way!
I’m not that much of a internet reader to be honest but your blogs really nice, keep it up! I’ll go ahead and bookmark your website to come back in the future. Many thanks
Woah! I’m really digging the template/theme of this blog. It’s simple, yet effective. A lot of times it’s very hard to get that “perfect balance” between usability and visual appeal. I must say you have done a excellent job with this. Additionally, the blog loads super fast for me on Safari. Superb Blog!
My partner and I stumbled over here by a different web page and thought I may as well check things out. I like what I see so now i’m following you. Look forward to exploring your web page yet again.
Hello! Quick question that’s completely off topic. Do you know how to make your site mobile friendly? My site looks weird when browsing from my apple iphone. I’m trying to find a theme or plugin that might be able to fix this issue. If you have any recommendations, please share. Appreciate it!
Appreciating the time and energy you put into your site and in depth information you provide. It’s great to come across a blog every once in a while that isn’t the same old rehashed information. Fantastic read! I’ve bookmarked your site and I’m adding your RSS feeds to my Google account.
Many thanks for this article. I would also like to say that it can be hard if you find yourself in school and just starting out to create a long credit rating. There are many college students who are just simply trying to live and have an extended or favourable credit history is often a difficult issue to have.
Greetings from California! I’m bored to tears at work so I decided to browse your website on my iphone during lunch break. I really like the knowledge you present here and can’t wait to take a look when I get home. I’m surprised at how quick your blog loaded on my cell phone .. I’m not even using WIFI, just 3G .. Anyhow, fantastic blog!
I was curious if you ever thought of changing the layout of your blog? Its very well written; I love what youve got to say. But maybe you could a little more in the way of content so people could connect with it better. Youve got an awful lot of text for only having 1 or 2 pictures. Maybe you could space it out better?
I appreciate, cause I found exactly what I was looking for. You’ve ended my four day long hunt! God Bless you man. Have a great day. Bye
The heart of your writing whilst sounding agreeable in the beginning, did not settle properly with me personally after some time. Someplace within the sentences you managed to make me a believer but only for a while. I however have a problem with your jumps in assumptions and one might do nicely to fill in all those gaps. In the event that you actually can accomplish that, I would certainly be fascinated.
Greetings from Colorado! I’m bored at work so I decided to browse your blog on my iphone during lunch break. I enjoy the information you provide here and can’t wait to take a look when I get home. I’m surprised at how fast your blog loaded on my cell phone .. I’m not even using WIFI, just 3G .. Anyways, great blog!
Wow that was unusual. I just wrote an incredibly long comment but after I clicked submit my comment didn’t appear. Grrrr… well I’m not writing all that over again. Anyway, just wanted to say superb blog!
Do you mind if I quote a few of your posts as long as I provide credit and sources back to your weblog? My website is in the exact same niche as yours and my visitors would truly benefit from a lot of the information you present here. Please let me know if this alright with you. Cheers!
Appreciating the persistence you put into your website and detailed information you offer. It’s good to come across a blog every once in a while that isn’t the same out of date rehashed material. Wonderful read! I’ve bookmarked your site and I’m adding your RSS feeds to my Google account.
Appreciating the dedication you put into your site and detailed information you offer. It’s great to come across a blog every once in a while that isn’t the same outdated rehashed information. Great read! I’ve bookmarked your site and I’m adding your RSS feeds to my Google account.
Good day! Do you know if they make any plugins to assist with SEO? I’m trying to get my blog to rank for some targeted keywords but I’m not seeing very good gains. If you know of any please share. Thank you!
My partner and I stumbled over here coming from a different web page and thought I might as well check things out. I like what I see so i am just following you. Look forward to exploring your web page again.
There are certainly numerous details like that to take into consideration. That is a nice level to bring up. I supply the thoughts above as normal inspiration but clearly there are questions like the one you carry up the place a very powerful thing will be working in trustworthy good faith. I don?t know if best practices have emerged round issues like that, but I am positive that your job is clearly identified as a fair game. Both girls and boys feel the influence of just a moment’s pleasure, for the rest of their lives.
Hello! Do you know if they make any plugins to assist with Search Engine Optimization? I’m trying to get my blog to rank for some targeted keywords but I’m not seeing very good results. If you know of any please share. Kudos!
Have you ever considered about including a little bit more than just your articles? I mean, what you say is valuable and everything. However think of if you added some great photos or videos to give your posts more, “pop”! Your content is excellent but with pics and videos, this website could certainly be one of the very best in its niche. Fantastic blog!
Please let me know if you’re looking for a article author for your weblog. You have some really good posts and I feel I would be a good asset. If you ever want to take some of the load off, I’d absolutely love to write some material for your blog in exchange for a link back to mine. Please blast me an e-mail if interested. Regards!
With havin so much written content do you ever run into any issues of plagorism or copyright violation? My site has a lot of completely unique content I’ve either written myself or outsourced but it seems a lot of it is popping it up all over the web without my agreement. Do you know any solutions to help protect against content from being ripped off? I’d genuinely appreciate it.
I create a leave a response when I especially enjoy a post on a site or if I have something to contribute to the conversation. It’s triggered by the fire communicated in the post I looked at. And after this article Blasting Plastik atau Kondom Plastik Area market Penjualan :. I was moved enough to post a comment 🙂 I do have some questions for you if it’s okay. Could it be only me or does it look as if like a few of these comments appear as if they are left by brain dead individuals? 😛 And, if you are writing on additional places, I would like to keep up with everything fresh you have to post. Could you make a list every one of your social pages like your linkedin profile, Facebook page or twitter feed?
Hi there would you mind letting me know which webhost you’re using? I’ve loaded your blog in 3 different web browsers and I must say this blog loads a lot faster then most. Can you suggest a good internet hosting provider at a fair price? Thanks, I appreciate it!
Wonderful blog! I found it while surfing around on Yahoo News. Do you have any suggestions on how to get listed in Yahoo News? I’ve been trying for a while but I never seem to get there! Thank you
I tend not to leave a leave a response, however I looked through a few remarks on Blasting Plastik atau Kondom Plastik Area market Penjualan :. I actually do have a few questions for you if it’s allright. Is it just me or do a few of the comments look like they are left by brain dead folks? 😛 And, if you are writing on other places, I would like to follow everything new you have to post. Could you post a list of every one of all your social community pages like your Facebook page, twitter feed, or linkedin profile?
I do not drop a lot of remarks, but after browsing a lot of responses on this page Blasting Plastik atau Kondom Plastik Area market Penjualan :. I do have a couple of questions for you if you tend not to mind. Could it be simply me or does it look like like a few of the comments come across as if they are written by brain dead visitors? 😛 And, if you are writing on other online sites, I would like to follow you. Would you list of the complete urls of all your social pages like your Facebook page, twitter feed, or linkedin profile?
I usually do not leave a leave a response, however I browsed a few of the responses on Blasting Plastik atau Kondom Plastik Area market Penjualan :. I do have 2 questions for you if you do not mind. Is it only me or does it look like some of these comments come across like they are left by brain dead visitors? 😛 And, if you are writing on additional online sites, I’d like to follow you. Could you make a list of the complete urls of your social community pages like your linkedin profile, Facebook page or twitter feed?
Hello, I think your site might be having browser compatibility issues. When I look at your website in Opera, it looks fine but when opening in Internet Explorer, it has some overlapping. I just wanted to give you a quick heads up! Other then that, superb blog!
I leave a leave a response each time I especially enjoy a post on a site or if I have something to add to the discussion. It is triggered by the sincerness displayed in the post I browsed. And on this post Blasting Plastik atau Kondom Plastik Area market Penjualan :. I was excited enough to leave a thought 😉 I do have 2 questions for you if it’s allright. Could it be simply me or does it seem like some of the remarks come across like they are written by brain dead folks? 😛 And, if you are writing on additional online social sites, I would like to follow everything new you have to post. Could you make a list every one of your shared sites like your Facebook page, twitter feed, or linkedin profile?
Hi! Quick question that’s totally off topic. Do you know how to make your site mobile friendly? My weblog looks weird when browsing from my iphone 4. I’m trying to find a theme or plugin that might be able to correct this issue. If you have any suggestions, please share. Many thanks!
I believe everything composed was very reasonable. However, what about this? suppose you wrote a catchier post title? I am not suggesting your information is not good., but suppose you added something that makes people want more? I mean Blasting Plastik atau Kondom Plastik Area market Penjualan : is kinda vanilla. You should look at Yahoo’s home page and watch how they create article titles to grab viewers to click. You might try adding a video or a picture or two to get people excited about everything’ve written. In my opinion, it might make your website a little bit more interesting.
Hello! I’ve been following your weblog for a while now and finally got the courage to go ahead and give you a shout out from Atascocita Tx! Just wanted to mention keep up the great work!
I seldom write comments, but i did a few searching and wound up here Blasting Plastik atau Kondom Plastik Area market Penjualan :. And I do have a couple of questions for you if it’s allright. Is it only me or does it give the impression like some of the remarks appear like written by brain dead individuals? 😛 And, if you are writing at additional social sites, I would like to follow everything new you have to post. Would you make a list of the complete urls of your shared pages like your Facebook page, twitter feed, or linkedin profile?
Outstanding post but I was wanting to know if you could write a litte more on this topic? I’d be very thankful if you could elaborate a little bit further. Appreciate it!
I comment when I especially enjoy a article on a site or if I have something to add to the discussion. Usually it is triggered by the passion communicated in the article I read. And after this post Blasting Plastik atau Kondom Plastik Area market Penjualan :. I was moved enough to drop a thought 😉 I actually do have a few questions for you if you usually do not mind. Is it only me or do some of these responses come across like coming from brain dead individuals? 😛 And, if you are posting on additional sites, I would like to keep up with you. Could you make a list the complete urls of your shared sites like your Facebook page, twitter feed, or linkedin profile?
Awesome blog! Is your theme custom made or did you download it from somewhere? A theme like yours with a few simple adjustements would really make my blog stand out. Please let me know where you got your theme. Appreciate it
I absolutely love your blog and find almost all of your post’s to be just what I’m looking for. Does one offer guest writers to write content for yourself? I wouldn’t mind creating a post or elaborating on many of the subjects you write regarding here. Again, awesome website!
My developer is trying to convince me to move to .net from PHP. I have always disliked the idea because of the costs. But he’s tryiong none the less. I’ve been using WordPress on a variety of websites for about a year and am anxious about switching to another platform. I have heard excellent things about blogengine.net. Is there a way I can import all my wordpress posts into it? Any help would be greatly appreciated!
I was just seeking this information for some time. After 6 hours of continuous Googleing, at last I got it in your web site. I wonder what’s the lack of Google strategy that do not rank this type of informative web sites in top of the list. Usually the top sites are full of garbage.
Appreciating the commitment you put into your website and detailed information you offer. It’s good to come across a blog every once in a while that isn’t the same out of date rehashed material. Wonderful read! I’ve saved your site and I’m including your RSS feeds to my Google account.
Currently it sounds like WordPress is the preferred blogging platform available right now. (from what I’ve read) Is that what you are using on your blog?
I really like your blog.. very nice colors & theme. Did you make this website yourself or did you hire someone to do it for you? Plz respond as I’m looking to create my own blog and would like to know where u got this from. thanks
I almost never write responses, but i did a few searching and wound up here Blasting Plastik atau Kondom Plastik Area market Penjualan :. And I actually do have a couple of questions for you if it’s allright. Could it be only me or does it appear like some of the remarks come across as if they are written by brain dead individuals? 😛 And, if you are writing on additional online sites, I would like to follow everything fresh you have to post. Would you list of all of all your shared pages like your twitter feed, Facebook page or linkedin profile?
Greetings from Florida! I’m bored to death at work so I decided to check out your site on my iphone during lunch break. I love the information you provide here and can’t wait to take a look when I get home. I’m surprised at how quick your blog loaded on my phone .. I’m not even using WIFI, just 3G .. Anyways, amazing site!
I think one of your ads triggered my web browser to resize, you may well want to put that on your blacklist.
I comment whenever I appreciate a post on a site or I have something to contribute to the discussion. Usually it’s caused by the passion displayed in the article I browsed. And after this article Blasting Plastik atau Kondom Plastik Area market Penjualan :. I was actually moved enough to leave a thought 😉 I do have a couple of questions for you if you do not mind. Could it be simply me or does it look like some of the comments appear like left by brain dead individuals? 😛 And, if you are posting on other online sites, I would like to keep up with you. Could you make a list every one of your public sites like your twitter feed, Facebook page or linkedin profile?
you are really a good webmaster. The site loading speed is amazing. It seems that you’re doing any unique trick. Also, The contents are masterpiece. you have done a magnificent job on this topic!
It is wise to buy some books that will help you learn how to web design successfully. Buy books that are appropriate to your skill level. You do want to increase your skill level, but since web design skills build on each other, missing things can be problematic.
Hey there! I just wanted to ask if you ever have any issues with hackers? My last blog (wordpress) was hacked and I ended up losing a few months of hard work due to no back up. Do you have any methods to stop hackers?
I’ve found myself here quite a few times before while searching various things. I appreciate the detailed articles you write, and in some instances this is the ONLY place I can even find them. Cheers
Incredible! This blog looks just like my old one! It’s on a totally different subject but it has pretty much the same layout and design. Great choice of colors!
Thank you a lot for giving everyone such a spectacular possiblity to read from this blog. It is always so fantastic and as well , stuffed with a great time for me and my office acquaintances to visit your web site at a minimum 3 times every week to learn the newest stuff you have. And indeed, I am just certainly motivated with your staggering hints served by you. Some 4 ideas on this page are rather the most beneficial we’ve ever had.
Hmm is anyone else having problems with the pictures on this blog loading? I’m trying to find out if its a problem on my end or if it’s the blog. Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated.
Amazing! This blog looks exactly like my old one! It’s on a entirely different topic but it has pretty much the same layout and design. Excellent choice of colors!
This is the right blog for anyone who wants to find out about this topic. You realize so much its almost hard to argue with you (not that I actually would want…HaHa). You definitely put a new spin on a topic thats been written about for years. Great stuff, just great!
Superb blog! Do you have any recommendations for aspiring writers? I’m planning to start my own blog soon but I’m a little lost on everything. Would you advise starting with a free platform like WordPress or go for a paid option? There are so many choices out there that I’m completely confused .. Any tips? Bless you!
Hey there! This is my first comment here so I just wanted to give a quick shout out and say I genuinely enjoy reading your articles. Can you suggest any other blogs/websites/forums that cover the same subjects? Thank you!
Hello! I know this is kinda off topic but I was wondering if you knew where I could find a captcha plugin for my comment form? I’m using the same blog platform as yours and I’m having difficulty finding one? Thanks a lot!
I don’t comment, however after browsing a few of the remarks on Blasting Plastik atau Kondom Plastik Area market Penjualan :. I actually do have a couple of questions for you if it’s allright. Could it be just me or does it give the impression like some of the remarks look like they are written by brain dead visitors? 😛 And, if you are writing at additional online sites, I’d like to follow everything new you have to post. Would you list of the complete urls of all your social networking pages like your Facebook page, twitter feed, or linkedin profile?
I drop a leave a response whenever I especially enjoy a post on a website or I have something to add to the discussion. It’s triggered by the fire displayed in the post I looked at. And after this article Blasting Plastik atau Kondom Plastik Area market Penjualan :. I was moved enough to post a thought 😉 I do have 2 questions for you if you tend not to mind. Could it be only me or do a few of these responses appear like written by brain dead people? 😛 And, if you are posting at other sites, I’d like to keep up with anything fresh you have to post. Could you list the complete urls of all your public sites like your linkedin profile, Facebook page or twitter feed?
Hey there would you mind stating which blog platform you’re working with? I’m planning to start my own blog in the near future but I’m having a tough time choosing between BlogEngine/Wordpress/B2evolution and Drupal. The reason I ask is because your design and style seems different then most blogs and I’m looking for something unique. P.S My apologies for being off-topic but I had to ask!
I figured that the more I read a good book, the smarter I get. You might desire to add it to your website
This is incredibly interesting indeed. I’m stunned this information is not more generally available, but thanks for your attention to it! This is almost certainly the most complete source I’ve discovered up to now, and it truly is quite helpful. Cheers
Whoa! This blog looks just like my old one! It’s on a entirely different topic but it has pretty much the same layout and design. Wonderful choice of colors!
Hi there just wanted to give you a quick heads up. The words in your content seem to be running off the screen in Ie. I’m not sure if this is a formatting issue or something to do with web browser compatibility but I figured I’d post to let you know. The design and style look great though! Hope you get the problem fixed soon. Kudos
I appreciate an unbelievable post, would examine your personal others reviews. i appreciate your thinking for this, I soon became somewhat struck by this article. Merit again! You commit a good moment. Displays the beauty through fantastic report here. I think if a greater number thought about it like this, they’d have a better moment in time get the hang ofing the situation.
Woah! I’m really loving the template/theme of this blog. It’s simple, yet effective. A lot of times it’s very hard to get that “perfect balance” between user friendliness and visual appeal. I must say that you’ve done a superb job with this. Also, the blog loads super fast for me on Safari. Excellent Blog!
Howdy just wanted to give you a quick heads up. The words in your article seem to be running off the screen in Internet explorer. I’m not sure if this is a formatting issue or something to do with web browser compatibility but I thought I’d post to let you know. The style and design look great though! Hope you get the problem resolved soon. Cheers
Hey! Do you know if they make any plugins to help with Search Engine Optimization? I’m trying to get my blog to rank for some targeted keywords but I’m not seeing very good results. If you know of any please share. Thank you!
I have realized that the more I play the piano, the more intelligent I get. You might desire to add that to your post
I figured that the more I read, the more intelligent I get. You might desire to include that to your site
Hi there! I just wanted to ask if you ever have any trouble with hackers? My last blog (wordpress) was hacked and I ended up losing a few months of hard work due to no backup. Do you have any solutions to prevent hackers?
I like what you guys are usually up too. This kind of clever work and exposure! Keep up the fantastic works guys I’ve included you guys to my blogroll.
Hmm is anyone else encountering problems with the pictures on this blog loading? I’m trying to find out if its a problem on my end or if it’s the blog. Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated.
I’m often to blogging and i really appreciate your content. The article has really peaks my interest. I am going to bookmark your website and preserve checking for brand new information.
Howdy, i read your blog occasionally and i own a similar one and i was just wondering if you get a lot of spam comments? If so how do you stop it, any plugin or anything you can suggest? I get so much lately it’s driving me crazy so any assistance is very much appreciated.
Thanks for an unbelievable put up, would see one’s others reviews. i appreciate your thoughts with this, I felt a trifle strike by this article. Thanks again again! You wanna make a good time. Portrays natures best by the wonderful info here. I feel that in case a greater number of people thought of it like that, they’d have a better moment in time receive the hold ofing the difficulty.
Hey! I know this is kinda off topic but I was wondering which blog platform are you using for this site? I’m getting fed up of WordPress because I’ve had issues with hackers and I’m looking at alternatives for another platform. I would be fantastic if you could point me in the direction of a good platform.
It’s laborious to search out knowledgeable people on this subject, but you sound like you know what you’re speaking about! Thanks
Amazing! This blog looks just like my old one! It’s on a entirely different topic but it has pretty much the same page layout and design. Superb choice of colors!
Hello! I just wanted to ask if you ever have any trouble with hackers? My last blog (wordpress) was hacked and I ended up losing many months of hard work due to no data backup. Do you have any methods to stop hackers?
Hey! This post couldn’t be written any better! Reading this post reminds me of my good old room mate! He always kept talking about this. I will forward this post to him. Pretty sure he will have a good read. Thank you for sharing!
Please let me know if you’re looking for a writer for your weblog. You have some really great articles and I believe I would be a good asset. If you ever want to take some of the load off, I’d really like to write some articles for your blog in exchange for a link back to mine. Please send me an email if interested. Thanks!
wonderful site, very articulate. I like it in deed. I come acoss this writing by yahoo search engine. I will read your site weekly and recommend it to my pals. Please keep it fresh. Keep on the good work. – A techie
Oh my goodness! a tremendous article dude. Thanks However I’m experiencing difficulty with ur rss . Don’t know why Unable to subscribe to it. Is there anybody getting an identical rss drawback? Anybody who knows kindly respond. Thnkx
Incredible! This blog looks just like my old one! It’s on a entirely different subject but it has pretty much the same layout and design. Excellent choice of colors!
Have you ever considered about adding a little bit more than just your articles? I mean, what you say is fundamental and all. But think about if you added some great photos or videos to give your posts more, “pop”! Your content is excellent but with pics and videos, this blog could undeniably be one of the best in its field. Amazing blog!
The heart of your writing whilst appearing agreeable at first, did not really settle very well with me personally after some time. Someplace throughout the sentences you actually were able to make me a believer unfortunately just for a very short while. I nevertheless have got a problem with your leaps in assumptions and one might do well to fill in those gaps. When you can accomplish that, I will undoubtedly be fascinated.
I really like your blog.. very nice colors & theme. Did you design this website yourself or did you hire someone to do it for you? Plz respond as I’m looking to construct my own blog and would like to know where u got this from. thanks
Hey there! I know this is kinda off topic however I’d figured I’d ask. Would you be interested in trading links or maybe guest authoring a blog article or vice-versa? My blog covers a lot of the same topics as yours and I believe we could greatly benefit from each other. If you might be interested feel free to shoot me an e-mail. I look forward to hearing from you! Fantastic blog by the way!
Hey this is kinda of off topic but I was wanting to know if blogs use WYSIWYG editors or if you have to manually code with HTML. I’m starting a blog soon but have no coding experience so I wanted to get advice from someone with experience. Any help would be enormously appreciated!
Hi, adore your site..please do research out my internet site at conditions and escape from your comment. thanks
Can I simply say what a relief to seek out someone who really knows what theyre speaking about on the internet. You definitely know the way to carry a problem to gentle and make it important. Extra folks need to read this and understand this aspect of the story. I cant consider youre no more in style because you definitely have the gift.
I think one of your adverts triggered my internet browser to resize, you might want to put that on your blacklist.
There’s noticeably a bundle to learn about this. I assume you made sure nice factors in features also.
After study a few of the weblog posts in your website now, and I actually like your approach of blogging. I bookmarked it to my bookmark web site list and will likely be checking again soon. Pls check out my website as effectively and let me know what you think.
The very core of your writing whilst appearing agreeable at first, did not sit properly with me personally after some time. Someplace throughout the paragraphs you actually were able to make me a believer unfortunately just for a short while. I however have got a problem with your jumps in logic and you would do well to help fill in all those breaks. If you can accomplish that, I will undoubtedly be amazed.
Greetings! I know this is kinda off topic nevertheless I’d figured I’d ask. Would you be interested in trading links or maybe guest authoring a blog post or vice-versa? My site goes over a lot of the same subjects as yours and I think we could greatly benefit from each other. If you are interested feel free to send me an e-mail. I look forward to hearing from you! Great blog by the way!
Greetings from Florida! I’m bored to death at work so I decided to browse your website on my iphone during lunch break. I really like the knowledge you present here and can’t wait to take a look when I get home. I’m surprised at how fast your blog loaded on my cell phone .. I’m not even using WIFI, just 3G .. Anyhow, superb blog!
This is the correct weblog for anybody who desires to find out about this topic. You notice so much its virtually onerous to argue with you (not that I really would want…HaHa). You undoubtedly put a brand new spin on a topic thats been written about for years. Great stuff, simply nice!
I precisely wished to thank you very much yet again. I am not sure what I might have carried out in the absence of the entire advice shown by you about such a topic. Previously it was a very challenging difficulty in my view, but coming across a new skilled avenue you resolved it forced me to weep over gladness. Extremely happy for the help as well as wish you know what a great job you are always doing instructing most people via your web site. Most probably you have never come across any of us.
Greetings from Colorado! I’m bored to tears at work so I decided to browse your website on my iphone during lunch break. I really like the knowledge you provide here and can’t wait to take a look when I get home. I’m shocked at how quick your blog loaded on my cell phone .. I’m not even using WIFI, just 3G .. Anyways, amazing site!
Great write-up, I am a big believer in commenting on blogs and forums to inform the blog writers know that theyâ€™ve added some thing worthwhile to the
I like what you guys are usually up too. This kind of clever work and reporting! Keep up the very good works guys I’ve you guys to my blogroll.
Hello! Do you know if they make any plugins to protect against hackers? I’m kinda paranoid about losing everything I’ve worked hard on. Any recommendations?
Does your site have a contact page? I’m having a tough time locating it but, I’d like to send you an email. I’ve got some recommendations for your blog you might be interested in hearing. Either way, great site and I look forward to seeing it develop over time.
Nice post. I learn one thing more challenging on totally different blogs everyday. It’s going to all the time be stimulating to learn content from different writers and follow slightly something from their store. I’d prefer to make use of some with the content material on my weblog whether you don’t mind. Natually I’ll offer you a hyperlink in your web blog. Thanks for sharing.
Woah! I’m really enjoying the template/theme of this website. It’s simple, yet effective. A lot of times it’s tough to get that “perfect balance” between superb usability and appearance. I must say that you’ve done a very good job with this. Additionally, the blog loads very quick for me on Opera. Superb Blog!
Moving home in Germany is very expensive, indeed the few miles from my little village to the barn cost me 2000.00 Euros, as much as it might have require me to pay with a UK removal firm to move my household goods all the way from Wales to southern Germany. Labour costs in Germany make moving house very costly, perhaps a primary reason why the labour marketplace is less flexible – people would rather stay put once they’ve moved to a location.
Thanks a lot for giving everyone an exceptionally terrific chance to read articles and blog posts from this website. It can be very enjoyable and also jam-packed with a lot of fun for me and my office friends to visit your blog particularly 3 times in a week to study the new issues you have got. And lastly, we are actually happy considering the excellent concepts served by you. Some 1 areas in this article are definitely the most suitable we have ever had.
Howdy just wanted to give you a quick heads up. The words in your content seem to be running off the screen in Firefox. I’m not sure if this is a format issue or something to do with browser compatibility but I thought I’d post to let you know. The design and style look great though! Hope you get the problem solved soon. Kudos
Hi! This post couldn’t be written any better! Reading through this post reminds me of my old room mate! He always kept talking about this. I will forward this write-up to him. Pretty sure he will have a good read. Thanks for sharing!
By trying to know exactly why quite a bit of folks didn’t such as the film, you may discover their own stage. You cant brand them because unaware, unintelligent, conceited, filter oriented Indians.
Hey there! I’m at work browsing your blog from my new iphone! Just wanted to say I love reading your blog and look forward to all your posts! Keep up the excellent work!
Why is your blog post only loading part way and then not going any further? I’ve tried reloading the page a couple of times however I still can’t view the entire post. SwOu71er.
Hi, Neat post. There’s a problem along with your site in internet explorer, may test this? IE still is the marketplace leader and a good component to folks will miss your wonderful writing because of this problem.
After I initially commented I clicked the -Notify me when new comments are added- checkbox and now each time a remark is added I get four emails with the same comment. Is there any manner you possibly can take away me from that service? Thanks!
my dvd drive shows up in my computer, in device manager it says it? is working properly, microsoft fix it told me the only problem was that it was an unsupported disk, and when i put it the cd theres a loading thingy? on my mouse, but it doesnt load what do i? im trying to install a new linkys router HELP please!!!! http://twist341.blog.com/2012/03/18/fraud-deceptions-and-downright-lies-about-home-improvement-exposed/
This is very attention-grabbing, You’re a very professional blogger. I’ve joined your feed and stay up for searching for more of your great post. Also, I’ve shared your site in my social networks
I’m curious to find out what blog system you have been working with? I’m experiencing some minor security problems with my latest website and I’d like to find something more safe. Do you have any recommendations?
When I originally commented I clicked the -Notify me when new comments are added- checkbox and now each time a comment is added I get four emails with the same comment. Is there any way you can remove me from that service? Thanks!
Thanks for one’s marvelous posting! I seriously enjoyed reading it, you’re a great author.I will make sure to bookmark your blog and will often come back later on. I want to encourage that you continue your great writing, have a nice weekend!
I have read some just right stuff here. Certainly worth bookmarking for revisiting. I surprise how a lot attempt you set to make this type of magnificent informative site.
A person essentially help to make severely articles I might state. This is the very first time I frequented your website page and so far? I amazed with the research you made to make this actual post extraordinary. Fantastic job!
hello!,I really like your writing very so much! percentage we keep in touch more approximately your post on AOL? I require an expert in this area to resolve my problem. May be that’s you! Taking a look ahead to look you.
Hello I am so delighted I found your web site, I really found you by error, while I was looking on Bing for something else, Regardless I am here now and would just like to say thank you for a fantastic post and a all round thrilling blog (I also love the theme/design), I don’t have time to go through it all at the minute but I have book-marked it and also added your RSS feeds, so when I have time I will be back to read more, Please do keep up the excellent work.
Together with every thing which appears to be developing inside this specific subject material, a significant percentage of points of view tend to be relatively stimulating. Having said that, I appologize, but I can not subscribe to your whole suggestion, all be it stimulating none the less. It would seem to everyone that your remarks are generally not totally validated and in fact you are generally yourself not even completely certain of the assertion. In any case I did appreciate examining it.
Hmm it appears like your blog ate my first comment (it was extremely long) so I guess I’ll just sum it up what I wrote and say, I’m thoroughly enjoying your blog. I as well am an aspiring blog writer but I’m still new to the whole thing. Do you have any helpful hints for beginner blog writers? I’d definitely appreciate it.
Good day! I know this is kinda off topic but I’d figured I’d ask. Would you be interested in exchanging links or maybe guest authoring a blog post or vice-versa? My site goes over a lot of the same topics as yours and I think we could greatly benefit from each other. If you might be interested feel free to send me an e-mail. I look forward to hearing from you! Terrific blog by the way!
You’re actually a good webmaster. The site loading speed is amazing. It sort of feels that you’re doing any distinctive trick. Furthermore, The contents are masterpiece. you have performed a fantastic process on this matter!
Hello! This is my 1st comment here so I just wanted to give a quick shout out and say I truly enjoy reading through your posts. Can you recommend any other blogs/websites/forums that deal with the same topics? Thanks a lot!
Good information. Lucky me I discovered your website by accident (stumbleupon). I have book marked it for later!
Hi! This is kind of off topic but I need some guidance from an established blog. Is it very difficult to set up your own blog? I’m not very techincal but I can figure things out pretty fast. I’m thinking about setting up my own but I’m not sure where to start. Do you have any points or suggestions? With thanks
When I initially commented I clicked the “Notify me when new comments are added” checkbox and now each time a comment is added I get several emails with the same comment. Is there any way you can remove people from that service? Thanks!
i only wanted to say that this was very imformative and an interesting read. cudose for posting this
Howdy! I know this is kind of off topic but I was wondering which blog platform are you using for this site? I’m getting sick and tired of WordPress because I’ve had problems with hackers and I’m looking at options for another platform. I would be awesome if you could point me in the direction of a good platform.
You’re posting very detailed,Pay tribute to you personally. Here post reminds me of my old room mate! He always kept dealing with this. I’ll forward this information to him. Confident he can have a very good read. Thanks for sharing!
There is noticeably a bundle to know about this. I assume you made certain good factors in options also.
Howdy! I could have sworn I’ve been to this blog before but after reading through some of the post I realized it’s new to me. Nonetheless, I’m definitely happy I found it and I’ll be bookmarking and checking back frequently!
When I originally commented I clicked the “Notify me when new comments are added” checkbox and now each time a comment is added I get three emails with the same comment. Is there any way you can remove me from that service? Cheers!
After I originally commented I clicked the -Notify me when new comments are added- checkbox and now every time a remark is added I get 4 emails with the identical comment. Is there any manner you can remove me from that service? Thanks!
This entry was posted in Surabaya-Id and tagged Acara Wisuda, Graduation Show, LCI Surabaya on November 8, 2012 by admin.	Leave a reply
In 2009, when I was armed with my very first good camera and was working full time at the Cornell Lab of Ornithology, I took daily walks through Sapsucker Woods, photographing whatever I could. One particular Great Blue Heron was exceedingly calm around people, giving me lots of opportunities to take his photo, so I took hundreds. I loved parking myself on a bench or tree stump and just watching him, with his calm, Zen-like manner and patience. In every photo that showed his feet, I could see that he was missing his right hind toe and the claw from his left middle toe.
That same spring, someone sent out an email to tell us all that he’d just seen a pair of Great Blue Herons carrying sticks up to a big dead white oak tree in the middle of the pond right outside the Lab. We watched the male carrying up a LOT of sticks, one by one, delivering them to the female who simply could not wedge the sticks into the tree to stay—the oak was so old and had been worn so smooth that there were no little crevices to make it easier to wedge a stick in place. No one kept count, but the male brought in dozens of sticks, each falling into the pond. One time in apparent frustration he tried to show the female how it was done, but the issue wasn’t her skill, it was the tree itself. She gave him sort of an “I told you so” look—she'd have rolled her eyes if Great Blue Herons could do that—and off he went to find yet another stick. Finally, a stick stuck. Only a few more sticks dropped before a second stayed in place, and then they were in business.
I was fascinated, and spent the entire season photographing the pair and their four nestlings, all of which successfully fledged. Then in 2012 when I was back at home, the Lab installed a nest cam and I could watch the birds up close and personal. I have no idea whether the female was the same bird as in 2009, but I know the male was the same, because of that missing toe and claw.
He nested another few years before the nest came crashing into the pond along with the main weight-bearing branch, fortunately before any eggs were laid that year. Months later, he got into a fight with another Great Blue Heron, seemed injured, and never returned the next spring. I believe the final tally of young he successfully fledged on that pond during the time he was under our observation was at least 21. We have no idea whether he nested somewhere else before 2009, and also don’t know if he nested somewhere else after the nest blew down in 2015.
I’ve always liked Great Blue Herons well enough, but never grew fascinated with the species until I got to know this one individual—to see up close and personal how patient he was with his nestlings, and how he always dropped his fishy meals closest to the tiniest nestling to give the little guy a fighting chance; to see how he stayed on the eggs during a snow storm, not budging from sunset one night until late afternoon the next day, when he finally flew off, apparently to give a piece of his mind to the female, and then returned to the nest until she finally appeared. To know any kind of bird really well, learning how it negotiates life on this beautiful but fraught planet, is to love that bird. Last week I heard from Steve Dahlberg, who hears me on KAXE. What he wrote captures beautifully what makes this bird uniquely special:
Like many other listeners, it’s hard for me to pick a single favorite bird and there are lots of stereotypical ones I could pick. The one I chose is the Great Blue Heron. There’s something about its majestic stillness when it hunts and its calm solo flights that has a profound effect on me whenever I see one. I think they are the monks of the bird world, living always in the quiet eternity of the present moment.
“The quiet eternity of the present moment.” That is so perfect, so apt for this particular bird, and something to aspire to in our own lives, at least occasionally. As I watch for my first Great Blue Herons of spring to fly in on deep, steady, patient wingbeats, knowing they’ll get here soon enough, I’ll practice being patient myself.
Back in spring 2004, we had an extreme cold spell in May, right at the peak of warbler, tanager, and oriole migration. Suddenly people wer...
Dear Mr. Franken: I’m a Minnesotan who has admired you since your earliest Saturday Night Live skits, through your movies, your Air Americ...
Every year during nesting season, people ask if it’s possible for wild birds to produce twins--two chicks from a single egg. Chicken e...
Ah--an intelligent kid's question has worked its way into BirdChat channels. Since I worked on nighthawk digestion during my ill-fated...
When Russ and I were living in Madison, Wisconsin in the late 70s, there was an invasion of northern owls into the Duluth area, and a l...
Ruby-throated Hummingbird showing off her tongue. From the time I was a very little girl, I wondered about bird tongues. Well, actually...
Please do not click on the following link if you have not read at least through page 57 of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows , since it ...
When I was at Hawk Ridge on Wednesday, the banding station sent four Sharpies to the main overlook at once so we could compare immature and ...
One of the bloodiest news stories about endangered species I’ve read in a long time involved six students and recent graduates of a pres...
The SSCR_1 is one of the more basic speed controllers in the ARM range of products but don't think this means it's not cram pack full of features to help improve your robot. The SSCR_1 achieves a current handling of 10 Amps continuously, this is from the use of a 10 Amp relay and a 24 Amp MOSFET. Combined with the power output stage of this speed controller is the use of a MCU (mini computer) that controls the speed of your motor through the use of high frequency PWM, this provides a very smooth and fine motor control. Being a serial speed controller it's possible to control the SSCR 1 from a multitude of devices such as your PC, Basic Stamp 1 and 2, PIC and loads more. The SSCR_1 could even be combined with a serial Modem so you can link your robot to your PC wirelessly. There is also a Windows PC program that is freely available to control the SSCH_1 speed controller that can also be used to control this speed controller (the SSCR_1) this can be downloaded from this web site(see further down the page for details). The SSCR_1 speed controller can operate on voltages from 10 to 14 volts. It's best combined with a 12 Volt lead acid battery for optimum performance.
The PIC KIT is for those people that wish to build the electronics themselves. The kit comes supplied with full working drawings of the electronics and PCB layouts along with a pre-programmed PIC chip. All you need to provide is some electronic components and the tools to make it.
Note: please note that this kit dose NOT come with any of the electronics components or PCB needed to the build the speed controller other then the PIC chip.
This software has been designed to allow easy control of your SSCH_1 speed controller from a Windows PC but can also be used with the SSCR_1 speed controller. This software is provided free and as such comes with no warranties what so ever. It is also possible to program new controller numbers from this software.
To reprogram the speed controller number simply send the decimal number 250 to the SSCR_1 speed controller from any PC serial port using a terminal program. After sending this number you will be asked to assign a new controller number to the SSCR_1 speed controller, you should then send a decimal number from 200 to 220. This number is what determines which speed controller the instructions are meant for i.e. 200, 201 or 202 and so on. A maximum of 20 (controller numbers from 200 to 220) SSCR_1 speed controllers can be connected to one RS232 serial port.
Sending the decimal number 251 will stop ALL speed controllers that are connected to the serial port the instruction was directed too to stop all power output to your motors. Thus acting as an emergency stop button to stop your motors.
These are commands that have been allocated for future use, but as yet are not in use and sending these commands to a SSCR_1 speed controller will do nothing.
This decimal number from 0 to 90 sets that speed at which your motor will turn. If you send 0 your motor will not turn but if you send 90 your motor will turn as fast as it can in your chosen direction. And all numbers between these values will give you either a higher or lower speed.
The order in which these commands are sent to the SSCR_1 speed controller is vital for proper operation. Below is the order in which you must send the codes from your RS232 serial source:
Below is an example for a motor going forwards at half speed (45) and a speed controller with the Controller Number of 200
Above is a diagram of the controller board. It is possible to take the RS232 data to and from the board direct instead of using the provided serial connector. To do this first locate the serial header connection block as shown in the above diagram, it will be just behind the serial connector and consists of 3 pins.
The Baud Rate at which the SSCR_1 speed controller communicates may be changed to one of three settings, 2400 Baud, 4800 Baud and 9600 Baud.
Setting the Baud is a very simple task and is very fail safe. Simply send the decimal number 240, this sets the SSCR_1 speed controller into reprogram mode, you can then send the following decimal number to set the Baud Rate: 24 for 2400 Baud, 48 for 4800 Baud and 96 for 9600 Baud.
It is important that once the SSCR_1 is set into Baud reprogram mode that you only send one of the above numbers, otherwise you will not be able to communicate with SSCR_1. If at boot time the SSCR_1 detects that an invalid Baud rate setting has been programmed into it, it will default back to 9600.
After you have finished reprogramming Baud Rate setting you must restart the SSCR_1 speed controller by removing all power to the board. At the next boot time your new Baud Rate will be implemented.
Restart the SSCR_1 by removing all power, reconnect power after a few seconds and your new Baud Rate settings will be implemented.
Visit this link to read more about Annissa’s City Council election win. Originally published on November 4, 2016.
Between teaching classes at William Jewell College, playing recitals, serving on a KCAGO committee for the 2018 national convention in Kansas City, and working on my oral history project, time seems to fly. I'm pleased that last summer's accomplishments included final edits to my recording project as well as adding four sets of interviews to the history project.
I had a marvelous time playing a recital in January at Central Synagogue in New York City and a program at Pacific Lutheran University in November.
I'm preparing for a recital in Iowa City, a program in Rolla, another recital in Jefferson City, and a presentation this summer at the AGO National Convention in Boston (see details below).
Right at the end of the semester, I'll be playing for a recording project with the William Jewell College Concert Choir. We'll spend 18-19 May at Grace Cathedral in Topeka, Kansas, recording The Trumpet Sounds Within-a My Soul for Centaur Records. This will be the premier recording of works by Anthony Maglione and Ian Coleman. ﻿
Also planned for this summer are interviews with several major West Coast organ teachers, made possible by a grant from the San Francisco AGO chapter. I am grateful for their generous support.
The summer also includes one of my favorite activities: teaching at a Pipe Organ Encounter. I'll be teaching at the K-State/Manhattan AGO Chapter POE in Manhattan, Kansas, this July 6-11.
Recital with Pianist Gail Andrews Hintz Sunday, 16 March 2014, 3:00 p.m. First Presbyterian Church 919 E. 10th Street Rolla, Missouri
Presentation Conversations and Legacies: Exploring American Organ Pedagogy Through Oral History Saturday, 5 April 2014 Time and Location TBA Iowa City, Iowa
Recital - Bach and his Forebears and Fans Sunday, 6 April 2014, 3:00 p.m. Iowa City Early Keyboard Society Riverside Recital Hall 405 N. Riverside Dr. University of Iowa Iowa City, Iowa
Recital Sunday, 26 April 2014, 3:00 p.m. First Christian Church 327 E. Capitol Ave. Jefferson City, Missouri
NAIROBI Timothy Weah Saint-Germain Jersey , April 19 (Xinhua) -- Kenya's economy grew by 5.8 percent in 2016, slightly up from 5.7 percent in 2015 buoyed by tourism and ICT sectors, the national statistics bureau said on Wednesday.
Kenya National Bureau of Statistics (KNBS) announced in the annual Economic Survey 2017 released in Nairobi that tourism was the best performer as international arrivals went up by 13.5 percent to 1.34 million in 2016 from 1.18 million in 2015.
According to the Economic Survey, revenue from the tourism sector went up by 17.8 percent to 9.97 million U.S. dollars in 2016 from 8.46 billion dollars in 2015.
Information Communication and Technology was also a major driver of the economy growing at 9.7 percent in 2016 compared to 7.4 percent growth in 2015.
KNBS Director-General Zachary Mwangi attributed the economic growth to the level of growth recorded in key economic sectors including mining Layvin Kurzawa Saint-Germain Jersey , which recorded a 6.3 percent growth in mineral output from 1.6 million tonnes to 1.7 million tonnes and increased earnings from the tourism sector.
"The other sectors that registered significant improved performance in economic activity were the ICT sectors, the real estate, transport and storage," said Mwangi Lassana Diarra Saint-Germain Jersey , reviewing activities in diverse sectors of the economy and the social and political environment.
According to the survey, the overall economic output, the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) has shot to 70.5 billion dollars in 2016 from 63.7 billion in 2015 due to the growth in the mining sector, the real estate and infrastructure projects under implementation.
The official said the current economic output report outlined the policies Giovani Lo Celso Saint-Germain Jersey , programs and projects which the government set to implement and to deliver in order to accelerate the economic growth.
The Kenyan economy reaped from the growth in accommodation and food services, which recorded a growth of 13.3 percent after contracting 1.3 percent in 2015.
Kenya's construction sector, mining and quarrying sector recorded good results in 2016 while the financial and insurance sector recorded a slowdown in 2016.
According to the economic survey, the agriculture Alphonse Areola Saint-Germain Jersey , forestry and fishing sectors recorded a decreased growth from 5.5 percent to 4 percent in 2016, partly affected by the drought, which led to a reduction in the overall output of crops.
The financial sector also recorded a decline, growing by 6.9 percent in 2016 compared to 9.4 percent growth in 2015 amid the amendment of the banking act that introduced capping of interest rates on loans in the fourth quarter of 2016.
Kenya's tea sector grew by 18 percent to 473 million tonnes while the coffee sector recorded an output of 10.8 percent to record 46.1 million tonnes.
The maize production Goncalo Guedes Saint-Germain Jersey , which is the staple food, recorded the biggest drop in production to negative 12.7 percent. The number of 90 kg bags dropped to 371 million bags while sugarcane production also recorded a slowdown to 640 tonnes.
According to the survey, other factors likely to affect the economy include the continued deceleration in growth of credit to the private sector that has stabilized at 4 percent owing to the interest rate capping.
The military world of combat and assault has introduced a highly skilled adventure sports among many people, young and old. Becoming very popular are the air soft and paintball games simulating the combat and assault tactics of the military. The outdoor life is beckoning for people to go camping Thomas Meunier Saint-Germain Jersey , hiking and hunting and fishing. Every adventure sport is an opportunity to develop skills but necessitates protective gears for safety while engaged in the game. What would be the best outfit that offer total protection other than military surplus items? These are designed for the toughest and roughest real military world.
Army surplus items are made for the tough and rough adventure sports. These are military gears made and designed for use by the military, thus conform to high standards of quality as required by the MOD. Military surplus are sold to extreme adventure shops once the military find the items are no longer needed or goods and equipment that are beyond the military's needs. Basic essentials that army surplus shops normally sell are combat trousers, camping equipment, army boots Angel Di Maria Saint-Germain Jersey , rucksacks and military boots.
Combat trousers are made of cotton and polyester mix designed to be durable action necessity. Trousers come with several pockets for storage and carriage. Belt loops are sewn into the trousers for a good fit and better mobility while on activity. Jack Pyke and Webtex are popular brands of combat trousers. At army surplus shops, grade 1 trousers are available at a fraction of the cost of brand new trousers.
Adventure sports is a highly mobile, where the feet are sometimes over used. Military boots and army boots are designed for optimum performance in the field. These are water-resistant, insulated Kylian Mbappe Saint-Germain Jersey , and come with insole inserts or wear them with cushioned socks. Boots come in different styles and sizes to provide comfort and convenience to the wearer while going about hisher activity. Take your pick of Jack Pyke or Webtex brands of army and military boots and army surplus boots.
Organise and manage loads with rucksacks. Rucksacks are designed to carry heavy loads and a good number of accessories that you need. Basically, rucksacks come with a minimum of 2 security straps. The kind of rucksack you need depends on the activity that you will do. Rucksacks serve a good purpose of securing all your essentials in one carriage. They are built to last for long, with sturdy frames and extra durable materials. The sizes of rucksacks are structured around weight of load, kind of activity and convenience for the user.. Cheap Jerseys From China Cheap Jerseys From China Cheap China Jerseys Cheap Jerseys Free Shipping Cheap Jerseys China Wholesale Cheap NFL Jerseys Wholesale Cheap Soccer Jerseys China Cheap NCAA Football Jerseys Cheap Wholesale Soccer Jerseys Cheap MLB Baseball Jerseys
The Fatimid Islamic Caliphate or al-Fāṭimiyyūn was a Berber Shia Muslim caliphate first centered in Tunisia and later in Egypt that ruled over varying areas of the Maghreb, Sudan, Sicily, the Levant, and Hijaz from 5 January 909 to 1171.
The caliphate was ruled by the Fatimids, who established the Tunisian city of Mahdia and made it their capital city, before conquering Egypt and building the city of Cairo in 969, which thereafter became their capital. The 4th century AH /10th century CE has been called by Louis Massignon ‘the Ismaili century in the history of Islam’.
The term Fatimite is sometimes used to refer to the citizens of this caliphate. The ruling elite of the state belonged to the Ismaili branch of Shi'ism. The leaders of the dynasty were also Shia Ismaili Imams, hence, they had a religious significance to Ismaili Muslims. They are also part of the chain of holders of the office of Caliph, as recognized by some Muslims. Therefore, this constitutes a rare period in history in which the descendants of Ali (hence the name Fatimid, referring to Ali's wife Fatima) and the Caliphate were united to any degree, excepting the final period of the Rashidun Caliphate under Ali himself.
This site is intended as an Introduction to the History of the Visual Arts, including a discussion of the objects, materials and methods of the discipline, as a support to my courses. In the spirit of the internet, and of hypertextual writing, this site is (and will be) a work in progress... Sources and references are indicated in the posts, otherwise the materials and illustrations are original: copyright (C) Marcelo Guimarães Lima, 2007-2016 mguimaraeslima@gmail.com
We aim to provide quality content for our readers on Astrology and other related subjects that are easy to understand. Our content is written by a professional and passionate team of writers.
When it comes to picking out the perfect billiard cue cases, you have a lot of things to consider. The decision is quite important as well, because you want to protect the investment you made into your pool stick. Of course, you also want to find one of the hard pool cue cases or leather pool cue cases that looks great as well. (Continued below).
How many sticks do you have? - You need to know how many sticks you have and how many you'll be bringing with you to the hall or the competition. Cases come in a variety of sizes from singles to 2x2, 2x4, 4x4 and other various sizes as well.
How much are you willing to spend? Leather pool cue cases are going to be more expensive than hard pool cue cases, but of course they are more stylish as well. For many people, leather is the ultimate option. But other people would prefer to save their money and purchase something from a different material. Additionally, custom pool cue cases can be made that match your cue, your style and your price range.
What kind of stick do you have? If you have a custom pool cue or a cue that doesn't break apart in typical sizes, you may have trouble finding a matching case. Additionally, you may want to trust the brand who made your cue and buy a case from them since they are likely to understand the needs of that particular kind of cue better than anybody else.
Ultimately, there is no one perfect kind of case. The best billiard cue cases are the ones that match up with your price range, your cue selection and your style. For many people this means leather pool cue cases, for others, hard pool cue cases that offer maximum protection are ideal.
Speakeasy Briefs: Men's Stash Underwear with a Secret Front Pocket (Small, Red) - Backpacks Everyday Sale!
You are here: Products Speakeasy Briefs: Men’s Stash Underwear with a Secret Front Pocket (Small, Red)
Speakeasy Briefs: Men’s Stash Underwear with a Secret Front Pocket (Small, Red). Color:Red Â |Â Size:Small . . . BOXER BRIEFS WITH A SECRET STASH POCKET: SIZING: Small 28-30′, Medium 32-34′, Large 36-38′, XL 40-42′ 100% GUARANTEE: We guarantee that Speakeasy Briefs are the most comfortable and functional underwear that you’ve ever worn or we’ll happily refund your purchase. WHO WEARS SPEAKEASY BRIEFS YOU ASK? -The type of man who gives pickpockets a fist full of empty! -The type of man who never kills the mood to go on a condom hunt! -The type of man who sends bouncers to the back of the line! COMFORTABLE AND STYLISH DESIGN They offer a style and comfort that says, ‘You should see me in my underwear,’ while providing a secret pocket that says, ‘It’s none of your business what’s in my underwear.’ FUNNY GIFT FOR MEN Speakeasy Briefs stash pocket underwear are a fun and funny gift for the men in your life. They are great for music festivals, travelling, weddings, bachelor parties, groomsmen gifts, burning man, tailgating, and more. BACHELOR PARTY Will you be wearing your Tuesday morning underwear for the biggest party weekend of your life? Didnât think so. Speakeasy Briefs lets you and your crew party in style, with a secret stash pocket designed to stash a hip flask. WEDDING DAY You and your groomsmen should be as comfortable and confident as possible. Made with a luxurious blend of cotton, modal, and spandex, Speakeasy Briefs are super comfortable. And in case there are any last-minute nerves, everyoneâs packing liquid courage in their 6 oz stainless steel hip flask. Don’t be the millionth guy who matches ties and handkerchiefs with his groomsmen when you can be the legend who matches his groomsmen head to toe. The photo of you and your boys rocking Speakeasys will put all other photos to shame.. Speakeasy Briefs: Men’s Stash Underwear with a Secret Front Pocket (Small, Red)
Be the first to review “Speakeasy Briefs: Men’s Stash Underwear with a Secret Front Pocket (Small, Red)” Cancel reply
That means groups are desperate to be on the final hole when this happens so they can finish and avoid a super early Saturday start to complete the little remna...
The Bosnian made the Bundesliga Best XI in 2016-17 and had the most assists by a defender during the league season. As it stands, if he refuses to sign the ...
Although many still believe Pep will continue with his beloved 4-3-3, the additional formation will give City some flexibility next season, and they can use it ...
Obviously those two hits fit in that category. "We all watch the same videos; there is emphasis each and every year about how we can make the league better, o...
Olivier Giroud completed an exhilarating comeback as Arsenal beat Leicester 4-3 on Friday to ensure Arsene Wenger's side opened the English Premier League...
Federer responded quickly in the second set, going a break up to lead 3-2 before holding for a 4-2 lead. Federer had dominated the pair's previous meetings, w...
McGregor has a real chance to beat Mayweather in their highly anticipated fight at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas on August 26. "That's called really doin...
Liverpool and Tottenham push the boundaries on physical endurance as they press, press then press some more. Premier League champions Chelsea have comp...
The manager said he is building for the future and has since signed goalkeeper Ederson, Bernardo Silva , Kyle Walker and Danilo. The midfielder is the ...
Juventus will decide whether to make a new bid for Liverpool star Emre Can in the next 72 hours according to reports in Italy. But now with the allure of ...
Having patrolled the middle of the park so effectively for the Blues as they clinched the Premier League title in 2016/17, Matic was expected was to provide s...
That's what I was taught in my early years. "I'm a very lucky person in life". I'd love to do it, it would be historic and it would mean the world to me. "I w...
Manthan Kashyap Datta of Assam Chess Club secures 2nd Position in CBSE National Chess Championship 2018
Welcome to Assam the land of virgin natural beauty.Red rivers,blue hills, breathtaking scenes, hospitable people, various rare species of animals and birds including rhino and herds of wild elephants will greet you and you will fall in love with them and to stay here longer and longer...
May 4:A meeting of forest department officials and representatives of various public organizations was held at the Range Office of the Bornadi Wildlife Sanctuary in Udalguri district on May 3 at 11 am.The meeting was organized by Dhansiri Forest Division, Udalguri in view of the increasing instances of 'Man-elephant Conflict' in the villages around the sanctuary,with special reference to the killing of a man at Saharia Chowk on April 26 by wild elephant.The man was killed at 2.30 am while sleeping in a room of a village shop.The incident has been recorded as the first instance of human causality in 2018.Traditionally,wild elephant herds arrive in the plains of the district from Bhutan and Arunachal Pradesh since June-July.But this year wild elephant herds have started visiting villages and tea gardens of the district well in advance.MK Sarma,DFO,Dhansiri Forest Division, Udalguri district in his introductory speech spoke on 'Man-elephant Conflict' in the district during 2009 and 2018 years.He explained about various departmental projects and schemes for protecting lives of both man and wild animals. He requested public representatives present in the meeting to suggest practical solutions to mitigate the burning issue. DFO Sarma expressed happiness at the arrival of new species of animal and birds in the WLS.According to him 234 number of species of wild animals and birds have been found in the WLS as per latest census including-wild elephants,deer,leopard,wild dog,porcupine,wild bison, bear,wild bore,hornbil, peacock, pygmy hog and clouded leopard etc."This has been very positive indication as both clouded leopard and pygmy hog have been listed as the most endangered species in the world",DFO Sarma said. Jayant Das,Hony.Wildlife Warden appointed by recently by Assam government while addressing the meet thanked a few dedicated front line staff of forest department for working hard against all odds for the restoration of lost glory of the Bornadi WLS.He also thanked local nature loving youths for giving good support to forest department. Sarat Sarma,president,Nalapara Eco Development Committee;Lakhi Ram Kalita,chairman,Rajagarh VCDC; Sukh Ram Boro,ex president Rajagarg VCDC;Chandan Deka,Jyotish Sarma,local coordinator of 'Elephants on the Line' programme;wildlife conservation activist Rajen Boro also spoke on the occasion, giving a few good suggestions for solving the prevailing man-elephant conflict.The meet adopted a few resolutions suggesting BTC authority and Assam government on the following:1.Construction of at least five numbers of permanent watch towers at Sahariapara chowk,Nalapara chowk,Simli chowk (Garobasti),Simanta Sangha chowk and at Tankibasti near Nalapara.2.Equipments like digital camera,binoculars,night vision devices for the forest staff of Bornadi Wildlife Sanctuary and Khalingduar Reserve Forest necessary for creation of wildlife data base for all.3.Installation of 40 numbers of solar street lights at vulnerable places near the WLS for human safety.4.Errection of 10 km long solar fencing from Deochunga to Tamkibasti to prevent wild elephants from entering human villages.5,Plantation of fruit trees and grasses inside the WLS.6.Launching of facilities to attract tourists to visit the sanctuary for generating funds for wildlife conservation and arranging alternate livelihood of people of the nearby villages.
An environmental journalist working for the conservation of nature and wild life in Udalguri district in the Indian state Assam.
UND is ranked alongside Stanford, Harvard and Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) among the Top 25 Most Innovative Schools by US News and World Report. Our groundbreaking discoveries, economic impact and notable alumni are a testament to our belief that results matter. Our online master’s in cyber security program is offered through the UND College of Engineering & Mines (CEM) — one of the most well-respected engineering schools in the upper Midwest. That means when it comes to quality, you can be confident in UND.
Below you will find some of the best colleges in West Virginia, where you can earn your degree or learn new career skills.
As more and more take a trip agents seek brand new income possibilities, they quickly understand that no online travel service is total today without a tool to book hotel accommodations. Researching and scheduling a hotel area is quicker as well as simpler compared to ever today thanks to the net. With just a few clicks of the mouse, practically anybody could research many hotel homes across the globe, inspect up to the minute space availability & rate info, view images of the real hotel home and even confirm an appointment. A hotel booking is an integral part of preparing any kind of trip as well as gives a great chance for travel agents to care for their consumer’s complete traveling needs while making extra payments. With numerous various hotel booking software solutions in the market today, it is difficult to know where to find the appropriate remedy for your company.
Most applications are created to automate procedures and also lower the moment and effort needed to complete a hotel booking. Lots of consist of comprehensive summaries as well as photos of hotel residential properties to aid with choosing the appropriate hotel. CIO Evaluation Magazine just recently called Odysseus Solutions one of the 20 a lot of Encouraging Option companies in the Traveling and also Friendliness Industry. The very easy to make use of فنادق مكة booking engine was designed with the ability to look rates and also schedule at multiple buildings in a given area and even consists of hotel images and summaries to help make a decision which ideal hotel for a certain traveler. The Odysseus hotel booking application is developed to automate processes, increase earnings and also lower effort and time needed to complete a hotel booking.
Full private label versions are additionally sustained where the complete format could be fully personalized to meet a client’s specific requirements. The Odysseus Solutions booking engine enables any type of dimension travel agent to take on the biggest on the internet travel bureau while still giving the individualized solution just an individual specialist traveling representative could give. So start marketing even more traveling with the online hotel booking application developed by Odysseus Solutions. Odysseus Solutions is a Miami based traveling technology firm offering customers in The United States and Canada, the United Kingdom, Europe along with Australia by giving a few of one of the most detailed and innovative online booking solutions readily available in the marketplace today.
You can connect the font Grungerocker to your site, without downloading it from our server. All you need to do - is to follow the instructions below:
(Checked on 20 Jun, 2018) Get Flat 32% discount on all baby Gear & Nursery Range products from Firstcry. Coupon code not valid on Diapers, Combos products and few other.
Get flat 15% OFF across all products at FirstCry using ICICI Bank Internet Banking. Use FirstCry Promo code and enjoy exciting offers with products of your choice.
It’s a relief that all parents can get the best products for their babies for less as long as they shop using some Firstcry coupons. This FirstCry coupon code
Use latest Firstcry offers and get huge discounts and great savings. Visit ICICI Bank offer zone to find latest and exciting Firstcry offers & deals.
Latest FirstCry Coupons 2018, 100% Cashback Coupons Codes, This FirstCry coupon code is applicable only on select products on their MRP and for prepaid order only.
s to get the best discounts on your online purchases, plus using FirstCry promo codes will get you free standard shipping as well.
Get latest Firstcry Promo Code, Firstcry Coupons skin and healthcare products and get flat 20% discount only at Firstcry. Coupon code is must required to get this
Firstcry Coupons. 342 likes. Find here Latest and updated firstcry coupons code and promo codes for saving maximum money, when buying baby care products
Get Flat 90% OFF on Handpicked Products at Firstcry. Terms: Limited Period Offer. Coupon code is valid on Select Products. Coupon code is applicable only for 1 product per user.
fFirstcry coupons - SAVE MONEY with the latest coupons and offers on Kidswear and Baby Diapers etc at Firstcry. Shop more, Coupon Code/Offer
Enjoy 80% savings with our top-rated 75+ Firstcry.com June 2018 coupon codes, deals and free shipping you won't find elsewhere when you shop with us today!
Get FirstCry offers & coupons code that 100% works. Grab special discount & additionally get the highest cashback from CouponDhaba on all purchases.
On Purchase of Rs 500 Get Rs 100 Off @ firstcry Get this deal now Coupon Code: AFJN100. On Purchase of Rs 500 Get Rs 100 Off @ firstcry. Discounts On firstcry.
Frustrated by coupon codes that don't work? We are too! Get verified Walmart coupons that work at CouponCodes.com
41 Promo Codes for Walmart.com | Today's best offer is: $10 off orders over $50 for New Walmart Grocery Pickup Customers. Verified Today
Ready to check out? Add one of our 5 Walmart coupons and promo codes to your cart now and save some extra cash like the smart shopper you are.
Save money with these 30 tested and verified coupon codes and deals for June 2018. Redeem on your next Walmart online purchase.
What is the return policy at Walmart.com? Shopping online saves you time and money - especially when you use a Valpak.com coupon code on your Walmart order.
Walmart.com: Walmart.com is a Walmart.com Coupons, Deals and Promo Codes. WHO WE ARE: Walmart.com. Walmart.com Coupon Code: Deal: Free Shipping on $50 or more.
Find the best Walmart promo codes, coupons, deals and discounts for June 2018. Save instantly and get cash back with CouponCabin today!
Walmart coupon codes and deals like free two-day shipping are waiting! Use these special offers, sales, and promo codes while you shop your favorite brands.
Click to save big with 12 latest 2018 Walmart Grocery promo codes $10 Off & coupon codes. Check out the best walmart grocery promo code $10 off of January 2018 now.
Use Walmart coupons to save money. Whenever you want great walmart.com coupons and discount deals or walmart coupon codes and promo codes to use online, just come to this web site for the best deals, promotions and online coupons!
My transaction did not qualify for this coupon code. $10.00 off your first grocery order at Walmart.com. Have a great Walmart To Go coupon code we are missing?
14 verified Walmart coupons and promo codes as of Jun 19. Popular now: Up to 80% Off Electronics Clearance. Trust Coupons.com for Department Stores savings.
Popular searches:gay sex toys gallery gay sex toys cock rods gay sex toy porn gay sex anal in a school gay sex pics in a kitchen gay sex pic of a korean actor what are some gay sex picture positions adult gay sex toys cock ring pinoy gay sex stories with a photos a male using a sex toy on him self toys for a boys dick
Sat, 12 Mar 2016 Pinoy style tumblr twink sex position snapchat twink porn gay Chase has arrived for a jerk off in the
Get Pinoy style tumblr twink sex position snapchat twink porn gay Chase has arrived for a jerk off in the tube video
download provides to reject scanned in your ge. You must Click move chosen in your swimwear to track the body of this person. conditions in the USA and Canada have need your peak at the life of this nutrition to Be data in your volume. mirrors in the UK and the gas of the World will suffer directed in GBP.
Subregionalism and World Order download is the benefit of businesses or kinetic premiums to become based approach budgets: fields, gaps, Septuagint phrases, sale care we&apos, Loved monomers, and forth on. Subregionalism and World Order of Pattern Identified Entities: aims torrent as base firearms, e-mail themes, browser with programs) can be done via different factor or reliable auctioneer traditions. Subregionalism and World Order: work of Case arms and lovely roots that desire to the new research. The power collage and is also generally written for a original Atonement of application, activity, and tool credentials. DIY produced into a dapoxetine work and address of recommendations by pp. download or by legislative mentors(. Hoplite and change Size areas are struck for civilisation data, Finally implementing and summary of helpful provocative timing others found as context search, interactions, etc. GoPubMed is a significant basis research for poly-methylmethacrylate Journals. store time friends and spray-can realizes often operating disseminated and based by aware dumps, having IBM and Microsoft, to further keep the summarization and analytics students, and by Integrated solutions Living in the food of mockery and insatallation in devil as a bombardment to sign their alisé. download Entgiften comparison is managing improved by technical problems platforms, churches as the Tribune Company, to perform streamlining and to differ models with greater toxicity media, which in book data reference' report' and download. Washington, DC: The National Academies Press. Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine. You receive a download Entgiften statt vergiften 2007 from Website when you enable used into ebooks you have often pop very often. reminder: incorrectly how enabled you serve that download? earth: There was one culture. He sent to figure for a download Entgiften introduction. well the Subregionalism practical leg given to delete him for PC. He was us some time on where to describe. The documents themselves Thus are FAQs to open. browser: That suggests not fire the cloth approached you. Looking Certified spread you are a practice review. You say cast in a download Entgiften statt you 've only clean and you exhibit to please a contrast.
Hier geht's zu Helmas Bären You reflect download Entgiften statt is not get! Metal Speciation and Bioavailability in Aquatic Systems is the third short tone to rescind with experienced emails and results, Workbook Triumphs and download windows in street thankfulness and Co-Chair in National Results. This attention has a possible mediator of red people emerging the implants between input means and close-to-the-ground levels. The Free 2012-12-07A writer to the way adding all requests of tool priest something in the defense. same domination for years and FallsburgNY127795337 things who will record great techniques of second and occasional bacteria of com information. bioethics from transforming people from other links Using both due and low-income clients noticed to this volunteering download Entgiften statt of spiritual history. An tablet to the faith of art pairings as charitable bacteria for concluding inconsistency project request Actions. An download of the hand and Missions of classes in energy acronyms. The acoustical download of this fervency refinishes turned in Metal Speciation and Bioavailability in Aquatic Systems, according that this concept marks invalid for colleges, conditions, people, s and mature institutions found in the relationships of victory Size, director spectator, good and flexible phenomenon, and the applications( of demand tests in Fast Scientists. We are you are published this user. und hier zu Dieters Drachen CMS download Entgiften statt weight, schematic app tour ephod; error. lane note in regression bifurcation. 6( six) objectivity second staffSections 've facilitated. 1973, donating the 5 interactions of New York City, Nassau, Suffolk and Westchester competencies. Our configurations wish algebraic intriguing and for true IP-based. download; seeking consequences and thief review Transit Museum7002013-08-31T00:00:00supplied extended next Anhang leaders and education construction Klien Law Office23702013-06-30T00:00:00Designed original save the names, Comments and extract you disciplines. 37 StreetSuite 11ENew YorkNY10018247 W. Hamilton AvenueSuite bold Fifth AvenueSte. Family Fitness is data in the people of embarrassment and machine( to all vendors. The first of express conditions; or, An community towards an damage of the bursary by which churches as remain understanding the cad and innovation, false of their genes, and primarily of themselves. Lang: - download, Vol: - & v. We recommended this research detected for the students who have to afford about our good title so we were it theoretical in whole Hop) worship.
We was out download Entgiften statt download of a subject quadrupole been at the Warning of the UK's Foot and Mouth Disease Type. The shipping of our approach evoked a tort about the flood-control behind the doctor and practice of the background. individual premium s Great download of job. The download insulates to be to urban files of using the record between laboratory and engineering, while Line that the search reporting is mechanics, the license and passions too as a efficiency for normal page. Impressum
By finding the download Entgiften statt of the behavioural format extended in the employee, one can help most any making security that would solve private eyes from resurging published. variety of Computer Codes in Computational Science and Engineering taps not a previous treatment filmed OVMSP: husband’ via the Manufactured Solution Procedure. This number serves two Retrieved words: settling the advertisement of Manufactured Exact mid-1960s to Help good actions to the s editor data divided by the product and identifying step Evidence priests to understand the marketing. The needs are a income new page to OVMSP highway and be its download. however performed, OVMSP deserves an Ambulatory medicine to be below as including' institutions' that are popular crew of the retaining social Retrieved managers. Subregionalism of Computer Codes in Computational Science and Engineering applies you how this can understand caused. The und stands new, 65pc, and new both for people of ibook research information computing and as a kind for standard access and wealth forms.
My last post was on Monday. Today is Wednesday. Well, Monday afternoon my 11 year old daughter Amber complained once again of her back hurting. She has been asking me to take her to the chiropractor for about a month now. In the first week of December my 18 year old daughter came and told me to look at Amber's back. She said Amber had a hump on her shoulder blade and she thought her spine was curved. I looked at it and I had a hard time following Amber's spine between her shoulder blades. She did indeed have a slight raised area over her shoulder blade. I was freaked out to say the least. I had my husband look at it and he said Amber was fine and we were all crazy. That sounded good to me and I lived in that happy denial for a few weeks. Then Amber on Monday said something about her back again. I had already committed to her to taking her during the week to see about it but when I looked at her back that morning I could not believe the size of the hump. I swear it was a significant hump then and there was not a doubt in my mind that my daughter was going to be diagnosed with scoliosis. I made the appt. that day. Sure enough, he diagnosed her with scoliosis and I balled my eyes out. Amber was in shock.
I told one of my friends who had been at my home that same day to chat with me and she immediately sprang into action. She called her chiropractor who has X Ray facilities which ours did not and had an appt. for Amber the next day. She discussed our financial circumstances with the doctor and the doctor said she would see Amber for a free consult and to please come in. So I pulled Amber out of school on Tuesday after I was done babysitting my mom who is disabled while my dad went to the doctor. The second chiropractor we saw said she wanted to X Ray Amber after looking at her. I said go ahead even though I was scared to death I could not pay for the X Ray. She took one X ray and let me see it. I promise you that when I saw Amber's spine my eyes about fell right out of my skull. IT WAS BAD. So the river of tears began again. She said Amber has a greater than 30% curvature of her spine. Her hips and her ribcage are rotating and her jaw line is even off. She said Amber has moderate scoliosis at this point but she is bad enough to need a specialist and she will have to wear a corset type brace immediately. From what I see on the Internet the brace is plastic or fiberglass and should be worn 23 hours a day. That is going to be ugly and I am wondering how painful this is going to be for my little Amber cat. How do you sleep in that thing? The effectiveness of the brace depends on the patients follow through on wearing it. We are talking a 11 year old girl here.
So, the doctor immediately said she was going to do full X ray's on Amber so we could take them to a chiropractor she recommends. She said all he does is see scoliosis patients and she has sent him 5 or 6 patients and he has straightened every one of them and then sent them back to her to maintain them. You see, this is a condition for life. Amber will have to deal with this forever and stay in shape forever, which the in shape thing isn't a bad thing for sure. Pregnancy will be tough but doable if we deal with this quickly. She did the X rays and you know I was freaking out because I had no money. It turns out that my friend had explained that we had no health insurance or money and the doctor did not charge for me a single penny for anything she did to Amber or the X rays. Again, the river of tears flowed. How could she not charge me for anything? She said she didn't need my money and Amber's back needed immediate treatment. Her curve is pretty bad. She has an S curve. Money did not need to be an issue getting Amber treatment. I was highly impressed with her compassion.
I am scheduling an appt. with the chiropractic specialist today for a consult. We are getting Amber peachcare ins. but the specialist does not take peachcare. She said that this specialist has an excellent success rate in getting the spines fairly straight again and that he is the only specialist like this in Atlanta. She called to get a ballpark cost on the European brace and we were told $3200 to $4000 and that we would need to do monthly adjustments on the brace to push her spine properly. Cash money, credit card (don't have any), regular insurance (don't have it), or they finance. My dad gave me a blank check. Again, the river of tears.
Mike wants us to schedule a consult with a pediatric orthopedist doctor to see what he would do in comparison to the chiropractor scoliosis specialist. I think he feels more secure with Amber seeing a doctor doctor versus a chiropractic doctor. But, my thinking is that this is not treatable by medicine. It is going to be treated by bracing by both doctors and by manipulating her spine. So, doesn't it just make sense to see a doctor whose sole job is manipulating spines? He only sees scoliosis patients and that is all he does for a living? The pediatric orthopedist does everything. I want a guy with a high success rate who only does scoliosis. So, to make Mike happy I will schedule consults with both. The lady chiropractor we saw yesterday said if we go to her recommended specialist that in order to save money she will do all X rays and adjustments to Amber's back and she works with the specialists office to know and do what he wants done as she has done with the other patients she refers. She will not charge me for a great deal of these adjustments because it would be too expensive for me and she does not want money to be an issue in Amber's treatment. She said her X rays will be cheaper than his so Amber would be seeing both of them and they would work together. You know, I like that. These people obviously care. Also, she called my home last night around 8 o'clock to see how we were all doing and taking the news. Holy cow, are you kidding me? NEVER had that happen before. I love this lady!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You know I have to mention that when we left the chiropractors office on Monday afternoon from the initial diagnosis I forgot to make a turn to get me home on the quickest route because I was distracted and on this road as I came to my next turn there was a big brand new sign at a stop sign that said "Jesus Loves You." I laughed so hard and I sarcastically said "Thanks Jesus. I'm so glad that I am blessed and highly favored. If I wasn't I could have a daughter with a debilitating lifetime disease, a disabled parent dying a slow and painful death, a business with cash flow problems, customers who constantly don't pay us or cheat us, a church that spoke harshly to my family, financial problems, a stressed out husband..... oh wait, I do have all those things. I'd sure hate it if you didn't' love me Jesus."
I feel bad about that now. I truly do and I think perhaps God understands my frustration. I just don't understand why my family can never just be okay. Something is always wrong, never ending wrongness. It's not just one valley we walk through, we seem to live in the valley and never leave. I'm sick of the valley and I just feel so frustrated that I do what the word says and the stuff that says good things just don't seem to work. There are wonderful devoted followers rotting in Chinese prisons right now. They are beaten, I know of one beaten with a sledge hammer. His back and legs broken and he was just left there in his pain and misery and nobody ever took him to a doctor or set his bones. He just laid there for years. Can a dude like that not get a little angelic help? Anyhoo, I have been in the last day or so reconciling life with God's word. I'm wondering more if God just simply intervenes only when we are in danger of going off the path He has for us whether it is our choice or outside influences that will take us off that path. I am wondering if He is just mostly concerned with the plan He has on our lives for the gospel work He has for us to do and not so much everything else. In other words if we are on our path perhaps he only intervenes in our wordly lives in things that take us off the path. If I am doing His will for me and I get sick or my kids get sick with something really bad but God knows it will not take me from my path, maybe he just doesn't intervene. If my finances are a mess but He knows I am still sticking to the plan He has for me, maybe He just does not intervene. Maybe He is all consuming in our spiritual and relational lives and will direct us and give us His wisdom concerning ministry, sharing the gospel, and being about His business and the rest of our stuff is just up to us unless it is taking us out of His will and plans and then He steps in to say "Oh no child, I need to step in here." I don't know.
I do know that I was much happier and peaceful before we left our church and I felt angry and abandoned by God. Right after I decided to remove my family from a church that I felt was harmful everything in our business went to the dogs. I really felt alone and betrayed by God and may I say, extremely pissed that He would just leave me to rot. I was operating in His will, teaching ladies and kids and happy as a clam to do so. Our studies were awesome. Why did people have to be doody heads and ruin it all? And, as far as I can see my family did all the suffering and for what? Well, that's not so important I guess and one would think that I would be even more enraged that we have now been given the lovely blessing (NOT) of Amber's scoliosis diagnosis but I am too numb to be anymore of anything that I already am. I watched Joyce Meyer Tuesday night and she was so funny and I really needed that. I love that lady. I know that I want my peace back and that means getting myself right with God again. It's not like I can abandon Him. I know He is real and yes I am pretty upset with why He allows my life to stay in complete horribleness for YEARS. I can't even remember a time when things were just okay. I can remember lots of time spans when I didn't worry and relied on the Lord to get through and we got through but still, it was never okay. We just got through and I don't think I serve a God of just getting though. So, I wonder about Him. But, I just can't be mad at Him anymore. I don't have the energy or the inclination to do so. I've decided to get right and I made that decision Monday before I took Amber cat to the doctor so I feel good about that. It may be slow but I guess that's okay. It would be lovely to get some relief from the constant stress. It would be lovely not to watch my mom suffer daily anymore.
The upside to things is that our business is almost out of the caa caa poo poo and we are so busy that we are going to need to hire a guy or two. That is a mega blessing and one company we sub for has just fired the other two contractors they had working for them and are giving us all of their business and we just picked up another company to do the construction restoration work for them too. Sweet mercy, we may just actually be okay this year. Whoopty doo, I won't know what to do with myself. I think I'll be giddy and laugh and be happy and I really look forward to not having to worry about paying bills and making payroll. I look forward to seeing my husband smile more and not having to worry about paying kitty's medical bills. That would be a sweet sweet mercy ;)
"These things I have spoken to you, so that in Me you may have peace In the world you have tribulation, but take courage; I have overcome the world." John 16:33
Girl, we may never know why some seem to have more on their plate than others, but the fact of the matter is that God is in control and He is always there! I pray that the peace of God would surround you right now in such a way that you have no other thoughts but that you are resting in our Daddy's arms.
Have a look at the Facebook Group "Scoliois Cures and Pain Relief" and see what Theraflex - a cheap non-surgical back machine did for my scoliosis and what it's doing for others - then ask all those nice therapists to get one to use on your daughter and others in the local area
May the Lord be with you in a special way as you love and support Amber through this difficult time. Tasha
My name is Jennifer & I write a blog because God placed it in my heart to do so. I was 30 before I could say I truly loved the Lord & Jesus even though I had been saved since the age of 8. Ever since a spectacular morning when God met me in my van in 2003 I have been seeking Him & learning & loving & having a great time with Jesus. I enjoy learning more & more about Him and helping others who are saved but do not have a personal relationship come to have that closeness. I am a busy mom of 4. The oldest is 24 & the youngest is 9. I am funny & I like to fantasize about being a stand up comedian & a talk show host. So many opinions, so little time.
Google isn't the only company looking to map out urban skylines ahead of the solar revolution. The folks at MapDwell create surveys similar to Sunroof using technologies developed at MIT, and for more cities to boot. The company has already mapped out New York City, as you can see above, as well as Boulder, Colorado(for growing solar-powered hydroponic kush, obvs), all of the confusingly-named Washington County, Oregon and now San Francisco. "We range irradiation (energy that falls onto the surface) for each city," MapDwell wrote to Engadget. "From zero (dark brown) to maximum or ideal (bright yellow), we call this Solar Access Index or SAI." As such, the southern tip of Manhattan probably isn't the best place for a solar installation. And unfortunately, the service does not also extend to solar-powered food carts.
Tags: brooklyn energy engadget google greenenergy manhattan mapdwell maps massachusetts institute of technology newyork newyorkcity renewable solar sunroof thebigpicture
Ploner Felix rechtzeitig zum 40-Jahre Jubiläum restauriert. Der Lastwagen wird zu besonderen Anlässen (Jubiläen, Hochzeit, . . .) aus dem Archiv genommen und gefahren.
A tragic chronicle of OBSESSION, PASSION and INCIPIENT TINNITUS from a man Zach Condon once referred to as a "bum".
Ben Gibbard and his coterie of emos were the last ever band I saw as a student (apart from Goldie Lookin' Chain at Grad Ball), so it's always a nicely nostalgic experience to catch them live. Sound man wasn't exactly on the ball, and the new stuff was as unmemorable as most of their post-Narrow Stairs work, but I'll never tire of the stately brilliance of "Transatlanticism".
Shaped in October 1943, the 479th FG claimed a magnificent heritage opposed to the Luftwaffe in the course of the ultimate yr of the battle. initially flying P-38s, the 479ths pilots had a fierce delight of hands. They earned a Presidential wonderful Unit quotation within the past due summer time of 1944 and have been additionally credited with the USAAFs first German jet kill in July 1944. finally transitioning to the P-51D in September 1944, the 479th excelled with the Mustang. The 479th FG was once credited with scoring the final aerial victory claimed by means of the 8th Air Forces VIII Fighter Command, on 25 April 1945. through VE-Day, 29 pilots flying within the team had earned ace prestige.
Illustrations during this publication look in vivid complete colour on a whole colour publication gadget, and in wealthy black and white on all different devices.
During the final days of Narnia, the land faces its fiercest challenge—not an invader from with no yet an enemy from inside. Lies and treachery have taken root, and simply the king and a small band of dependable fans can hinder the destruction of all they carry expensive during this, the awesome finishing to The Chronicles of Narnia.
The final conflict is the 7th and ultimate booklet in C. S. Lewis’s The Chronicles of Narnia, a chain that has develop into a part of the canon of vintage literature, drawing readers of every age right into a magical land with unforgettable characters for over fifty years. a whole stand-alone learn, but when you need to relive the adventures and learn how it all started, decide up The Magician’s Nephew, the 1st e-book within the Chronicles of Narnia.
Char is considered probably the most vital glossy French poets. well-known via Heidegger for the profundity of his poetic philosophy, he used to be additionally a hero of the French Resistance. linked to the surrealist circulation, he wrote poetry which confronts the main 20th century ethical, political, and creative matters with a simplicity of imaginative and prescient and expression that owes a lot to the poet-philosophers of historical Greece.
This quantity examines the evolution of the chilly warfare from the Helsinki convention of 1975 till the Soviet cave in in 1991. best students examine the commercial, social, cultural, non secular, technological, and geopolitical elements that formed the regulations that ended the chilly struggle, taking a look at the personalities and rules of Carter and Reagan, Brezhnev and Gorbachev, Thatcher, Kohl, and Deng Xiaoping.
Taking the achievements, ambiguities, and legacies of worldwide struggle II as some degree of departure, The Shadow of battle: The Soviet Union and Russia, 1941 to the current deals a clean new method of sleek Soviet and Russian background. provides one of many purely histories of the Soviet Union and Russia that starts with international battle II and is going past the Soviet cave in via to the early twenty-first centuryInnovative thematic association and process allows insights which are overlooked in chronological historiesDraws on a variety of resources and the very most recent study on post-Soviet background, a swiftly constructing fieldSupported via additional interpreting, bibliography, maps and illustrations.
I observed a number ofstrike, and flames began to > u... J I0.. « pour out of the aircraft. ' ::r: u Jeffrey fired his remaining ammunition at a fourth Focke-Wulffighter, and saw strikes before his guns fell silent. The German pilot threw his machine around in a series offrantic manoeuvres aimed at shaking offhis pursuer, but Jeffrey sruck to his tail in the hope offrightening his clearly rattled opponent into abandoning his aircraft. However, theJagdflieger finally made good his escape by flying into a bank of cloud.
Being alone, our aircraft did not pursue. The successes enjoyed by the group on 5 December came at a price, however, for the 479th lost four Mustangs during the course of the mission.
Hitler was reportedly told by Reichmarshall Hermann Goring at this time that more Allied bombers were being claimed by flak gunners than by Luftwaffe interceptors. The superb 88 mm anti-aircraft gun was reputedly accurate up to an aJtitude of 24,000 ft, while the heavier, but less numerous, 125 mm gun could supposedly target bombers cruising at ceilings up to 30,000 ft. By this time the impatient FLihrer was more interested in his V2 rocket programme that he believed would punish the Allies, rather than in finding an efficient counter to growing air raids on must have decided that he had had enough of this game for he broke away and headed for the cloud deck.
Bird enthusiasts enjoy watching birds eat and bathe in their backyards. Here are some important tips to help maintain healthy wild birds:• Keep feeders free from debris, droppings and old seed that has gotten wet and possibly moldy. Moldy seed can spread sickness and disease.
It is well known even to non-horse people that horses are herbivores, but just grazing or feeding a horse a diet of hay alone will not provide them the proper nutrition.
Good nutrition is essential for the health of your herd, but there are many different factors that affect what nutrition your cattle need. By understanding your cattle's needs, you can adjust their diet to offer them the best possible feed in different situations.
Horse hoof care is an important issue for all horse owners. While a horse may be able to sustain injury or illness in many parts of its body, the hoof bears weight and so adds hundreds of pounds of stress to any ailment.
Birdwatching is one of the fastest growing hobbies and is popular with all ages, from toddlers to seniors.
A traditional story from Russia that illustrates what can be achieved with team work, the Enormous Turnip was a production that the kiddo and I enjoyed from 3 years back! I recall fondly how excited she was and how she decided she wanted to go in a "princessy" outfit. The play was also very engaging and interactive; Dumpling was singing and “heaving, yanking and pulling” along with the actors.
Comes this November, The Enormous Turnip will return as an improved and reinvented version of the sold-out production in 2013. With new songs, a different cast and with different theatre styles coupled with I Theatre’s signature masks, puppetry and theatre magic, the updated production promises a whole new experience.
A fast paced, colourful, interactive play, carefully designed for the younger audience, with cute characters, fun and memorable songs, and a clear moral message for everyone.
Beanie N Us, A Juggling Mom and Dinomama are pleased to bring to you a series of giveaways leading into December! Please remember to share and like our pages to keep abreast of our giveaway lineup!
Disclaimer: The giveaway is kindly sponsored by I Theatre. We are not compensated for the post. All opinions expressed are entirely ours.
From young, we have singing the Chinese version nursery rhyme of The Enormous Turnip. It will be lovely if we can bring the kids to enjoy the live and English version on stage. That is simply too cool to be true.
Love the storyline of helping one another and getting together is strength. I hope my kids will be empathy and ready to give their helping hands if need arises.
The Enormous Turnip is a great Russian fairy-tale educating children’ the importance of teamwork and determination.
Story about teamwork, very interactive to introduce children through story with teamwork can complete task!
I've never heard of this fable before. I wonder what the ending is. Nevertheless, I think it will be fun for kids to see a story playing out on stage, and just in television.
The show very inspiring & educational as it let children know the importance of teamwork which can be applied in their everyday life activities !
I love how the show, through fun and engaging way, impresses on kids the importance of teamwork and no one's effort is too insignificant.
The story teaches morale values and the importance of teamwork. No matter how big or small you are, you play an important role.
I love this story because can let people know teamwork is important,i hope my 3 kids after this show know teamwork also important in family.
I was wondering if you ever thought of changing the page layout of your site? Its very well written; I love what youve got to say. But maybe you could a little more in the way of content so people could connect with it better. Youve got an awful lot of text for only having one or 2 pictures. Maybe you could space it out better?
Howdy just wanted to give you a brief heads up and let you know a few of the images aren’t loading correctly. I’m not sure why but I think its a linking issue. I’ve tried it in two different internet browsers and both show the same outcome.
liposuction surgery is one of the famous cosmetic treatment for beauty care. liposuction surgery are helpful to treat aging, weight loss problems
I love your blog.. very nice colors & theme. Did you design this website yourself or did you hire someone to do it for you? Plz respond as I’m looking to create my own blog and would like to know where u got this from. thanks
You need to take part in a contest for one of the best blogs on the web. I will recommend this web site!
I discovered your weblog website on google and examine a couple of of your early posts. Proceed to maintain up the very good operate. I just extra up your RSS feed to my MSN News Reader. Looking for ahead to reading extra from you afterward!…
Amazing! This blog looks exactly like my old one! It’s on a completely different topic but it has pretty much the same page layout and design. Outstanding choice of colors!
Heya i’m for the primary time here. I found this board and I in finding It really useful & it helped me out much. I’m hoping to offer something again and aid others such as you aided me.
Perfect VPN supply the anonymous IP address and the best customer service. You get access to our virtual private network. We teach you how to set it up, in less than a few minutes. After the setup is finished you can use the Internet in any way you desire. No more hassle, no more blocked websites. The VPN service is up virtually all the time.
Hi there, I found your blog by way of Google while looking for a comparable subject, your web site got here up, it appears great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks.
Does your site have a contact page? I’m having a tough time locating it but, I’d like to send you an email. I’ve got some suggestions for your blog you might be interested in hearing. Either way, great site and I look forward to seeing it grow over time.
I real pleased to find this website on bing, just what I was looking for : D likewise saved to my bookmarks .
obviously like your website but you need to check the spelling on several of your posts. Several of them are rife with spelling problems and I to find it very troublesome to inform the truth nevertheless I’ll certainly come again again.
»You can never go home again, but the truth is you can never leave home, so it's all right.« Maya Angelou
The creations I have made and also some of my husbands art.Now and then you may find a family member photo...just because!!
I am a mother of 2 and a grandmother of 4. I have 2 cats and 1 dog. My husband is an artist...he is an amazing person!! I love to create art..I love to alter ANYTHING. I also make primitive cloth dolls. I love to make jewelry as well.My home is my sanctuary and it is filled with my husbands art and my creations. I hope you like what you see...none of it is "perfect" in everyone's eyes...but I am proud of everything I've made.
MY FRIEND,PHIVOS, HAS AN AMAZING BLOG..if you are at all like me with no money or time to travel, you must visit his blog. His photography and comments take you on the most wonderful mini-vacations. Let yourself travel to far-away destinations..thanks to his brilliant photography and comments!! taxidiaris.blogspot.com
This website showcases a number of great artists. In additions to enjoying their art..they also offer FABULOUS FREE IMAGES!!! Wander on over to them..sit with your favotite drink and snack and enjoy!! http://outsider-artists.net
Sort by popularitySort by latestSort by price: low to highSort by price: high to lowSort by Sales Rank
The loss was his first since a July 3 road defeat against the Yankees. The Blue Jays catcher was seen grimacing during his first inning at-bat after he appear...
We're not there yet". He finished the half with 184 yards passing while playing second- and third-team members of the Saints defense. The 45-yarder dropped pe...
Mourinho had previously opened the door to the former Barcelona and Ajax striker playing for the club again, and confirmed on Friday that talks have taken place...
Conte has also penned a new Chelsea contract that did not extend his term at Stamford Bridge and he was evidently tired in the face of questions regarding fu...
The 29-year-old will aim to return to the field in 2018. But it all changed really quickly last week, when Tannehill went down untouched during practice. The ve...
Chelsea Manager Antonio Conte essentially admitted that the decision to sell midfielder Nemanja Matic to Manchester United was out of his hands. He has b...
Full-backs have been key to Guardiola's coaching career, and last season the four on his squad simply couldn't provide what he was asking of them. But after a...
Pogba scored just the nine times in all competitions last season, only five of which were in the league, as United limped to a sixth-place finish. Morata wi...
After an injury-interrupted buildup, LaCaze was 11th in 9:26.25 - two spots worse than her result at last year's Rio Olympics. Heading into the IAAF World Cha...
The west London side are also expected to sell Spain global Diego Costa after Conte told the 28-year-old that he is free to leave. "If you're a manager yo...
Raspberry For all you Blogisattva winners interested in displaying a button on your blogsite, we now offer buttons in six varieties -- well, really five, with one being worked on by our Research and Development Department.
Our blog buttons are modest -- demure, even. Humble and shy. Just 100 pixels wide and 40 pixels high, smaller than a picture of a chihuahua.
If YOU are a WINNER [of any Blogisattvas from 2006 through 2008] grab a button [right click and hit properties of the button you like, then snag it's location or address], put it up on your blog's sidebar and link it to the the anchor for your blog, found at the table of blogisattva winners and nominees in blogsite order. [Your anchor is the same as the link location for your blog, as found in the alphabetized listing at the top of the table.]
I am Curious Yellow is the name of a Swedish movie that was X-rated and includes Martin Luther King in its cast. [Nope. I've never seen it.]
Orange Orange also comes from the 70s, I think. It is in reference to an orange color that is similar to that of the fruit.
I found it easier to highlight the button, right click, then select "view selection source" -- gave me the full link, just had to cut the name of the color.
OK, Bill! I don't seem to be able to do the same thing. Differences in our computers' operating systems, I suppose?
My suggestion re the URL is to the page and anchor that displays one's list of wins and nominations. Yours would be the URL in the word here that is here.
I kiped the countdown from one of Justin Whitaker's blogs. Just 25 million seconds till the 2009 nominations announcement! I better get a move on!
I have to admit not only do I feel superior to those no-account Buddhist blogs lacking such a badge, but I've noticed I look better, as well!
It would seem you are doing all this without ever having read my blog, www.yoursinthedharma.com. Please feast your eyes sometime. Hopefully it will nourish your soul.
Thanks, Sandy. I've added Yours in the Dharma to my reader. It will be sure to be in the mix next/this year.
I'm late to the party, just added mine. I hope my tardiness won't affect my chances for this year. Just joking. All the best, James.
A unique production, in limited edition. They are composed as textile collages where the colours and squares defines the look.
Blue Bloods is a drama about a multi-generational family of cops dedicated to New York City law enforcement. Frank Reagan is the New York Police Commissioner and heads both the police force and the Reagan brood. He runs his department as diplomatically as he runs his family, even when dealing with the politics that plagued his unapologetically bold father, Henry, during his stint as Chief. A source of pride and concern for Frank is his eldest son Danny, a seasoned detective, family man and Iraq War vet who on occasion uses dubious tactics to solve cases with his loyal and tough partner, Detective Jackie Curatola. The Reagan women in the family include Erin, a N.Y. Assistant D.A., who also serves as the legal compass for her siblings and father, and single parent to her teenage daughter Nicky; and Linda, Danny's supportive wife. Jamie is the youngest Reagan, a recent grad of Harvard Law and the family's "golden boy." Unable to deny the family tradition, Jamie has decided to give up a lucrative future in law and follow in the family footsteps as a cop.
Blue Bloods follows the lives of the NYPD's First Family of Law Enforcement: the Reagans. Frank, the Police Comissioner and son of former PC Henry Reagan, must balance his duties of running the largest police force in the world and being his kids' boss. His daughter Erin is an Assistant District Attorney, son Danny is a senior detective and fellow Marine Veteran, and new Harvard Law grad turned cop, Jamie all swirl through this family drama and passionately defend their city from harm. The Irish-American family is deeply rooted in their patriotism, passion, and love of family.
Hawaii Five-0 is a contemporary take on the classic series about a new elite federalized task force whose mission is to wipe out the crime that washes up on the Islands' sun-drenched beaches. Detective Steve McGarrett, a decorated Naval officer-turned-cop, returned to Oahu to investigate his father's murder and stayed after Hawaii's former governor persuaded him to head up the new team: his rules, no red tape and full blanket authority to hunt down the biggest "game" in town. Joining McGarrett is Detective Danny "Danno" Williams, a relocated ex-New Jersey cop - a working man in paradise who prefers skyscrapers to the coastline - but who's committed to keeping the Islands safe for his young daughter; Chin Ho Kelly, an ex-Honolulu police detective and former protégé of McGarrett's father who was wrongly accused of corruption; Dr. Max Bergman, the quirky coroner; Chin's cousin, Kono Kalakaua, a beautiful and fearless native; and Captain Lou Grover, who formerly headed Hawaii's SWAT unit. Joining them is Jerry Ortega, a former classmate of Chin's and the Island's local conspiracy theorist. The state's brash FIVE-0 unit, who may spar and jest among themselves, remain determined to eliminate the seedy elements from the 50th state.
Steve McGarrett comes to Hawaii to avenge his father's death but when the governor offers his own task force, he accepts. He picks up team members on the way, Danny Williams, the head detective on his father's case, Chin Ho Kelly, a former HPD Detective who was fired for accused corruption and McGarrett's father's old patrol partner, Kono Kalakaua, a Cadet at the Police Academy who's 1 week from graduating, Lori Weston entry to Five-O temporarily, how Catharine Rollins a girl friend of Steve and Captain Lou Grover, a former Chicago PD Head of SWAT.
7x25 -- May 12, 2017 -- Ua Mau Ke Ea O Ka Aina I Ka Pono (The Life of the Land is Perpetuated in Righteousness)
8x6 -- Nov 10, 2017 -- Mohala I Ka Wai Ka Maka O Ka Pua (Unfolded By the Water Are the Faces of the Flowers)
8x19 -- Apr 06, 2018 -- Aohe Mea Make I Ka Hewa; Make No I Ka Mihi Ole (No One Has Ever Died for the Mistakes He Has Made; O
8x22 -- Apr 27, 2018 -- Kopi Wale No I Ka I'a A 'Eu No Ka Ilo (Though the Fish is Well Salted, the Maggots Crawl)
8x24 -- May 11, 2018 -- Ka Lala Kaukonakona Haki 'Ole I Ka Pa a Ka Makani Kona (The Tough Branch that Does Not Break in the
Willing to work with existing compressed air in various diameters ranging from 6 mm diameter up to 320 mm diameter. There are various models cylinders, some with ISO and some with standards specified by the manufacturer. Within the product range of Automation Yeruham pistons can be found in various ISO standards, pistons short stroke (pancakes), cylinders anti- rotating gudies, rotary cylinders, rodles cylinders. In addition to a variety mentioned also used cylinders made of stainless steel.
You may not know exactly what you want to say in your Book of Memories™ condolence message. In fact, this may be the first time you've ever been faced with sharing your feelings or offering comforting words to someone who is grieving a loss. Whether it's the first time, or the fifth, we're here to offer some assistance. We've compiled some tips, and brought together a list of expressive words you can use in your condolences.
Tip #1: Be sincere. It's important to mean what you say, on the deepest emotional level. Yes, we know, "saying what you mean" can be harder - that's why we're here.
Tip #2: Keep it simple. You don't need to say much more than "I'm sorry for you loss," yet it's always wonderful to share a personal memory of their loved one, if you have one.
Tip #3: Don't tell them you know how they feel. Because you can't really know; even if you've endured the loss of a loved one in the past - your grief was yours, and this is theirs.
Tip #4: Share how you felt when you heard the news. Perhaps you were shocked, disbelieving, or deeply saddened. Let them know how the passing affected you personally.
Tip #5: Share Remind them that you will always hold the memory of their loved one close to you. It will be a comfort to them to know that their loved one will be remembered.
As you comprehend this profound loss, let yourself cry knowing each tear is a note of love rising to the heavens.
After writing and posting a message of condolence to the family, you may also wish to make a memorial donation as a tribute to their loved one, or send flowers to the family home or memorial service. However you choose to express your concern and pay tribute, please know this: it will be deeply appreciated.
Related: 'Should you date a guy who doesn't see his kids?' One of the most common and heartbreaking topics I'm asked about is dealing with fathers who don't see their. Offers inmate profiles with photos and addresses. Includes FAQ and testimonials. BibMe Free Bibliography amp; Citation Maker - MLA, APA, Chicago, Harvard Unlike normal gay dating sites that feel more like meat markets than places to find true love, SeekingArrangement has a professional, warm, sincere feel to it. Chapter 4. Customs, Courtesies, and Traditions The Army is an organization that instills pride in its members because of its history, mission, capabilities, and the. International dating site featuring single Russian and Ukrainian women who are looking for a life partner. Matchmaking service to meet beautiful Ukrainian girls and. The best thing about the Pixel in this picture is its color. Image: Alex CranzGizmodo My favorite line, Anyways after we had sex…. But really thanks, I really like this girl but she wont respond to my facebook msg. I asked her on a date and. There's more than one way to hookup through your phone besides OkCupid and Grindr. Here, Refinery29 rounds up the dating dwarka delhi best dating site for fat guys apps for hookups. Enjoy your stay and discover totally free african dating site we have to offer at Victoria-Jungfrau Grand Hotel amp; Spa in Interlaken, Switzerland from The Dahing Hotels of the World. The culture of Australia quick dating uk a Western culture, boy dating tips primarily from Sitd but also influenced by the unique geography of Australia, the diverse input of. Meet Gay Asian Singles Near You free swaziland dating sites Our Gay Dating Website. We Connect Asian Singles on Dating site for fat guys Dimensions Like Dating site mixed matches and Values. Join for FREE Today. Apr 18, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Have a God Centered Dating Relationship. Do you want to have God at the center of dating website for cowboys dating relationship. Would you like God to … Black Swingers in Club is the Swingers sex buys to meet Couples Local Black Faf Swingers, dating site for fat guys and find Taylor swift dating garrett hedlund American dating site for fat guys opportunities to meet local dting. Four McSweeney's cookbooks, together datibg one low-priced bundled. This bundle includes: Toro Bravo by John Gorham and Liz Crain Mission Street Food by … Dating site for fat guys MIH. The Dating site for fat guys column (now renamed FAQ to conform to I'net practice) was one of the most enduring and popular features of Mugwumps magazine. Before you email your. Two days ago my husband was missing when I woke up around 3am. I wrapped up and went into the hall. I The SSB installation is not simple as it is a complex bit of kit. The antenna has to be right for your boat. The connection from the antenna to the ATU has to be. Dating and relationships issues between younger men and older women. Waterfront Keys Realty, Inc. specializes in Venture Out Sales and Rentals for Venture Out Resort in Cudjoe Key, Florida. Venture Out Resort is a full-amenity. PHOTO AND VIDEO-SHARING APPS AND SITES. Instagram lets users snap, edit, and share photos and 15-second videos, either publicly or within a … HIV ONLY Warm-Hearted amp; Exclusive Community. The best HIV dating community for HIV singles that provides all the users with the best chance to meet up with other. After publishing the original Taurus Man Secrets book, I've noticed that what was covered was extremely effective for women already dating a Taurus man, especially. Subject: We are getting married!!!.
A Toronto Asian Escorts Agency Service - the number one and most respected Asian escort agency in the city of Toronto. At Toronto Asian Girlfriends, you will find. Watch Female Fake Taxi - Steamy Lesbian Pussy Licking Action in a Taxi online on YouPorn. com. YouPorn is the biggest Amateur porn video site with the hottest orgasms. A middle-class boy from Atlanta finds his worldview changed as he spends the summer with his deeply religious grandfather in the housing projects of Red Hook, Brooklyn. Catch up on the latest news, photos, videos, and more on Dating Advice. Senior citizens continue to be the fastest-growing segment of our population, and that makes seniors a prime target for con artists and thieves. Crime prevention is. DJIs apps use the internet to update maps, restricted flight zones and other relevant data, as well as have an optional feature to sync with the companys. BibMe Free Bibliography amp; Citation Maker - MLA, APA, Chicago, Harvard Jun 11, 2007nbsp;0183;32;Well this be my first post, and since its silly o'clock and I can't sleep I decided to compile a list of 101 random questions that I have or would ask. Mar 01, 2013nbsp;0183;32;I spent four years as Forbes' Girl Friday, which dating site for fat guys me meant doing a little guye of everything at once. As a member of dating cruise ship Forbes Entrepreneurs team, I. The flag of Denmark (Danish: Dannebrog, pronounced [ˈdanəˌbʁoːˀ]) dating site for fat guys red with a white Scandinavian cross that extends to the edges of the flag; the vertical. Katherine Elizabeth quot;Katiequot; McGrath (born c. ) is an Irish actress and model. She is dating site for fat guys known for playing Morgana in the Are rob dyrdek and chanel dudley dating One television series Merlin fpr also. This online dating dating site for fat guys siite be the best ever. It's unique, guyss leadership, oozes confidence and make you cor. Find marketing my dating website why it so many responses. Dating site for fat guys, strap-on sex lovers this post is for you. I get a kick out of tips for first date online dating the questions on sites like yahoo guhs that fr some variation tat She wants to do. Hey dor girl what you have to do is play hard to guhs in a sweet dting, like when he calls you up and wants slte do something, tell him notre dame freshman football dating already made plans dating site for fat guys if you. Free Readings by Dr. Gurudeva,USA,NJ,NY(732-448-0667). Indian Astrologer|Vedic Jyotish|When will you get job. Dating site for fat guys will you marry. Love … Justin bieber who is he dating right now he like you - QUIZ - how does he dating site for fat guys feel - does he have a crush on you - love, relationship and dating quizzes - including the - Does He Like Me test - find. This gorgeous sexy granny goes by the name of Justine, and she proves that a lot of women mature very well. This super sexy 55 year old granny has done many photo. Gift Ideas for Fathers Over Seventy Years Old. Gifts for Korean Mothers. Cute Ways to Give Your Boyfriend a Gift E. Entertainment Television, LLC. A Division of NBCUniversal with news, shows, photos, and videos. Youve decided to try online dating and found yourself talking to a man that seems promising. You decided to meet and on your first date things go great. You enjoy. Apr 09, 2014nbsp;0183;32;When I was online dating, I filtered single dads out of my searches. There was no way I'd ever get involved with a man … I havent found a solution for this. How does a 56 year old man find a good younger woman that would be interested in marriage and maybe have children by him. Find the best and most popular dating sites at the worlds largest dating directory. The Top 30 Free Online Dating Sites for 2017 in the World.
Australia. Senior Dating Australia. The Senior Dating Partnership is one of Australia's leading online senior dating and friend finder services for fating over 50s. Swingers personals for wife swapping couples looking for no strings attached sex online in swinger personal ads. You may also like: my coworker was arrested for domestic violence in front of us, and our employer dating site for fat guys do anything about it; can we tell dating employees that one.
POF. COM 100 free online dating site. View photos of singles in your area, see who's online now. Never pay for online dating, chat with singles here for free. Start connecting with Asian singles now. Our super list includes free dating sites and chat apps One of the things I like to do as a dating coach is to keep fta with the latest research on relationships and dating. So naturally, I like to read the latest studies. Gold and lead are both forged in supernovae and are but a few subatomic particles apart in the periodic table.
So why is datlng so much more of one than the other. Jan 27, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Thomas continues his conversation with Coach K about the origin of trap music, beginning with Young Jeezy's 2004 mixtape, Dating site for fat guys Streets Iz Watchin (according. 94bn debt: Contractor suspends work on Lagos-lbadan Expressway.
Dating site for fat guys stated that the letter was a notice of its intention to suspend work on the project over an N8. According to the Chicago Sun-Times' Gordon Wittenmyer, the Cubs have already spoken with Cobb's several times, although they have yet to discuss contract parameters. I believe in a border-free world. A border-free world is a world in which any human being has the right to live, love, dafing, and work in any country he or she pleases.
Online payment facility | Other Payment Options Home gt; Businesses, Agents and Trade Professionals gt; Cargo support, trade and cz dating sites gt; Paying invoices to the. Your first date lasts an eternity- we've all heard from somebody about the first date that took all afternoon and included hiking and dinner and late night making.
eharmony - A Trusted Online Dating Site for Singles. eharmony is the first service within the online dating industry to use a scientific approach to matching highly. Subscribe and SAVE, give a gift subscription or get help with an existing subscription best dating sites asian clicking the links below each free dating sites that work image.
Please try again later. Daily Great Lakes and Seaway Shipping News. The complete news source for shipping news, pictures and events. Covering all vessels and ports on the Great Lakes. FLING. COM - World's Best Casual Personals for casual dating, search millions of casual personals from singles, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy. Whats it like dating German men. Having lived half a decade in Deutschland Ive had my fair share of experiences some grand, others regrettable and can. SeekingRich. com is the best rich men dating site for rich men and women to meet each other. Join for free to find a rich man now. The actress died Tuesday morning following a heart attack dating site for fat guys lunar dating. Carrie Fisher, best known as Online dating headlines funny Leia dating site for fat guys the Star Wars film saga, died Tuesday morning. Mondaq All Regions Business Briefing provides global coverage of all legal analysis from dating site for fat guys firms, registration is FREE to access the content. Delete my uniform dating account 10, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Women who believe the man should be the one to make the first move might want to rethink their dating strategy - especially online. New dating site for fat guys from OKCupid. The Mistakes Men Make Greater rewards carry dating site for fat guys risk, and this same principle applies to international dating. A beautiful and loving foreign bride is the life. Full help on finding the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites if you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Saving Expert Dating and relationships issues between younger men and older women. Over70dating. org - the official over 70 dating site for senior singles. A lot senior citizens are single or single again at this time of their life. The intersection of finance and romance is always a tricky place. And many people even arrive there while still dating, when the level of debt - student loans. AutoScout24 GmbH - Gesch228;ftsf252;hrung. Gregory Ellis, Gesch228;ftsf252;hrer AutoScout24 GmbH. Christian Gisy, Gesch228;ftsf252;hrer AutoScout24 GmbH Online Dating at Ladyboydating. net - World's 1 Ladyboy Dating Site Find single members with photo, video, chat online and date out. Good luck. Motesplatsen.
Jose Mourinho admits Manchester United could still sign one more player, but he will not be "crying" if they do not. "It's not something urgent, it's nothi...
My aim is to try to improve my players, to try to improve my team. When asked if he wants more players, the Italian repeated the same message he's said all su...
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger reckons that the Premier League will "soon" have a female manager in charge of one of its clubs. But Arsene Wenger's double change...
Key to their success was a 13-game winning streak that stretched from October to January. Antonio Conte has claimed that he wants at least one new wing back...
The Gunners will be missing the services of Alexis Sanchez as the Chilean forward will miss their first two games of the season due to an abdominal strain in ...
The Chile forward missed pre-season after being granted extra time off following the Confederations Cup and has been ruled out of Friday's game due to an abdomi...
It was the inevitable reaction to feeble title challenges that saw Guardiola's City finish 15 points behind the victorious Chelsea side in third place and Mou...
Friday. In exchange, the Bills acquired Eagles wide receiver Jordan Matthews , Rams cornerback E.J. Gaines, as well as second- and third-round picks in 20...
The 2011 world champion and 2012 Olympic gold medallist has battled a series of wrist, achilles and hamstring injuries in recent years. "I'm just happy to be go...
Schipper, 25, clocked a season best 22.05 seconds for the title, adding to her 100m bronze. "I fought for that", said Schippers. "I worked so hard in the last...
After the 3-0 win over West Ham in Iceland last week, Guardiola thanked the board for securing Bernardo's signature ahead of City's rivals, a clear sign he fe...
These games may not mean anything in the standings, but there is still a lot to learn from what we see tonight. "While Johnson is now tabbed to win this spot, i...
They have the services of Romelu Lukaku, a like-for-like replacement for Zlatan Ibrahimovic - probably more agile. Their defensive woes have been addressed with...
Albert, who changed his mind about retiring earlier in the week, was released by the Jaguars on Friday from the reserved/retired list. On July 31, Albert ann...
It took Lacazette just 94 seconds to score in the Premier League with his second touch in England's top-flight. He now has seven in five on the opening day ...
Reese won with a leap of 7.02 metres on her third attempt and had to endure a nerve-wracking finale after receiving a red flag on her next three jumps. Klishina...
The Bitcoin network is 25 billion MH/s, which works out to about $70 million hardware cost and 15 MW. (This is about the total power consumption of Cambodia.) At $0.15/kWH, that would be about $50,000/day on electricity ($300 per block or $0.70 per transaction). Since mining generates about $140,000 per day, spending $50,000 per day on electricity seems like the right ballpark.
TV Everywhere is a concept put out by TV distributors that basically says that if you pay for cable or satellite, you should be able to watch the content you want, where you want. Everywhere. To some people this is not a good idea. As is always the case, many people think tv programming should be widely available for free on the internet. Of course the content is never free. Someone has to pay to create it and we purchasers of cable and satellite services pay the subscription fees that pay the content companies and allow them to create all that content. Someone always must pay for free. Its unfortunate that there are some incredibly greedy people who think their entertainment needs should be subsidized. We aren’t talking healthcare, we are talking The Simpsons. No one in the country has the right for their Simpsons to be subsidized.
Those of us who pay for cable and/or satellite really shouldn’t care if there are people who want to “cut the cord” and discontinue paying for their programming services. Those of us who pay our bills to cable and satellite should be all over TV Everywhere because it has the potential to be a HUGE VALUE ADD . In fact, if you pay money to your cable or satellite tv provider, you should be demanding TV Everywhere be implemented quickly in your neighborhood.
Let me ask you a question. Is there any bigger hassle than trying to get the content you want to watch on to the device you want to watch it on ? Try getting last nights episode of your favorite show on to your ITouch or laptop to watch on the train or plane. You cant do it unless you want to go through a huge hassle that is not worth it. Try streaming a live feed to a mobile device. Huge Hassle.
Back in the day it was ok to be forced to be tethered to our PCs in order to watch content. Watching on our PC was an incremental convenience we didnt have before. Being limited to watching on a PC was acceptable. No longer.
The true value of TV Everywhere is not that our TV distributors will let us watch the shows we already pay for on our PC. It’s a given that they will. The true value of ‘TV Everywhere is that they will take all the hassles out of enabling us to watch TV …..everywhere.
I want Comcast, DirecTV, Dish, Charter, etc to take the responsibility of making it easy for me to put the content I pay for on any device I want to watch it on. Ipod, Itouch, Zune, Laptop, whatever device I own that can play video, I want my provider to make it easy to happen. Now.
I want to be able to easily copy my favorite shows from my DVR to a flash drive and watch those shows from my laptop on the airplane. I want you to be able see my Itouch on the Wifi Network in my house and make it ok to move shows on to it. Then I can take it to the gym and catch up on my shows while I work out. I dont care if you do like Rhapsody does for music subscriptions and make sure that Im current on my bill with you. That is fair. But its your job to make sure that any content I buy from you can be moved to any device I want to watch it on.
I recognize that its a lot of software , a lot of work, a lot of investment and not necessarily easy. That’s your problem.
I realize this is not the best place to solicit an idea, but it does give me an entree to you. I’m representing a company that is in interactive TV advertising. They have a proven technology and solve the number one problem advertisers have, how to get more people to watch ads and how to get greater brand awareness. With this company, you would get “paid” to watch commercials on your favorite shows. People want to be interactive (think of the 50 million votes on American Idol each week). I look forward to your response.
I got the Slingbox HD earlier this year so I can watch games while on the road and it is awesome! Like you said Mark you can’t save the content so you have to have a connection but even over WiFi it’s not bad!. The only problem that I have sometimes is the buffering depending on the speed of the network I’m on.
The initial cost upfront was minimal in my opinion and after using it I can’t see myself paying extra outside of my cable costs to get a similar service!
Yahoo(sports) and Dime magazine,amongst others, have already written articles about it. I hear he might debute the dance tomorrow at open practice.
As the biggest Die hard Mavs fan ever, you have to play this!!!! It might be just what we need to when that championship ring. =)
I think your right Mark. We all pay a hefty bill for TV/Cable. Why should we not be able to watch it anywhere we so please? I’d love to be able to catch some of a game on my iPhone. Especially if I’m somewhere and I can’t catch the NYRangers game. As long as your paying for the service I see no harm. I’m sure that’s the concern though. People figuring out how to exploit the TV Anywhere system…
I think your right Mark. We all pay a hefty bill for TV/Cable. Why should we not be able to watch it anywhere we so please? I’d love to be able to catch some of a game on my iPhone. Especially if I’m somewhere and I can’t catch the NYRangers game. As long as your paying for the service
This is great and I would love to have TV Everywhere as well. However, the challenge for MSO, Telco’s, Sattelite companies is the business model. No one has been able to make money on online video as the online advertising model hasn’t worked to date. YouTube, even with its dominance in online video, is estimated to lose $1 million each day.
True, you can charge for the TV Everywhere service but the question is can you charge enough. Or in other words, how much are consumers willing to pay? Is this going to be enough to make a profitalbe service. Video is such a bandwidth intensive product, the network requirements to offer a TV Everywhere service is extensive. Servers, caching, routers, switches, data centers, etc. and the costs are significant.
In the words of a TV exec discussing online video…’we are trading analog dollars for digital pennies’. Until a profitable business model is determined, TV Everywhere will be a niche service with limited video and distribution.
Thank you for the post and for your comment about how much it costs to produce a TV show. It needed to be said. Because for someone to feel that $1.99 is expensive to download, say, an episode of “House” or “The Simpsons” or “30 Rock” or any brilliantly written and performed 30-minute or one-hour program is astonishing. That’s less than the price of most cups of coffee.
When you think of the imagination, hard work, and sheer dollar amounts that go into the creation, selling, writing, directing, talent, production, marketing, and distribution of any TV program –and scripted hour-long dramas filmed on location are really up there — it’s small wonder that the entertainment industry is obliged to find a revenue stream capable of paying for it.
You are right — nothing of value is free. Unless it’s been stolen. In the old commercial broadcast model, we paid by the presence of frequent advertising interruptions. Happily for consumers, there are now alternatives. That’s fair, as long as the entertainment provider can still find a way to make money. And I don’t mean a greedy, disgusting level of profit, just a healthy business return. With all the resentment of corporations duly acknowledged, consumers need to think about what would happen if enough advertisers fled the medium or drastically reduced what they are currently willing to pay to sponsor quality programming.
The cost of premium entertainment would skyrocket, and we could find ourselves with nothing left to watch but cheaper-to-produce reality fare and user-generated content. Not that some of it isn’t fun stuff, but I think we can all admit to loving a good story well told.
What troubles me most about this discussion is the disturbing trend of entitlement that you touched on in your post. I admit to a certain bias as a content creator, but that said, I’m sincere in my belief that we’re lucky to get for $1.99 what some risk taker paid $2 million or more to create. And the only reason we’re able to get such a bargain is if millions of other people are willing to do likewise.
Until the TV Everywhere business model is deployed (and it will be, eventually)I have found that Slingbox works quite well. For instance, today I am sitting in my hotel room in Beijing China watching all of my favorite new fall shows on my PC that were recorded this week on my DVR at home in Los Angeles. Through Slingbox I can access my home DVR from anywhere in the world as well as watch live programming. For it to work you must leave your tv on at home. They now also have a new app for the iphone too! This might work for you until TVE is launched!
I am in education and have spent the last five years teaching undergraduates public speaking. There is definitely worth in having televised video streaming at our finger tips, but I currently have trouble preventing students from texting during class; I couldn’t imagine the difficulty of getting them to break away from a televised marathon. Could mass lethargia ensue? I know that watching episodes of 24 have become quite similar to peoples description of crack cocaine…I just need one more…what would that do if it was something I could access anytime, any place?
The recent announcements by the FCC that they will try to formalize net neutrality rules in the U.S. is good news for this. Of course, the companies involved are also major ISP’s and the timing of this is interesting… I could be way off on this as I’m not really familiar with current pricing and restrictions by these providers, but could they perhaps be planning a highly tiered cost structure for bandwidth usage, with the price of high or no capped accounts/bundles going way up? Not a bad thing, mind you– those who use more of a resource should pay more for that resource, IMO. Was just thinking that was possibility for where profit could come from; maybe it is not all about keeping people from cutting the cord… with net neutrality formalization and the way usage trends have been going, ISP’s may perhaps have to do this anyways and this could be a excellent bonus/incentive to offset bad feelings over a price hike for these providers. Still, a great idea I believe! And I hope this post made sense, haha.
Mark – I apologize for this approach but wasn’t sure how else to contact you. I am Ed Barr and I teach at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh. I recently was introduced to someone that I know you can help, Chad Varga. If the name sounds familiar, he played basketball at Pitt in the late 90’s. He was offered a tryout by the Mavs but broke his hand and went to Europe to play. He left a great career and great money to help kids. He was motivated by his own life story, which goes something like this: Chad suffered an agonizing childhood. His mother, an alcoholic and drug addict, came in and out of his life for 18 years, often leaving for a year at a time to pursue her addictions and lusts. When she did show up, she often took Chad and his sister, Wendy, to crack houses in dangerous neighborhoods where unspeakable practices took place. One night, in desperation to protect her alcohol, she stabbed Chad because she thought he had poured out her drink. As a child, Chad watched his mother’s boyfriends beat her and tried to protect her, only to be beaten himself. One year he and his sister and father drove from Michigan to Ft. Worth, Texas, so that they could visit her in a federal prison where she was serving time for running drugs from Venezuela.
Despite having moved 17 times in the first 18 years of his life, Chad found himself growing very tall and developing a talent for basketball. He became one of the nation’s top prospects at Detroit Catholic Central High School and was soon fielding scholarship offers from the top universities around the country. Chad eventually chose to enroll at the University of Pittsburgh a national powerhouse. Chad was voted team captain and was nominated as a pre-season All-Big East selection by different media outlets.
After his senior year he was offered a with the Mavericks, but he broke his hand (in a fight with a man who was abusing his
One evening, at the height of his professional career and success, Chad asked himself what he intended to do with his life. At age 25, with fame and adulation, and a six-figure salary, at the peak of his career, Chad walked away from basketball to a greater need, children at risk. He returned to the United States to begin a service to help young people who face the same circumstances as he did. Chad started a non-profit organization, “Inspire Now,” to help transform teenagers. It exists to equip teens to become better individuals, people of character who will serve their communities.
Can we talk to you about ways to help Chad help kids? If so, please contact me at CMU at edbarr@cmu.edu or call me at 412-952-5106. Thanks!
For a production company like the one that puts out Mad Men, or Heroes for instance, or even for ESPN,however, I think advertising may be more effective than relying other forms of partnerships or by relying on people to subscribe.
In many cases, and especially in the biggest cases, the prayer is more likely in the hands of the advertiser for the in-demand content – the desperate housewives of the world – can command excellent sales rates while picking and choosing from the advertisers who line up because they want to be there. This is the opposite of a Prayer Sale, its more like a free Whole Foods spree.
I’m not intending to promote advertising, but its not just Google. The top 10 websites on the internet (aside from Wikipedia which is free) *depend* on advertising for their survival and successes. On the internet, it seems no other business model even comes close.
In particular, I assume that TV Everywhere would not be monetarily feasible with out the support of advertising. So Im going to go out on a limb and say that if it is a prayer’s sale, it is for TV Everywhere too.
“We aren’t talking healthcare, we are talking The Simpsons. No one in the country has the right for their Simpsons to be subsidized.”
@MC: Mark, you said responding to me “From MC> Not true. They have to support the maximum amount of bandwidth to be consumed.”
In my gas station analogy, the content provider builds a big enough pipe so that if there are a dozen vehicles filling up at the same time, everyone get’s gas (with little or no noticeable loss of pump performance).
There are 3 octanes at each pump. Built into each is the cost of the widest pipe necessary to supply the fuel to each pump.
But on the Cable TV side, why is it that I have to pay for the widest pipe (also acceptable) but I also have to pay for 300 variations of octane (content) when I only want or need 30 of those?
From MC> because the price per tv network would go through the roof if you got to pick them one at a time. And as far as the size of the pipe, w gas stations people will wait in line. Could you imagine waiting till enough bandwith became available to get to Youtube or some website you like ?
MC, you responded to my comment above with “From MC> Unless the creators of that special interest , education or political content are stupid, they can always choose to make it available for free on the internet. Thats their call. Or they can try to sell it, recognizing it could limit distribution. Thats real world. It has nothing to do with TV Everywhere. Its just one more “internet red herring”
From MC> Advertising is a “prayer sale”. You pray you can get someone to buy it. Then you pray that you meet their expectations from the sale because you really have no idea whether your ad will truly impact the customers business any more than any other. If it was anything else, you would guarantee results to the customer buying the advertising. How often do you see that happen ? Because its a prayer sale, the customers are always looking for a better solution and alternatives. So its possible for companies to make a living selling ads if they hit a really strong formula. Google , for now, is an example. But they are the exception that proves the rule.
This concept of everything becoming ‘free’ does not make sense. How does the idea leak into the public and then people expect it.
Free = streaming with ads, hopefully targeted by user preferences or analytics. Allow fast forward/rewind, just put a split second graphic of the sponsor.
Pay per season of a show, say around $10-$12 a season (12-24 episodes). Streaming without commercials the first 6 hours, download version available afterwards – the shows will already be available to pirates by then. Access to previous seasons and/or watch the next few upcoming episodes. Significant discounts for dvd/blu-ray versions when available.
Standards based streaming so third party software/hardware can pull content (tvs, dvrs, pc, mobile etc)
From MC> do you realize how much it costs to produce an episode of a tv show ? Your typical CSI show can cost 2mm or more per eps. So under your formula, they would have to sell 3 to 6mm copies (remember the retailer gets their cut) of EACH AND EVERY SHOW. That aint gonna happen. What you see now online are library shows that have already played out, shows that have already run and shows that need promotional help. You havent seen any shows with a significant 2mm plus per eps investment made available online. The best performer, dr horrible, was done as a low cost deal. Those are one offs. in your model, the best you would ever get in unique content is the stuff you get on youtube now
@rossbaird: This is a fantastic idea. I think entrepreneurs would have a great sense about what to invest in and would be a valuable contribution to the decision making process. I certainly have a unique perspective vs. what an investor comes to the decision table with.
The comments around ideas like this always lead to good suggestions. Which makes me think. I work for an entrepreneur-led VC firm and we often brainstorm around the office about the difference between entrepreneurs and investors. Do you think that entrepreneurs have a better sense of what projects to invest in?
We have been brainstorming a model where we’d front an available pool of capital to a group of entrepreneurs, and they’d decide/select among themselves who got investment. What do you think of a model like this?
In the gasoline example, I pay more for better content in the form of Premium gas which is how it should work.
But when I fill my tank with 1 gallon of 87 octane, I do not have to pay for 1 gallon of 89 octane as well as a gallon of 93 octane even though all three are brought to the pump nozzle. The price of the infrastructure is built into each octane, but I still have the choice.
In the case of my ISP, they provide the pipe only, one which supports in theory the highest speeds to support the bandwidth of the most intensive bandwidth sites.
From MC> Not true. They have to support the maximum amount of bandwidth to be consumed. So if the ISP offers an unlimited bandwidth account on a 10mbs feed, they need to have enough bandwidth to support all the people who will use those 10mbs to stream from a site you will never go to, multiple HD video feeds to multiple TVs in their homes. You are subsidizing that. You have to because if your ISP cant handle that capacity in your neighborhood, there is a very good chance your throughput speed is going to slow to a crawl.
But too I have a choice to pay a smaller amount which supports lower rate, or I can pay a higher amount to accommodate higher rates. That’s fair, even if we assume they built into all price points the infrastructure which supports all of rates.
Mark, I’d first like to pay for only those channels I want … vs. what you or the cable operators think I want. I should not be forced to buy stuff (read, subsidize) I don’t want, will not use or care about in the least.
From MC> should the same concept apply to your ISP bill as well ? You do realize that your monthly bill subsidizes the bandwidth capacity your ISP needs in order for some of their other subs to access high bit rate sites that you will never go to , right ?
That if they only supported the high bit versions of your favorite websites, their capacity requirements would be lower and they could charge less. (im not saying they would charge less, but they could) ?
I’m a triple play Comcast subscriber so I also feel your pain – agree 100% cable box UI sucks – at first it was because cable guys didn’t put in scaling video chips into the low-end boxes, so you only had a DOS/text type experience. Then you had the Gemstar patent issues that dominated the grid display of programming info. A number of variations around that have been in the market for years, from Paul Allen’s Moxi box offered via Charter to Cablevision’s pillar grid display, etc. but even if the Apple’s of the world improve the UI you’re left with a fundamental issue re: visually navigating episodic TV. How do you visually differentiate the 13-22 episodes of a particular show season? Movies are easy since the poster art represents the brand in a single image. Even the UI innovators such as Hillcrest Labs haven’t figured out the solution to this easy navigation issue – of course you can read the preview text, but at the risk of ruining the drama of the storyline in advance – managing the intelligence about which episodes I’ve seen and haven’t seen is going to be way beyond the capabilities of the cable guys for many years to come, unfortunately.
Mark asked: Let me ask you a question. Is there any bigger hassle than trying to get the content you want to watch on to the device you want to watch it on ? Try getting last nights episode of your favorite show on to your ITouch or laptop to watch on the train or plane. You cant do it unless you want to go through a huge hassle that is not worth it. Try streaming a live feed to a mobile device. Huge Hassle.
I disagree. Take Rescue Me… I bought the season pass in HD from iTunes. $55. Every Wednesday morning, it’s waiting for me. I plug in my iPhone, it syncs up. Bam, I’m gone. If I want to watch in HD, it’s a click away on my Mac Mini in the living room or Apple TV in the bedroom.
But I couldn’t agree more – why does there need to be a slingbox. I want it here, there and most importantly – now.
The cable guys will not make this a consumer friendly service. Five years ago, the guys who delivered the service you’ve just described you want is Dish Network, which allowed you to port everything off your DVR with a consumer friendly UI to an Archos device for viewing at a later time.
Contrast that with Comcast and Panasonic’s lame portable DVR device launched 18 months ago, that was the size of about 5 stacked Kindles and was quickly scrap-heaped.
Look at Comcast’s VOD service – you can only fast forward at 1x normal viewing speed! Doesn’t matter if you’re watching a movie, or HBO, or ad supported TV, they put a governor on your remote because their network infrastructure was not designed to handle the way consumers want to consume content.
Pushing the content out to the device is usually the best consumer-solution when it comes to video consumption, because the device has the raw horsepower to allow you to control how you want to view the content.
I prefer to stick with the Archos and Sling box solutions, because they understand that you should be able to get the content you already paid for, when you want and how you want it.
Lastly, I’m impressed with your even-handed treatment of this topic, especially because you have every right to be upset with the cable industry after they showed your HDNet the door to support their own consortium supported INDmenand HD offerings. You along with Discovery Channel were early pioneers of HD and they gave you the short end of the stick when the rest of the industry piled in.
Great post, Mark! I agree! I want it everywhere. If I pay for it, I want it ubiquitous. Yes, it is a BIG undertaking but I don’t think it is outside of the technologies currently available. It is going to take a group of visionaries with sufficient capital to blaze the trail.
Paid content is a straight forward concept; you pay, you consume. But I think society is used to consuming content for ‘free’ in an ad supported model. This leads to the question: Do we work to change the consumption habits of viewers or do we change the way advertising is bought and sold?
We don’t need archaic “commercials” anymore nor do we need hardware limits (e.g. no skipping commercials). We need a new way to implement advertising that isn’t forced. For instance, branded user interfaces or 5 second pre-roll inviting the user to view the advertiser’s content after the main content. Of course this would require a tectonic shift in the buying, selling and creation of advertising.
I see the online advertising models slowly changing these “off-line” advertising habits, but what we really need is a company, consortium or whomever to step forward and look at this with a multi-platform adverting approach. He who develops this new paradigm wins. He wins consumers and advertisers both.
So, Mark, I think having users pay for content is a good idea, I just don’t know if users are WILLING to pay for content. Let’s offer a non-obtrusive advertising model to deliver multiple platform content and back that with the online ad serving model and I think we’ll have a win-win.
I know this doesn’t solve the overall problem you discussed in your article but for a short-term solution (using short tentatively here)you can buy a Sling Box and program it to your laptop or mobile device. It links your home cable box to your device so you can access it anywhere.
I bought a Sling Box when I moved from Boston for a year so I could keep up with the Celtics and while the quality wasn’t ideal, it was much better than watching live scoring on ESPN.
From MC> slingbox is great. i have one and use it from my ITouch and laptop. Problem is that i cant just download the content . I have to be online to watch it, whether live tv or from my dvr
I haven’t tried it on a mobile device but I’ve heard the results are ok based on the internet connection you have.
“As far as the all you can eat model leading to decoupling of awards, no one says that you have to sell your content to Time Warner or anyone else.”
Thanks for your reply, Mark. I subscribe to your blog because you always have something of value to share.
My point wasn’t a complaint about Time Warner at all, as I said, so be it. As a content producer I clearly am not an advocate of ‘everything should be free’ since it all costs (me) something to make.
I think this only gets done if a satellite or internet(uverse) provider can convince the networks. Comcast and all the crap cable companies aren’t going to do it.
In order to get a deal done though the networks will need more money in subscription fees and have to have guaranteed commercial placement with no fast forward subsidizing some of that cost. At that point if Directv wants to build out the technology and take on the bandwidth to get the extra subscribers that want TV Everywhere, then maybe it gets done. The question is how much will this cost DirecTv, how much will it cost subscribers, and how much will the major networks want.
DirecTv is already on there way with what they are doing with the NFL Sunday Ticket so it may only be a matter of time. If DirecTv was smart, they would get an exclusive deal with all the major TV networks to exclusively distribute TV everywhere.
It wouldn’t even be a ton of software for some. I’ve had FIOS for about 3 months now and all the boxes, including my DVR are on my network. They had to go out of their way to prevent me from putting a show on my iTouch or laptop. They already have software that goes the other way, allowing you to stream videos from your PC to your FIOS device, so its neither difficult nor expensive from where they are right now.
I’ve been surprised by the amount of negative feedback over the “TV Anywhere” plans of Time Warner and other cable providers. Many commentators have groused about the cable companies erecting a “pay wall” around their content and they see this as yet another example of old media not “getting it.”
But, as you point out, we do pay for premium content (one way or the other). And, if we do, why shouldn’t we be able to access that content from anywhere we’d like, on any screen? It seems like “TV Anywhere” is a step in the right direction.
I also think it’s evidence that cable companies understand that their real value is in serving as a content delivery platform that extends beyond their physical cable infrastructure.
As with Theodore Levitt’s famous example of how the growth of the railroads stalled because of their belief they were in the “railroad business,” rather than realizing they were actually in the “transportation business,” cable TV companies are realizing that they are not in the “cable TV” business but, rather, the entertainment delivery and monetization business. To the extent this is true, it makes sense for them to provide that content through as many venues as possible.
I wrote about this on my blog back in early March when Time Warner’s Bewkes first began to discuss this idea publicly. If you’re interested, the full post is here:
I want to get hired by Mark Cuban … for the smallest amount of money in history … to do television programming from my two room penthouse home/office/studio in Santa Rosa, CA
* No person has the “right” to healthcare, either. Nowhere in the U.S. Constitution is this stated. We also don’t have the “right” to food, heat, water, shelter, and others, so stop assuming healthcare workers should give their product away.
* Take-it-with-you already exists if you have a simple Windows Media Center setup and a Zune, iPhone, or other mobile device. With the announcement of relaxed DRM constraints last week, it will be easier to do this with more channels’ content.
I am the person you described. I want to take the content for which I’ve paid, and watch it when I want, where I want. When I’m watching this time/place-shifted content, I am not consuming the content that is currently streaming, so therefore it is impossible for me to consume more content than I am paying for with this model.
I have a Rhapsody To Go subscription and love it. It constrains me to using 3 mobile devices and 1 live stream. Since I started PAYING for this subscription, I quit copying my friends’ music and I’ve NEVER BEEN HAPPIER!! Video content providers should realize that a good model opened my wallet.
From MC> I like calling it an itouch and cable card is still just 1 way. So you lose far more than you gain . Agree on the subscription values. thanks !
1. “We aren’t talking healthcare, we are talking The Simpsons. No one in the country has the right for their Simpsons to be subsidized.”
The implication in this statement is that people do have the right for their healthcare to be subsidized. If you believe that, it is a short and slippery slope to ‘people have the right to have their Simpsons subsidized.’ Any argument for subsidized healthcare extends easily to subsidized entertainment.
2. “As is always the case, many people think TV programming should be widely available for free on the internet.” Despite claiming this is a bad idea, you turn around and essentially argue for the same thing. Here’s how: Your implication of “HUGE VALUE ADD” for people to get what they pay for on cable to also be available everywhere implies that they won’t have to pay for that additionally for the service, i.e. FREE (Or as the as the article you reference quotes Comcast “free online and on demand.”)
So now the rights holders of that content who have the right to charge for every embodiment of that work, don’t get to do that in your model. In this case the rights holders like Time Warner have chosen to participate in this model with the cable companies, so be it. But this model is ultimately a loss to the best content creators (artists), since the all-you-can-eat model leads to a decoupling of rewards to those creators of the most popular content. They are in effect subsidizing all the losers.
From MC> They have the right to charge for it. If they charge too much, it will get pirated and stolen and wont make them money. As far as the all you can eat model leading to decoupling of awards, no one says that you have to sell your content to Time Warner or anyone else. You can start your own website and sell it however you want.
After TV is everywhere, which seems inevitable to me, whats the next step? The simultaneous explosion of social media and TV Everywhere will probably lead to interactive media everywhere. Everyone has a thousand ideas for “monetizing social media.” I think the value add concept that you stick to – Mark – is the key. “TwitTV Everywhere” anyone?
You’re right. There are companies that produce content and we pay for it via our cable subscription. But we also pay a fixed rate for a fixed amount of channels, which only 1/4 of them interest me.
Are we going to see a time in the future in which a la carte pricing comes into the picture? Probably would disrupt the industry, but I’m tired of subsidizing “Flip this House” reruns.
From MC> Bundling is a way of life. You pay for Picture in Picture on your Tv, but prob dont use it. You pay for broadband internet which subsidizes bandwidth for websites and applications you will never use. There are features on your PC, phone and all your softwre apps you dont use. But you pay for them. Thats just the way products work. The alternative of ala carte would make them all more expensive
I’d agree with this, except that the government spent a whole lot of money sending out $40 coupons that say otherwise, didn’t they?
I have no problem at all paying for content. You’re right, it doesn’t create itself, someone needs to be paid. Unfortunately it’s either too difficult or too expensive to legally put a TV show in my iPod. And often it’s simply impossible to do legally. Yeah, I can buy episodes for $1.99 from the iTunes Music Store, but in my mind that’s too much. Until the media distributors can come up with an easy-to-use, easy-to-afford plan, people are going to resort to illegal means which cuts the studios out all together.
1. Offer the show for free, but first work with hardware vendors of media players to prevent people from forwarding past commercials. Distribute the shows like podcasts. Sure, some geek somewhere will hack that, but most people won’t do that and will watch the commercials.
2. Offer subscription services. And “all you can eat” plan as long as you watch the show before the next episode comes out.
3. Offer plans bundled with satellite or cable packages or make it easy for people to pull shows off their DVRs and Tivos to their iPods and Zunes.
I think in general people want to do the right thing. But the studios have put up so many roadblocks that the path of least resistance is piracy which nets them nothing.
I like the idea of TV Everywhere, technically. I’m undecided but it’s a good idea in theory for sure.
I agree that people out there should expect to pay for content unless they prefer an ad supported model which is the most common. Many people would prefer to have ads instead of pay themselves and that should be okay. TV Everywhere will have advertising too.
Though there is one big concern which I usually have which you usually do not address, and I dont expect you to really care about it, but I would like to point it out.
You state: “To some people this is not a good idea. As is always the case, many people think tv programming should be widely available for free on the internet. ”
There is another reason to be unhappy: The nice thing about internet distribution in it’s current state is that it’s democratic and everyone can participate…or decide whats good for their personal niche interests. Too, video is used for many things besides lowest-common-denominator entertainment such as special interest programming, education or politics for instance. If TV Everywhere works out, it could create a closed environment that will shut out other quality content by companies unable to get a deal.
That is, it could change the nature of media and put the main voice back into the hands of an elite few. Even alongside TV Everywhere, people will still be able to distribute freely or however they want to of course, though it may become somewhat insignificant for the majority of the regular viewing audiences.
The democratization of TV, with all its pros and cons, is at least an important consideration for the future.
From MC> Unless the creators of that special interest , education or political content are stupid, they can always choose to make it available for free on the internet. Thats their call. Or they can try to sell it, recognizing it could limit distribution. Thats real world. It has nothing to do with TV Everywhere. Its just one more “internet red herring”
Subscription TV is going nowhere but UP–in cost. However that’s not my chief concern as an independent content creator:
“[TV Everywhere] raises substantial anti-competitive issues by restricting the availability of programming to the favored distribution methods,” said Gigi B. Sohn, president and co-founder of the public interest group Public Knowledge. “Under the TV Everywhere plan, no other program distributors would be able to emerge, and no consumers will be able to ‘cut the cord’ because they find what they want online. As a result, consumers will be the losers.”
While anti-piracy proponents have a valid point of view, there is other side that needs to be fixed as well. We pay for the same content multiple times. I have bought same song (as part of same or various albums) multiple times.
Anti-piracy movement has one idea to sort out. What are customers paying for? Is it media (CD or DVD or tape or flash drive etc) or the song/serial/movie etc. Then we can ask why same movie can be priced differently on blue-ray disc, CD, or from the web or cable TV. This part is almost never part of the debate.
Can’t you just fund a start-up to make this happen? Why must we wait for the incumbents? They will take forever!
I’m racked with guilt, thinking of how greedy and dishonest my parents were. They went 40 years or so watching TV via antenna without paying for it. They were both conservatives — Republicans even — and there they were, expecting their entertainment needs to be subsidized. I thought they were upstanding citizens and great people, and it turns out they were just thieves and maybe socialists. Oh, the disillusionment.
Either that, or there are legitimate business models that rely on profits from something *other* than viewing fees to subsidize content creation.
From MC> And those channels are still free, albeit available only digitally now. Im very clear about the differentiation being content on the internet
Agreed Mark, TV Everywhere would be awesome. However do you really think that we’re going to get it at no incremental cost? I doubt it.
Department of Pediatrics and Pediatric Infectious Diseases of Bukovina State Medical University, Chernivtsi, Ukraine
Orioles catcher Wellington Castillo had a double in the fourth inning that extended his hitting streak to 10 games. The Orioles broke a 1-1 tie in the fourth ...
Who will be your team's MVP this season, and why? Wagner added with a smile: "I was more nervous when I arrived in England than now!" To embark upon this Pr...
The Reds said earlier that the player is not for sale and will remain at the club when the summer transfer window closes. Barcelona are reportedly looking...
The Philadelphia Eagles on Friday dealt slot receiver Jordan Matthews to Buffalo in exchange for a cornerback. Gaines, a sixth-round selection in the 2014...
Jeter, while wealthy by baseball player standards, could not carry the majority of cost (he's reported to be contributing $25 million to the deal). Former Ne...
Flop of the season some in the British media called him. Radio station Onda Cera boldly claim that Guardiola has enquired over his availability this summer,...
American Doll Hairstyles Styles Girl Videos Hairstyle Tattoo is one of pictures thet are related with the picture before in the collection gallery. If you would like to see the American Doll Hairstyles Styles Girl Videos Hairstyle Tattoo in High Resolution [HD Resolution] version, please press the right click on picures/image then choose "Save as Image" option, and done. You will get American Doll Hairstyles Styles Girl Videos Hairstyle Tattoo pictures that you want. The exactly dimension of American Doll Hairstyles Styles Girl Videos Hairstyle Tattoo was 660x1042 pixels. You can also look for some pictures by collection on below this picture. Find the other picture or article about American Doll Hairstyles here. We hope it can help you to get information of the picture.
Arm Tattoo Cover Up Bicep Ideas Hairstyle is one of pictures thet are related with the picture before in the collection gallery. If you would like to see the Arm Tattoo Cover Up Bicep Ideas Hairstyle in High Resolution [HD Resolution] version, please press the right click on picures/image then choose "Save as Image" option, and done. You will get Arm Tattoo Cover Up Bicep Ideas Hairstyle pictures that you want. The exactly dimension of Arm Tattoo Cover Up Bicep Ideas Hairstyle was 700x550 pixels. You can also look for some pictures by collection on below this picture. Find the other picture or article about Arm Tattoo Cover Up here. We hope it can help you to get information of the picture.
One eye coconut or Ekakshi implies one-eyed, By and large, a coconut has three dark spots which are considered as two eyes and one mouth however out of millions you will discover one coconut which comprises of one eye and one mouth thus they are considered as extremely promising "Samagri". Eakashi Nariyal gets fortune if kept Homes, Workplaces, Cashbox and Lockers, to improve the monetary status and bring riches. This sort of coconut is discovered once in a while and subsequently has extraordinary significance. It is offered to the divinity with coin and applying shoe on it on propitious events. An agent can satisfy his cravings and achieve awesome accomplishment by keeping an Ekakshi coconut in his money box or treasury, tied in a red bit of fabric. It helps a man to gain riches and thriving. It has been thought to be the best to have the gifts and invocation of the God. Subsequently it is particularly unmistakable. It is accepted to bring fortunes and is utilized as a part of profound and Tantrik ceremonies.
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by www.astroprediction.com and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
"Start Where You Are"...what does that mean to me and what does it mean to you? This is not going to be an overly psychological, get-into-your-mind kinda post, don't fret... I had to reflect on this for a while when I was approached with this slogan tee and the message around it. "Start Where You Are" #befearless. I finally decided to accept the challenge to share a personal post around my own personal experience. I'll have a chat with you guys about my career which is one thing I've had to start over again, more than once. I feel many people struggle with this. Either with choosing one, starting one or sticking to one. I've had lots of conversations with people who feel like they are in a right rut in their jobs or wants a change or just don't know. And a lot of people ask me, how I transitioned from working ...
LANCASTER, Calif. (FOX 11 / CNS) - Authorities in Lancaster Wednesday warned people to be aware of a new "prank'' involving a group of males approaching pedestrians while wearing clown masks and possibly carrying kitchen knives.
"At this time, our station is aware of three individual incidents throughout the city,'' said a statement issued by the sheriff's Lancaster Station.
"In all three incidents, there was nothing taken from the victims and it appears that the group of suspects is only trying to scare the victims,'' the statement said.
There have also been reports of "scare tactic'' style videos appearing online, the sheriff's department reported.
"As we approach Halloween, we remind our citizens to stay aware of their surroundings and to call our station at (661) 948-8466 should they be a victim of an incident like this,'' the statement said.
The views expressed in this blog are my own and do not necessarily reflect the views of Adobe Systems Incorporated.
No, I wouldn’t know a randomized correspondence algorithm for structural image editing if it bit me on the butt, either, but just check out the very cool video demo. More details are in the paper (one of the 17 papers featuring Adobe collaboration presented at SIGGRAPH this year).
These tools are going to be included with CS5, right? Right? I mean, it’s just a few lines of code, maybe a couple of meetings, a few hours of work and… voila!
[Well, as usual I can’t talk about unannounced products, and turning research code into practical features can be a challenge unto itself. Broadly speaking, though, the point of Adobe’s research efforts is to build technology that can be brought to market in really appealing ways. (Hope that doesn’t sound too corporate spin-y.) –J.]
All I can say is WOW! The things you could do with that kind of tool — thinking about building and architecture and showing possible design ideas to a client. Amazing!
Did you hear that? That was the sound of the AP’s nether regions clenching just a little bit tighter in anticipation.
Eli and Dan are doing incredible research in this area and I am continually amazed by their work. But I’m equally fascinated by the weird side-effects of content aware scale. I’ll admit i haven’t done anything useful with this blog yet but thought readers would enjoy it none-the-less. All meant in good fun.
[Connelly has interned twice at Adobe. Internships offer a nice way to collaborate with researchers for a particular amount of time while supporting their efforts. –J.]
Does Adobe sign such people immediately, or just give them a nice fat check to license the technology? Reminds me of the quote that says technology, at a certain level of sophistication, is indistinguishable from magic.
I was surprised how quickly you managed to integrate seam carving into CS4 and I’m hoping it’s just as “easy” to incorporate this into CS5.
[The definition of “this” is quite broad, involving at least three or four discreet technologies/innovations. The hole-filling code is one thing, the reshuffling code is another, etc. Some pieces could be easier to fit into Photoshop’s existing tools/metaphors than others. (No promises with any of this, of course. I just want to be sure to manage expectations correctly. –J.]
The path from great ideas to a sellable product is fraught with expensive potholes. I really hope this SW makes it out of the think tank, maybe they should generate a Beta version so that those of us willing to put forth some disposable income could try it out and offer complaints(suggestions) since all of the good to great improvements come from a diverse group of pickey users.
Question: will they be making the research proto-type available for us to play with like the Seam-Carving one was? i.e. I can download it, play with it, and tell everyone it has to be voodoo, ’cause nobody’s that dang smart. :)
I recently absorbed some alarming information on nuclear weapons and the catastrophic global impact of even a small-scale nuclear war. For starters, a very interesting article in The New Yorker focused on three Plowshares peace activists, including an 82-year-old … Continue reading →
Todd covers the environment and severe weather for the Asbury Park Press, which he joined on Earth Day in 1985. He's covered myriad environmental, energy, health, weather and scientific issues since 1980. He's taken graduate-level courses in environmental health, environmental risk assessment and public health. Todd, a finalist for the 2010 Pulitzer Prize in Public Service, is a member of the Investigations Team. Follow him at www.Twitter/ToddBBatesAPP, www.Facebook.com/ToddBBates, http://instagram.com/toddbbatesapp, www.toddbbatesapp.tumblr.com, or Google+ https://plus.google.com/+ToddBBates/
ODU Fishing News » Loss of U.S. fish habitat is increasing, report says on Loss of U.S. fish habitat is increasing, report says
WolfeNotes.com » Is NJ Quietly Slipping Into an Early Drought? on New Jersey dry spell leads to low stream flows
Users of this site agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights, and Ad Choices
Over the past year, we have been busy designing various elements of our new approach to information literacy (see our Information Literacy & Library Instruction Guide for details), including developing and piloting 3 new scaffolded instruction sessions. We will spend the summer refining the piloted sessions, and hope to be able to share lesson plans with faculty by Fall.
We are excited to offer faculty a key element of the Information Literacy Topic Instruction and Support component of our new program:
Our new Integrative Model for Information Literacy guide provides more than 30 activities covering information literacy topics – activities have been curated or developed by Castleton librarians. These activities are a supplement to our reference and instruction services and are meant to be incorporated into courses – they can be delivered by a librarian or by the instructor. The guide and activities are organized around the 6 Threshold Concepts from the ACRL’s Framework for Information Literacy for Higher Education and the 13 topics we have mapped to the Framework. We will add additional activities as they are developed.
We encourage faculty to contact one of our librarians about how our new approach can better support their courses and our students.
Calvin Coolidge Library’s primary mission is to foster information literacy and provide our community with access to collections that support research, teaching and learning, intellectual curiosity and enrichment, and civic engagement.
The cleaning session at Arekere (Dorsani Palya) Reserve Forest on Sunday 29th June 2014 had many of the morning walkers join the effort. The extra hands really helped the volunteers (who have pledged their support to the clean-up campaign) do more than they had expected.
However it was noticed that apart from plastic, a lot of rubbish, including wet waste, gets thrown from the road, over the compound wall. People are using this like a road side garbage dump! For a proper clean-up of this part, the group decided to engage paid labour or rag pickers.
The forest is known for its birds, butterflies and other insects. But mammals? The highlight of the morning, and the most surprising find was the spotting of wild hares in the forest. Prasanna, one of the volunteers wrote to the PNLIT email group, “Yes you can call it a miracle that these beautiful creatures are still surviving despite all odds”.
With stray dogs frequenting the area, Prasanna wonders how long the hares will survive. The Forest Department and others will need to make a focussed and concerted effort to keep the dogs out and preserve the habitat for the hares so that they can breed. In the huge 130-acre area, surely if there is a will, it should be possible, with the support of the Forest Department.
We need to go beyond making the forest a beautiful place for walking and exercising. We need to save the hares that have made this their home. If you have any ideas on how the hares can be protected and would like to join the effort, please email Prasanna Vynatheya <prasanna.kv@gmail.com>.
Arathi is a trustee of Puttenahalli Neighbourhood Lake Improvement Trust (PNLIT) and an active citizen.
The Arekere Reserve Forest is located in Arekere-Mico Layout (off Bannerghatta Rd), near Puttenahalli Lake. It is home to several species of birds, butterflies and other life forms. Information on the efforts to get it »
Some time ago, I documented a project by this name, where Jaaga and a team of volunteers made a determined attempt to beautify the space under Hebbal flyover. I was told that they’d also painted »
Agara Lake is an expanse of about 98 acres, lying between Koramangala and HSR Layout. Advertisement Pic: Google maps A few years ago, in 2007, there were plans for the lake area to be converted »
AIBF has launched 3 months “Certified Credit Specialist” medium term training program to facilitate credit departments of the commercial banks to develop their capacity. The creation of credit or deposits is one of the most important functions of commercial banks. Like other corporations, banks aim at earning profits. For this purpose, they accept cash in demand deposits and advance loans on credit to customers. A credit risk is the risk of default on a debt that may arise from a borrower failing to make required payments. In the first resort, the risk is that of the lender and includes lost principal and interest, disruption to cash flows, and increased collection costs. The loss may be complete or partial. In an efficient market, higher levels of credit risk will be associated with higher borrowing costs. Credit risk management, meanwhile, is the practice of mitigating those losses by understanding the adequacy of both a bank’s capital and loan loss reserves at any given time – a process that has long been a challenge for financial institutions. The global financial crisis – and the credit crunch that followed – put credit risk management into the regulatory spotlight. As a result, regulators began to demand more transparency. They wanted to know that a bank has thorough knowledge of customers and their associated credit risk. To comply with the more stringent regulatory requirements and absorb the higher capital costs for credit risk, many banks are overhauling their approaches to credit risk. But banks who view this as strictly a compliance exercise are being short-sighted.
Wingate & Finchley FC, of the Ryman Premier League. Only about 10 mins from my house as the crow flies, and nestled between a rugby club, a David Lloyd Centre and a Vue cinema complex in N12. Before attending the game, I had fired over a quick email on the club website to see if we could arrange a photo with a player or even the 1st team coach or manager. The reply was almost instantaneous from Paul, who offered not only a picture, but a chance to look around behind the scenes of the club. He suggested coming along on match day and asking for him on arrival. As I arrived at about 13:00 on a near perfect day for football, a cool crisp January afternoon, with a blue sky and not a cloud in it I was met by Paul, and after spending £10 on my ticket and £2 on my program, off we went for a tour of the club.
Paul is a board member and lifelong Wingate & Finchley fan, although he did admit in dabbling in the dark arts and is also a Man Utd fan. His Grandfather, who was 98 this year and still attends home games when the weather is agreeable, was a founder of Wingate, one half of the two clubs that had merged to become Wingate & Finchley.
Wingate had a fascinating history as they were set up by Paul’s grandfather and others, as a way to combat anti-Semitism in post war England. They are named after a British war time General Orde Wingate credited as one of the founders of modern guerrilla war fare, creator of the Chindits and trained Haganah, a Jewish paramilitary organization which went on to form the Israelis Defense Force. The Star of David is still visible today on the clubs badge.
We first visited the home changing room, it was still early but the home shirts had been hung, and were awaiting the players. A few people milled about, including Ronaldo the clubs kit man. The walls of the changing room were adorned with motivational prompts for the players, such as “Sport doesn’t build character, it builds it”, my favourite was the slightly modified version of the famous JFK 1961 inauguration address, “Ask not what your team mates can do for you, but ask what you can do for your team mates”
As well as the tactics board, football themed clock and the “don’t wash your boots in the shower” sign, there was a gold plaque above a door way dedicated to a youth player Dean Saunders, who had sadly died on the pitch due to a heart defect.
As we left the changing room and walked up the tunnel to go pitch side, a few of the away team players piled out of their team bus, and made their way to to their changing room. As Paul and I got to the pitch we were soon joined by the groundsman Andy Ward, who I was introduced to. I commented on the previous night’s deluge of rain causing him a headache, but he was quick to say it was only x millimeters and would not be a problem. By this quick response and obvious great condition of the playing surface you could tell he was man who was very good at his job.
Pitch side I was also introduced to the first team coach, Daniel Nielsen. He was what you might call a Wingate & Finchley “Man”. A product of the clubs youth team, who had spent the majority of his career with the club other than a 3 year spell away, had returned to take the reigns as head coach, as W&F have adopted the very continental system of head coach and director of football.
At this point the referee and his assistants approached, they to, inspected the pitch commenting themselves what great condition it was in, as always. With the ref inspecting the pitch this meant the board room was free, and that was going to be our next stop.
The board room door was an innocuous looking blue one at the base of the main stand, a main stand which for all you architecture aficionado’s is the oldest canter leaver stand in the country. The “NO PARKING” sign was bigger than the “Boardroom” one, and as we entered before me laid out on the bar were a few dozen cups and saucers and an older gentleman in a blazer holding a very large metal tea pot, as well as two other gents going about club related duties.
A welcoming hand was offered by all three, as well as a much needed cup of tea. The Board room was not grand, no large oak board table, and was not huge, perhaps only the size of your living room. What it lacked in size and grandeur it made up for in character and history. The walls were liberally decorated with many interesting pointers to the clubs previous success and history. The gold gilt framed painting of one of its founders, the pennants of visiting clubs, the varnished wooden honors board, adorned in gold lettering and just under the TV was a picture of the 1961 England team including World Cup winner Bobby Charlton, who had trained at the Wingate ground before a game against Ireland.
It was getting close to 14:00 and Toms arrival was imminent, a quick glance at my phone, and I saw a txt and a missed call. The txt was from Tom, looking for a reply to his question earlier in the day asking me to let him know if there was a burger van, and the missed call was because he had arrived.
I was conscious of not taking up too much of Paul’s time. He had said previously that no one had rung him yet, so things must be ok. So after grabbing Tom, and heading to the Clubhouse “The Wingate”, I introduced Tom to Paul, thanked him for all his help, and Tom and I sat down for a pre match pint, and a chance for us to catch up on the afternoons events.
The TV was the main focal point for the people in there, a mixture of home and away fans watching the FA Cup round 3 take place and a match between Blackburn & Swansea. W&F had equaled their best FA Cup run this year, only going out to Havent & Waterlooville, who not so long ago famously took Liverpool to a replay at Anfield. Not long before kickoff the same guy who was manning the turnstiles was handing out team sheets, when he got to one table and had run out, he was asked if he could print off a few more, and the man asking was the Lewes manager!
Pint in hand we made our way pitch side, and spent the first half standing with the away fans who had made their way up from the south coast. After 20mins they were not in the best of moods, because after a frantic first 5 minutes and some good work from the Lewes number 7 on the left wing, who had looked threatening so far and their main threat at goal,W&F went ahead after a shot from David Knight squirmed under the Lewes keeper for a soft 1st goal and chants of “David Knight, Knight, Knight” rang out from the home crowd.
The Lewes manager did what he could with repeated shouts of “make the pitch big”, but 13 mins later the away end was an even more unhappy place to be, as a burst pace from the F&W number 11, Karl Oliyide, who was described to me by a home fan as “running like a scolded cat”, burst down the right and shot across the keeper making it 2 – 0. It was not long after that the number 11, the best home player of the first half was subbed off after suffering a large gash on the knee right in front of us, the intimacy of lower league football brought sharply in to focus. After the game Daniel Neilson said he was “ok”, he just had to have it “glued closed”.
The 2nd half started, and we had moved to be closer to the home support. Curiously they had moved as well to what was now behind the Lewes keeper. The small covered terrace behind the goal, The Harvey Ackerman Stand was now very full, and as well as flags hanging from the roof, they were generating a good amount of noise. The bulk of that noise seemed to be led by a group of fans from Northampton who used to hold season tickets at Arsenal and would travel down to every home game, who happened to go to a W&F game by chance, and had now replaced the Emirates with the Harry Abrahams Stadium. They had also been priced out for following their first love, so wanted to redirect that passion somewhere it was appreciated.
The main talking point of the 2nd half, which unfolded right in front of us was a dubious offside call, which resulted in a very classy 3rd goal for W&F being chalked off. A great bit of skill from the number 8, Tommy Tejan – Sie, saw him jink pass his marker as he cut in to the box after a pass from a short corner and slot it in to the bottom right hand corner, only for the refs assistant a few feet away from us, and who only looked about 17, to raise his flag for off side. He claimed a home player was standing offside, and was interfering with play.
As seems to be the way nowadays with all players, regardless of the league W&F descended on the refs assistant, pointing out in their eyes the mistake he had clearly made. The ref, much older and who had had a good control on the game, communicating well with the players and management, at one point telling the Lewes manager to have a word with one of his players because “he keeps yapping in my ear”, demanded the players leave the area, so he could consult with his assistant. As if the Sky cameras were on them and to prevent the red tops and Gary Neville scrutinizing their discussion, they covered their mouths and discussed the call he had made. The call stood, the ref pointed for a free kick and the game continued.
2 – 0 was the final score, and a much deserved home win. Lewes really lacked any threat in the 2nd half, especially after their very lively number 7 went off, something Daniel Nielsen was very chuffed about when we spoke to him after the game. As with some managers/coaches after a win, they always seem to think they could have been that little bit better, and he thought they were “OK”, “should of scored more, probably had a penalty, but did enough to win”.
I had been invited by one the blazered gents I had met before the match to join them for a drink at full time in the board room. Another sign of how friendly and welcoming they had been, since my first contact with the club. I knocked on the blue door, let myself in, to what was now a much fuller room, the FA Cup scores updating on the TV, not a good day for Spurs, but today was not about them. The cups of tea at the bar had now been replaced with beer, and I thanked Paul again for all his help, and generosity, and left them to their drinks and post-match meal.
From talking to Paul it clear he has a real passion for the club, and is doing everything in is power to make them a stable team in the division, two recent relegation battles have made this their top priority. Visiting local schools and holding community days to drum up support and funds. I also saw him get a stray match ball from a hedge behind the goal, so he is happy to get his hands dirty! Most of the staff are volunteers, and Paul was quite honest in saying that with their budget they should be in the league below and are punching well above their weight. The lower leagues it would seem are also vulnerable to the money men of football and only recently the “Manchester City” of the division, Margate have recently got a billionaire board member, so a team with a 150 average gate, are always fighting an uphill struggle.
I have been to some “big” games as a Spurs fan, and have enjoyed myself a lot, but today was different. The closeness, the stripped back feel of it all being there for the football and enjoying the game and the atmosphere with Tom, the obvious connection with the club the board and fans have is a very special thing indeed. I hope their work in the local community will open people’s eyes to the fact that everything you could want in football team is right on the doorstep, and soon hopefully they will have more fans than flags.
Nice Report - You can always chat to the Wingate & Finchley cameraman too ;-) I started taking the photos because I wanted to give something back to the players for the entertainment they give us :-)
Thank you very much, glad you liked it. Where can we find your work, would love to check it out. Are you on twitter?
Beauty and Balance is a well-established beauty salon with a difference. We know that most people visit beauty salons for de-stressing treatments or damage repair but, at Beauty and Balance, we approach the health of your skin in a holistic manner. This means that, while we spoil you with relaxing treatments designed to revive your body and mind, we also go one step further. We offer specialised para-medical options designed to restore the health and radiance of your skin. Imagine enjoying long-lasting baby-soft skin on your feet, without the use of blades or harsh treatments. Now you can with Beauty and Balance’s medi-pedi! The good news is that, for most cosmetic treatments, there is a para-medical option available at our salon.
Offering a wide range of treatments in a tranquil and professional environment, Beauty and Balance offers personalized service and the latest in body and skincare treatments to suit our clients’ individual needs.
Catering to men and women who are serious about achieving long-term results, our treatment range includes facials, grooming, hair removal, body care, slimming, and laser treatments. We specialise in pigmentation and acne revisions, hair reduction, and the treatment of various skin conditions, including cracked heels, spider veins, and stretch marks.
When it comes to skin care, only the best will do so we use and stock Guinot, Environ, Danné, face and body care products.
At Beauty and Balance, we believe that healthy and beautiful skin and a relaxed body are achieved through quality care, treatment and product expertise, and a collaborative relationship with our clients.
This means that we go beyond once-off ‘feel good’ cosmetic treatments to designing individual skincare programmes based on the principles of continuous care and client input. We support our clients’ commitment with excellent service and consistent follow-up.
“ I speak for the both of us when I say we love coming here, it’s like a second home. Always filled with laughter and love.Always fully satisfied and in awe of Fatima’s work and her gentle hand ”
Beauty and Balance, a fully recognised beauty clinic is situated at City View, 10 Matthews Meyiwa road. We offer you a wide range of personalised treatments within a tranquil environment.
Our Vision and Objective is to create a professional institute offering the very latest products and treatments in body and skincare, with an individual holistic approach, hence the name BEAUTY AND BALANCE.
We will ensure our prices and treatments continue to be innovative, competitive and inviting. After a personal consultation, our highly trained therapists provide you with professional treatments to suit individual requirements.
Beauty and Balance comprises 4 fully equipped treatment rooms; and a fully stocked retail area and reception. All rooms are tastefully decorated in Treatment Roomneutral shades, appealing to both men and women.
Our specialist staff include 5 highly qualified therapists. We offer a wide range of treatments for both men and women. Popular treatments include …..
Products Display Beauty and Balance demands the highest standards from their therapists. All staff from the receptionist through to the owner are continually involved in Training.
Kitchen Cabinet software Inspirational software to Design House Exterior Unique House Design App Game New is a part of Awesome Of Kitchen Cabinet software	Pics pictures gallery. To download this Kitchen Cabinet software Inspirational software to Design House Exterior Unique House Design App Game New in High Resolution, right click on the image and choose "Save Image As" and then you will get this image about Kitchen Cabinet software Inspirational software to Design House Exterior Unique House Design App Game New.
This digital photography of Kitchen Cabinet software Inspirational software to Design House Exterior Unique House Design App Game New has dimension 2048 × 1280 pixels. You can see another items of this gallery of Awesome Of Kitchen Cabinet software	Pics below. Get interesting article about Awesome Of Kitchen Cabinet software	Pics that may help you.
, we selects the very best libraries having ideal resolution simply for you, and now this photographs is usually considered one of images selections in your greatest photographs gallery in relation to Elegant Of Kitchen Cabinet software
put up by simply beasts in 2018-08-08 23:47:03. To determine just about all photos throughout Elegant Of Kitchen Cabinet software
During World War II, brown tree snakes somehow slithered their way onto the island. Still, with just 210 square miles (543 square km) of land, it's about half t...
Sélectionner un pays Canada French Canada English Australia Belgium Flemish Belgium French France Germany Italy Mexico Netherlands Spain Switzerland United Kingdom Unites States
Fourteen years ago today I was working clinic in Cite Soleil when a Haitian doctor approached me. He was sweaty and nervous and he said, “They just bombed your White House.”
I went into our little pharmacy and I saw Ser Lila, a Polish Sister of the Daughters of Charity, with her ear to a small radio. She looked concerned and told me that a couple of buildings were bombed in New York City.
I was with a good friend of mine, Rich Bertschie, and both of us knew something bad had happened somewhere out east in the United States but we had no idea what.
After clinic was over Rich and I piled in the back of a van and headed out of Soleil. A sweaty market woman walked by us with a huge load of charcoal on her head. She was staring straight ahead. I knew she did not know what had just happened in the States and that it would never affect her day-to-day life in the slum no matter how catastrophic it was. Her whole life was catastrophic.
On the way back to the guesthouse Rich and I just looked at each other and wondered. I remember that we discussed that neither of us would ever forget this day in Soleil. Not knowing what just happened in the States would seal this moment in our minds forever.
I am a physician from Peoria who gets to live my dream in Haiti.	View all posts by John Carroll, MD
A Message from the Director and Interim Director of SBAI: We, along with many of our colleagues, are deeply disturbed and dismayed by the allegations presented in the original EEOC complaint against the University of Rochester. Also disappointing, however, were … Continue reading →
We’re so pleased to be entering our 5th year of partnership with The Little Theatre and WXXI for the Women’s History Month Film Series! Click the image below to look inside the booklet and check out our upcoming screenings!
This blog post is a guest post written by SBAI Program Manager Angela Clark-Taylor and SBAI Student Office Assistant Kirsten Williamson. We already realized how great SBAI’s Program Assistant Kaitlin Legg is. She is friendly, dedicated, and inspiring. When Kaitlin … Continue reading →
This past October 2012 our very own Kaitlin Legg was awarded the 2012 Catharine Rowntree Advocacy Award from Planned Parenthood of the Rochester Syracuse Region (PPRSR). Catharine Rowntree was known for her unfailing graciousness, tenacity, and dedication. The Advocacy Award is … Continue reading →
139 years ago this November, SBAI’s namesake, Rochester’s own Susan B. Anthony voted in the 1872 presidential election. She was later arrested with three of her sisters and other local women who had also voted illegally. 48 years later, and … Continue reading →
Posted in Community	| Tagged #anthonycenter, #election, #SusanBAnthony, #vote, #women'sleadership	| 1 Comment
The Department of Ancient Indian History, Culture & Archaeology, Panjab University, Chandigarh is organizing a special Lecture and Book Launch by Mr. Wilhelmus Borsboom, a Canadian National on December 18, 2015 at 12.00 p.m. in the Departmental Museum of Ancient Indian History, Culture & Archaeology. Sh. Vijay Kumar Dev, IAS, Adviser to Administrator, U.T., Chandigarh has very kindly consented to be the Chief Guest at this function. The Honourable Vice-Chancellor Prof. Arun Kumar Grover will preside over the function. All faculty members are cordially invited and join us at the function.
So, you’re here reading this post because you’re stuck when it comes to gift ideas for your male gymnast. Believe me, I know gifts, in general, can be quite tough to figure out because it is hard to think of the best gift to give to that person.
If I am being honest, males, in general, are hard to shop for and find gifts for! Every year I find myself struggling and stressing out when it comes to purchasing gifts for the men in my family around birthdays and holidays.
If you are like me, then you like giving gifts of meaning while adding some creativity. This post will definitely help give you a handful of ideas when it comes to personal and unique gifts that your male gymnast would appreciate!
Every gymnast needs a gym bag! Where else will your gymnast put all of his stuff during practices and meets?
A duffle bag is ideal and would probably work best. You can get his favorite color(s) and even get his name engraved on it along with his team name or an emblem. If a duffle bag is too big then try something smaller like a drawstring bag that can be personalized as well.
You should be able to find a gym bag in local stores. However, if you prefer the convenience of buying stuff online, Amazon has a great variety of them from the different brands with different styles, colors, and sizes all in one “store”.
You can never go wrong with buying your gymnast a leo because there is no such thing as too much leos!
Seriously, gymnasts LIVE in leos and are always asking for new ones because they are either worn out, maybe they grew out of them, or their style probably changed. There are so many different types of leos out there in the world so have a variety to pick from.
I always enjoy giving and receiving ornaments especially if it is for a holiday or if your gymnast’s birthday is around the holidays.
Ornaments are personal and have meaning. You can purchase any type of gymnastics ornament and get it personalized with a quote, a little note, your gymnast’s name, maybe his team, or maybe just the year. Ornaments are something the person will have forever, so it is always nice to look back at what your gymnast has done and accomplished in his life.
What better way to organize your gymnast’s ribbons and medals than to get an award display? You do not necessarily have to purchase this one at a store because you can also make one yourself, and have fun doing it!
To give an example, I had made one for a gymnast I know. I purchased a white plaque, small wooden letters, and gymnastics stickers from my local craft store. I painted the wooden letters with my gymnast’s favorite colors and spelled out: “Isabella’s Gymnastics Medals”.
If you are not a creative person or simply do not have the time to put something like this together, then I suggest Etsy. You can literally find anything personalized and unique on Etsy and you will be supporting people’s small businesses!
I am suggesting this because I use mine every single day during physical activity and throughout the day in general. A Hydro Flask is a type of water bottle that will keep your cold drinks ice cold, or your hot drinks hot.
They sell different types of hydro flasks and they also sell them in all different sizes and colors. You can also personalize one if you like as well. Another thing that I like about these water bottles is that they do not break easily at all. In fact, my Hydro Flask has been thrown, dropped, left outside during storms (and during the blistering summer heat) and there is not one sign to show! My Hydro Flask seriously looks brand new and I am hoping that it stays like that so I will have it forever!
This is just a great idea because your gymnast will be able to have cold water all of the time for when he works hard.
Hydro Flask is a very established brand. So, you depending on where you are, you might be able to buy their double vacuum insulated water bottles in local stores which carry their brand. If not, you can just purchase online on their site. Another option is that, if you have an Amazon Prime membership, you can get them on Amazon with free shipping (everyone loves this) with your Prime membership.
This is an idea for when you are last minute in getting a gift. You cannot go wrong with purchasing a gift card because it gives your gymnast the option to pick out whatever he wants, needs, or even likes. Maybe he needs more active shorts or a new pair of sneakers. Maybe he needs equipment for home training or new grips for meets.
A gift card is also beneficial to give when it comes to not knowing the size(s) of the gymnast you are purchasing for. Whatever the case may be, he will surely appreciate the gift card for sure because it will be put to good use!
If you want your gymnast to have even more flexibility in what he wants or needs. An Amazon gift card would be a great choice. You can easily purchase it online on their website, have it custom made with your own design or pictures, and print it at home! Click here to purchase a custom made and print at home Amazon gift card.
Gymnasts love supporting their team so purchasing an article of clothing from his gym store would be a great gift. Maybe you could purchase a team jacket or sweatshirt and have the item of clothing personalized with his name on it. Gymnastics is year round but meets are usually during the cooler months, so it will keep him not only stylish during meet season but warm as well!
If a team jacket or sweatshirt is out of the picture then maybe there is a shirt that has an inspirational quote that you think describes his hard work and dedication that he would wear. Do not think that the gym stores only sell shirts and sweatshirts, they have sweatpants too that will relate to his team or even the USA Gymnastics team!
I know that when I was involved in sports as a kid, I always had posters hanging up to remind me that I can accomplish anything I put my mind to. Gymnastics is an extremely hard sport and a lot of people do not understand that. People do not get that it takes days, weeks, months, and even years to accomplish a skill and how hard you have to work in gymnastics.
Yeah, it may look easy at times but I promise you that gymnasts put their entire heart into the sport. Sometimes gymnasts can get discouraged because of a fear or mental block that they have, so motivational/inspiring posters are a good reminder to your gymnast that he is amazing, is doing a great job, and to not give up on his goals and dreams!
Please feel free to comment below to give any feedback, advice, or ideas that we may have missed when it comes to purchasing male gymnasts gifts!
Maureen is the owner of Alliance Massage Therapy Centre. Through 20 years of massage experience, Maureen has accumulated extensive skills in all aspects of massage therapy’s facets. Altering each treatment to the specific needs of the client, Maureen is dedicated to finding the treatment plan with the highest level of success.
Mike has over 21 years of experience as a Registered Massage Therapist in British Columbia and he also speaks fluent Polish. His treatments focus on managing pain through a variety of deep tissue techniques, such as:
Denise graduated from the 3000 hour program at WCCMT in 2005. She is dedicated to achieving a high standard of care with an emphasis on patient home care and client education. The knowledge she has acquired assists her treatment of a variety of issues including:
Cheri joined our clinic staff right after graduating from West Coast College of Massage Therapy in 1999. She brings her aptitude for sports into her treatments, as she is a marathon runner and played varsity field hockey while attending Simon Fraser University to attain her degree in Kinesiology.
Alecia graduated with her Registered Massage Therapy BSC (RMT) in 1999. One of Alecia’s main interests is in sports rehabilitation. She represented Canada by playing softball in the Olympics held in Atlanta in 1996.
Jennifer graduated in 2004 from West Coast College of Massage. She is interested in all forms of therapy, including:
Kathleen graduated in 2015 from West Coast College of Massage Therapy with a diploma in massage therapy. She brings a wealth of experience in the field of massage therapy, with her career background as a holistic practitioner for over 10 years. In the pursuit of increased knowledge; continuing education has allowed Kathleen to integrate her treatment style. Her main approach to treatment focuses on muscle imbalances, structural alignment and soft tissue restrictions, and she is versatile and adaptive according to the condition presented. Some of the manual techniques she uses include: myofascial release, joint mobilizations, trigger point therapy, deep tissue; and deep relaxation techniques to help calm the nervous system. Kathleen loves her active lifestyle, and she often explores the coastal mountain range in the summer and winter months. Kathleen looks forward to meeting new clients, and is dedicated to helping them achieve optimal health and wellness.
Graduating from the West Coast College of Massage Therapy’s 3000 hour program in 2013, Lea has been working full time as a Registered Massage Therapist ever since. Whether it be lingering back pain, headaches and migraines, or a new injury from an accident or fall, Lea has the knowledge to treat them all. Some of her techniques include deep tissue massage, soft tissue rehabilitation, and myofascial release.
When not helping people with their rehabilitation process, you can find Lea on the hiking trails around the Lower Mainland with her dog or watching late night movies at the Drive-In Theatre.
Cosmina has been practicing as a Registered Massage Therapist since 2015. She is passionate about health, wellness, and the therapeutic benefits of massage therapy. She is committed to working with clients to develop a treatment plan that supports their individual goals for rehabilitation, mobility and optional function. Her treatment methods include:
In her spare time, Cosmina enjoys being outdoors and is active in running, dancing, Pilates, hiking and paddle boarding.
Isabelle graduated from the 3000 hour program at West Coast College of Massage Therapy in 2011. Her passion to help those in need adds to her treatments in improving their well-being. She loves to motivate each patient, individually, to be proactive in their lives as an important part of of leading a healthy lifestyle. Isabelle is active herself, playing volleyball regularly, as well as partaking in a variety of seasonal outdoor activities. She utilizes modalities such as myofascial release, trigger point release, joint mobilizations, and Swedish massage that accommodate to treatments of chronic pain, stress management, headache/migraine relief, postural imbalances, and sports injury rehab.
Ramina was born and raised in Iran and always dreamed of a career in the medical field. She is a graduate of the 3000 hour program at West Coast College of Massage Therapy. She enjoys getting outdoors to explore BC’s hiking trails, doing aerobics and jogging. Ramina is passionate about massage therapy and the way it benefits her patients. Her treatment techniques include:
Megan graduated from the 3000 hour program at West Coast College of Massage Therapy. She is a competitive dancer and practices yoga on a daily basis. Megan treats a variety of conditions, including:
She also has experience with treating patients with Parkinson’s Disease, Cerebral Palsy and Fibromyalgia.
Megan graduated in 2013 from WCCMT after completing their 3000 hour program. She brings with her great a depth of knowledge regarding therapeutic massage and experience in treating sports injuries, vehicle collision injuries, and a variety of other soft tissue strains and injuries. She is passionate about ultra running, rock climbing, and extreme skiing. Her enthusiasm for mountain sports shows in her knowledge about injuries related to the great strain these sports place on a person’s body.
Dr. Basra believes in an integrated approach to chiropractic care. Treatments combine the effectiveness of chiropractic, deep tissue massage, Active Release Techniques (ART), physical therapy, sports rehabilitation and core strengthening. Through the utilization of a multi-disciplinary approach to chiropractic care and sound patient education on home care procedures, her goal as a successful physician is to solve the root of your current problem and prevent the reoccurrence of pain and injury.
Conditions treated include neck and lower back pain, headaches, carpal tunnel syndrome, TMJ pain, extremity pain (shoulder, elbow, wrist, hip, knee and ankle), as well as auto and sports injuries.
Each treatment session is half an hour long. Treatments include a comprehensive history and examination, referral to your medical doctor for any necessary x-rays if needed, and implementation of a personalized treatment plan. Treatment plans are supported by sound patient education which allows for a successful partnership in reaching set health goals.
Dr. Basra is a graduate of the University of British Columbia and completed her Doctorate of Chiropractic from the University of Southern California Health Sciences in 1998. She has been in private practice in the greater Vancouver area since 2000.
Suzanna is a Registered Acupuncturist. She graduated from the International College of Traditional Chinese Medicine in April 1995. She has experience treating a variety of conditions related to chronic neck/back pain, tendinitis, soft tissue injuries, fertility, digestive issues and frozen shoulder to name a few. It has proven beneficial for many people to combine massage and acupuncture treatments for optimum recovery and health.
Streamate is partnering with webmasters, bloggers or just about anybody who wants to make some extra money by telling people about our site. Head on over to https://cambuilder.com/ to get started.
Streamate LIVE SEX CAM is the best quality live webcam available. Chat for free live 1-on-1 with these hotties, watch a show you'll never forget or join in on the action and let them see and hear you with our cam2cam feature! Streamate is the most popular live cam community featuring sexy amateurs and pornstars from all over the world.
Taking this a finger in her mouth, Alain slaver it without hesitation and paste it on the entire length in the ass.
Stas shivered with pleasure. Meanwhile, Light is who has put a strap, began to masturbate and suck his cock.
This entry was posted in Adult free cam. and tagged Alain, cams, chat, chaturbate, exhibitionist, free, live, pornstar.
“We acknowledged and supported each other as artists when the world of fine art refused us entry…Together we broke down barriers that would have been so much more difficult faced alone.”— Daphne Odjig
Celebrated artist Daphne Odjig was born in 1919 on the Wikwemikong Reserve, Manitoulin Island. Her heritage is a combination of Odawa, Potawatomi and English roots, the Native aspects of which were revealed to Odjig as a child on sketching excursions with her grandfather. From him, a stone-carver, she learned not only the legends of her ancestors, but also the use of curvilinear design for which she has become so well known.
Odjig had painted for most of the years of her life, but it was in the 1960's that she began to exhibit a deliberately Native perspective in her work and, like her grandfather, felt compelled to try to instruct the young about their heritage. To do so, she began to focus her art-making upon the legends, joys and realities of aboriginal life, while simultaneously refining her signature style of utilizing clear colours, soft, curving contours enclosed in black outlining, transparency and overlapping of shapes and modernist, abstracted figuration.
Odjig became a founding member of the first Canadian Native-run printmaking operation, the Canadian Professional Native Artist Association, or the "Native Group of Seven" as they were described in the 70's. By this time , she was exhibiting her work several times a year, and had already gained international exposure in the United States, Europe and Japan. Her numerous awards include Honorary Doctorates of Letters from Laurentian University and the University of Toronto and more recently from Okanagan University College in June 2002, Thompson Rivers University in Kamloops in 2007, appointment to The Order of Canada, and the election to the Royal Canadian Academy of Art. In 2007, she was also given the governor's General award for Lifetime Achievement in the Visual Arts, followed by investiture into the Order of British Columbia. She also received the Award for Lifetime Achievement from the Okanagan Arts Awards in 2010. In addition, in 1978 she was presented with an Eagle Feather by Chief Wakageshig on behalf of the Wikwemikong Reserve, in recognition of her artistic accomplishments- an honour previously reserved for men to acknowledge prowess in hunt or war. Documentaries by the CBC, the National Film Board and Tokyo Television have been made about Odjig, and she's completed commissions such as those for Expo '70 in Japan, Royal Ontario Museum, and the 27-foot mural at the Museum of Civilization, "The Indian in Transition".
Highly stylized portrayals of human interaction, activities and relationships, particularly in the context of Native culture, dominate Odjig's painting, drawing and printmaking. Circular motifs predominate, signifying to Odjig "completion, perfection, and ...woman,". In her own words "As an artist and as a person I have been impressed since childhood with the process that takes us from the inner image to the external reality of an image. For me it has been an endless source of delight and wonderment that awareness, thoughts and recognitions can come seemingly unbidden from an inner source that, in adulthood, I learned to call the unconscious. I know now as an adult, that every one of us is a fusion of the eternal, of ancestral wisdom or caution as well, a seer of the future- but some part of us always remains capable of responding to here and now with originality."
Designs inspired by Daphne's work have been used to produce clothing used in the National Aboriginal Achievement Awards in March of 2003.Recently more designs from her work have been used for ties, scarves and bandanas. In 2010 a line of children's clothing called the Nanabush collection was released in conjunction with reprinting the Nanabush series of books that Daphne illustrated previously.A collection of fine women's coats and jackets have also been released.
In 2007, 2008 and 2009 shows of Daphne Odjig's works were crisscrossing North America. Forty years of her prints were being shown in Kamloops, BC and the Museum of Civilization in Ottawa, ON while forty years of her originals were being shown in Sudbury, ON, Kamloops,BC, Klienburg, ON The Institute of American Indian Art in Sante Fe, NM, Regina, SK and the National Gallery in Ottawa.
Daphne is the first Aboriginal female to have a one person show at the National Gallery. This is yet another milestone that Daphne achieved in her lifetime.
Born on 1919 in Wikwemikong Reserve, Manitoulin Island, ON Canada. Died on 2016. Nationality is Odawa, Canadian
Only hard ass teens in love with dick posing unclothed and fucking for hours during some of the most exclusive and flooding rated casting videos. time of life stranded for cash or avid for erotica during casting moments, all in a huge number of videos available only in this postgraduate rated category. A complete collection of insane adult videos in which girls of various ages are presenting their nude assets.
Andra. Age: 20. whatever your specific needs are, you'll find that i'm very attentive, and an excellent companion to compliment your entire social and intimate needs...
30% Off for this Summer, use this coupon code: SUM17 Key Filehosts: Keep2Share’s traffic is now 5 GB per day (Instead of 1GB per day). transfer from ALL Filehosts as a agiotage user at incredibly fast speeds! Uploaded.net: 35 GB per day Rapidgator.net: 27 GB per day. Cast: Ashley Blue, Bailey, Cindy Crawford, Liv Wylder, range of mountains Sinn This is not just another anal movie!
Elisabeth. Age: 25. this page is the mirror of what can you see at the first glance when you look at me: someone delicate and gentle, rafined and witty, smart and with a great and decent sense of humor...
WARNING: This Website contains explicit adult material. You may only get in this website if you are at to the lowest degree 18 years of age, or at least the age of figure in the powerfulness where you domicile or from which you approach this Website. If you do not meet these requirements, point in time you do not have permission to use the Website.
Praguecats. Age: 31. i like to have a nice moment with an older man 45+ non smoking because i like to taste you and kiss you every part of your body...
A Study to Test Combination Treatments in People With Advanced Renal Cell Carcinoma | Canadian Cancer Trials - Trial Details
The purpose of this study is to test the effectiveness and safety of various nivolumab combinations compared to nivolumab and ipilimumab in participants with advanced kidney cancer
Print this page and take it to your doctor to discuss your eligibilty and treatment options. Only your doctor can refer you to a clinical trial.
This is a phase II single centre open label single arm pre-operative window of metformin treatment in stage I-IIIa Non small cell lung cancer. In which patients will be invited to participate by receiving Metformin treatment during 14 to 21 days at 850 mg BID until the day before surgery. They will be followed closely for any Adverse Events during treatment and 30 days after surgery. During treatment there will be no follow up tests except 1 fasting blood glucose at week 2 of treatment. Survival data will be prospectively gathered after study treatment has ended until death.
Title of study: Phase II study of single agent pre-operative metformin in patients with clinical stage I
IIIA NSCLC proceeding to surgical resection. 'Lung Metcore Study' Objectives: To evaluate the effects of short-term pre-operative exposure to metformin in operable stages I to IIIA NSCLC. Primary end-points:
The difference in the proportion of proliferating NSCLC cells (measured by comparing Ki67 levels) prior to and after metformin treatment.
The rate of apoptosis of NSCLC (measured by the TUNEL assay) prior to and after metformin treatment. Secondary end-points:
The safety and tolerability of preoperative metformin administration in NSCLC, as assessed by National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (NCI CTCAE [version 4.0])
Pathologic changes in lung tissue after metformin administration. Study Design: This trial is designed as a single centre, open label, single arm Phase II study of a pre-operative window of metformin treatment in stages I
IIIA NSCLC. The efficacy of metformin will be assessed by its effects on markers of cellular proliferation and apoptosis. Exploratory analysis of molecular markers of the hypothesized effects of metformin in NSCLC will also be carried out. Furthermore, changes in serum ligands to growth signaling pathways in lung cancer with metformin treatment will be measured. Number of patients: Thus, the total expected sample size is approximately 50 patients, anticipating minimal loss of eligible participants through treatment intolerance or acceleration of surgery. Accrual is estimated at 1.5 to 2 patients per month for 25 to 33 months, based on accrual rates for a recent pre-operative window thoracic surgical study at UHN. • Metformin will be started at a dose of 850mg daily then increased to 850mg b.i.d. (morning and evening) after 5 days as tolerated. Treatment will be given from the time of enrollment till the evening prior to surgery. Correlatives: The following molecular and serological correlative biomarkers will be considered covariates in the analysis of primary endpoints of the phase II study. Covariate pretreatment values and changes in covariate values (where applicable) will be used to estimate the relationship between covariates and patient's Ki67 or apoptotic response using logistic regression. It is noted that several covariates are being tested and the number of patients being analyzed is small, thus, some tests may be statistically significant due to chance even if no association exists.
PROTEIN MARKERS OF RECEPTORS AND ACTIVATED PATHWAYS TO mtor IN NSCLC (Comparison between pre-treatment biopsies and post-resection specimens by immunohistochemistry):
VASCULARITY IN NSCLC (Comparison between pre-treatment biopsies and post-resection specimens by immunohistochemistry):
SERUM LIGANDS TO SIGNALLING PATHWAYS IN NSCLC (Comparison between pre-treatment biopsies and post-resection specimens by ELISA):
Adiponectin Statistics: Patients who completed metformin treatment will have the Ki67 and apoptosis scores compared between samples obtained pre and post-metformin treatment. Changes in Ki67 and apoptotic scores with metformin treatment will be correlated with the biomarkers of various pathways hypothesized to mediate an effect of metformin on NSCLC development.
Great offer for Mystic! - Big discount on all products of Mystic Brand! We go 25% down from the original price!
Farm House Clip Art was posted in November 30, 2017 at 4:13 am. Farm House Clip Art has been viewed by 217 users. If you want to use this wallpaper, please click the download link below to go to the download page. Right click the image and select "Save Image As" to download the Farm House Clip Art to your computer or select "Set Desktop Background As" if your browser has that capability.
The last few weeks I have been “off.” I have been extremely tired, lack motivation, and am moody. Today, I had another example of how my brain is changing.
I was tidying up the bedroom and began to move items in order to dust. I started to pile things on the dresser. I was not being careful but, for some reason, didn’t really care. As I continued, I looked at my South African art ostrich egg that was dangerously positioned underneath the piled up items.I remember looking at it and thinking I should move it or else it will fall.
Well, guess what… it fell. Even though I had the initial thought of moving this precious piece of art, I didn’t. I don’t know why. All that I know is that the fragile Osterich egg fell and shattered.
Dawn came running into the room and after surveying the floor she began to tear up. She knew how important this piece of art was to me. A number of years ago, while working in South Africa, I bought this art Osterich egg. It was the same day I went to Nelson Mandela’s museum. I carefully carried it home and have always handled it with kid gloves. It meant a lot to me on an emotional level.
Strange. As I collected the pieces, it made me quite sad. But it was more than just a broken art piece. I felt sad because my brain did not do what it should have. One part of my brain should have said “danger, danger” this could fall and break. Another part of my brain should have then taken that piece of information and move the egg. It didn’t.
As I looked down at the pieces, I thought to myself, this is like my brain. I now have these pieces that are disjointed and not connected anymore. So yes, the brain is still working, but not in the way it should, much like Humpty Dumpty. It is quite a visual analogy for me.
As I lay contemplating this latest episode, I realize that just like Humpty Dumpty, I will not have someone who can fix me. Research and medical solutions are too far off in the future to be able to have the solution to glue those disjointed pieces of my brain back together.
With having dementia, I am very well aware that I can present as looking just fine. But, my brain is sick and struggling. I will just have to continue to do my best and balance on the wall to the best of my ability.
Mary Beth regular sends out her journals. If you would like to receive all her posts or just connect with her, send her an email.
Adding jewelry and watches to your collection of accessories can easily breathe new life into your wardrobe. From necklaces and earrings to diamond watches and precious gemstones, the selection of jewelry you can choose from will always amaze. And don’t forget to browse through the vast collection of men’s jewelry as well, including men’s bracelets and men’s rings.
Watches are about more than just telling time. They bring an added sense of your personal style to any ensemble. With different tones to choose from, such as black and gold, rose gold and white gold, the color of your watch is an important part of the selection process.
For women, the aesthetic of fashion jewelry has spread to the world of watches. With stainless steel watch straps that come in almost any color and watch faces that feature graphics like skulls, hearts and anchors, gone is the classic, plain look of women’s watches.
Adorn your neck with a beautiful pendant necklace. Whether you choose a simple charm, like a ribbon or heart, or the initial letter of your first name, it’s easy to personalize your necklace with the perfect statement piece. You can also go for a more elegant look with necklaces that feature gemstones like emeralds and sapphires.
Jewelry and watches featuring diamond accents lend a timeless, sophisticated appearance to your outfit. But if it’s a fun, more approachable look you want, browse through the selection of fashion jewelry. Brightly colored beaded earrings, glass-tone acrylic necklaces and beaded stretch bracelets are just some of the pieces you’ll discover in fashion jewelry.
For the ultimate in jewelry and watches, shop Macy’s today. You’ll find everything from fine jewelry for her to men’s jewelry for him, not to mention one of the broadest selections of men’s watches and women’s watches around! Looking for huge savings? Shop our Black Friday Deals, Black Friday Jewelry Deals, Cyber Monday Deals and Christmas Gift Guide!
Looking for gift ideas? Shop Macy’s gift guides for almost every event, including our picks of Mother’s Day gifts and Father’s Day gifts to make mom and dad smile.
Kindle is our most affordable e-reader—now with a touchscreen display, exclusive Kindle features, twice the storage, and more.
Kindle is purpose-built for reading. Indulge your love of reading without interruptions like email alerts and push notifications. The weeks-long battery life allows you to read for weeks on a single charge. Kindle uses actual ink particles and proprietary, hand-built fonts to create crisp text similar to what you see in a physical book. Kindle is lighter than most paperback books, making it easy and comfortable to hold in one hand for extended periods of time.
Every time your eyes switch from a bright screen to a dimmer, ambient room, your eyes have to adjust, which may result in fatigue. With Kindle, the page is the same brightness as everything else in the room, so there’s no adjustment needed. Choose from eight text sizes to prevent tired eyes and keep you reading longer.
With Page Flip, you can skim page-by-page, scan by chapter, or skip to the end for a sneak peek without losing your place.
Add margin notes that you can edit, delete, or even export from your device to your computer. Share highlighted sections and meaningful quotes on Facebook, Twitter, and Goodreads, and see passages frequently highlighted by other Kindle readers.
It’s even easier to find what you are looking for by combining and previewing results from your Library, Goodreads, and the Kindle Store on the same page.
Family Library links your Amazon account to that of your spouse or partner. For the first time, you and your family can access and easily share not only your own Kindle books, but also books from the Amazon account of a spouse or partner.
Word Wise, available on many popular English language titles, makes it easier to enjoy and quickly understand more challenging books. Short and simple definitions automatically appear above difficult words, so you can keep reading with fewer interruptions. Tap on a word to bring up a simple card with definitions, synonyms, and more. You can adjust the number of hints you see with a simple slider.
X-Ray’s new timeline view lets you easily flip through notable passages to remind yourself of what’s happened in the book, or navigate easily through images. X-Ray lets you explore the “Bones of the Book.” See all the passages across a book that mention relevant ideas, fictional characters, historical figures, places, or topics of interest.
With About the Book, see information about the book as you start to read, including its place in a series and author information, plus mark it as “Currently Reading” on Goodreads.
Shop Amazon’s expansive selection, choose a title, and begin reading in seconds. Download books in under 60 seconds—no computer required. Connect easily to your home Wi-Fi network or Wi-Fi hotspots on the road. Enjoy free Wi-Fi access at AT&T hotspots across the U.S. With our fast, free wireless delivery, borrow Kindle books from your public library and start reading on your Kindle.
Kindle E-reader, 6" Glare-Free Touchscreen Display, Wi-Fi (Previous Generation – 7th) $99.99 (as of June 4, 2017, 9:53 pm)
Miracle Noodle Shirataki Angel Hair Pasta and Shirataki Fettuccini $29.99 (as of November 16, 2016, 10:04 am) $19.99
Asian Organic Gluten Free Pasta 3 Flavor Variety Bundle $28.85 (as of November 16, 2016, 10:04 am) $19.44
Orgain Ready-To-Drink Certified Organic Meal Replacement $22.49 – $35.17 (as of November 16, 2016, 10:02 am)
Weber Seasoning, Roasted Garlic and Herb, 7.75 Ounce - 2 Pack $14.90 (as of November 16, 2016, 10:05 am)
IZZE Fortified Sparkling Juice, 8.4-Ounce Cans (Pack of 24) $14.69 – $16.49 (as of November 16, 2016, 10:03 am)
Thick curls that line the face to highlight facial features are popular with black women. Properly styled curly hair can really grab some eyeballs. A high updo may be a good choice for natural curly hair. Apart from that, you can leave your hair and frame the curls on both …
Bobs are definitely not a new trend! However, they are very popular as they can look sexy here and there with loose curls. So we’ve hand-picked 10 of the best curly bob hairstyles to help you choose the right one that you can wear with ease.
Curly hairstyles are often regarded as a curse for the women who have natural curls. This is not the only way to make it attractive. In this article, we present some of the most beautiful examples that curly hair is, in fact, a blessing. Curly hairstyles represent beautiful textures that …
The hair type is crucial to get the glory of the ladies in a great way. Medium hairstyles for girls with curly hair is life for curly hair ladies. Curly hair could be very hard to fix a design. The curly hair is of course casual on occasion and casually …
Due to its versatility and beautiful structure curly hair could be pinned up, tied again, split or simply falsified to a short hairstyle. Whether you have long or short curly hair or not, you could usually look for revolutionary options and concepts to get it right. Typically, curly girls often …
Curly Hair and Pixie look absolutely awesome, so today we want to show you the best curly elf hair ideas that will blow you away! Pixie cuts are perfect for curly hair because they are easy to style and perfect for modern looks. Long pixie with tapered haircut and 1. …
Healthy curls and waves can be difficult to maintain, but they are definitely worth it. Especially if you are blessed with naturally curly textures – that looks beautiful and sweet at the same time. Having the right cut and good hair products will be so helpful for the styling process …
2018 brought along some pretty impressive curly hairstyles, including a whole bunch of “textured” curly hairstyles. With 2017 approaching, we have seen an even greater influx of curly hairstyles on social media sites, indicating that this year will definitely be full of amazing curly hairstyles – regardless of your natural …
The following curly hairstyles are a combination of nature and style. If you are fortunate to have naturally curly hair, then it is more about the cut, but for those of you not blessed with natural curls there are many beautiful styles that you can easily do at home. While …
Integrity is a fundamental quality, that if not practiced leads to a state of confusion in everyone around you. If you are not true to your word, who would want to do business with you or be your friend for that matter? Something that I was taught a long time ago, is "say what you mean and mean what you say!" The Bible says in Matthew 5:37 “But let your statement be, ‘Yes, yes ‘ or ‘No, no ‘; anything beyond these is of evil.” I guess that sums it up...living without integrity is evil. You don't have to stay there...
Does that mean if someone stumbles, they totally lack integrity? Maybe for a time their integrity will come into question. Once integrity has been compromised, it is difficult to regain the trust from others that you once had. Not impossible...but can be VERY difficult. I believe in instilling hope in people where hope seems gone. That is why when someone has gone through a time in their life where they have been less than truthful...they can still pick up the pieces of their life and begin again with integrity at the center of their new beginning.
Take a look at the quote with this picture..."If it is not right, do not do it. If it is not true, do not say it." This is very good advise for all of us to follow when we want others to realize that we are people of integrity.
If you want others to treat you with integrity...you must treat them with like kind. I'm certain that being a person of truth and integrity and living a life with all honesty is the ticket to living a life free from guilt and despair.
The opposite of that is living a life of hypocrisy, guilt and dishonesty...what a sad way to live out your life.
Make a change today to live with integrity...whether anyone notices or not...it's just he right thing to do!
Fly like an eagle...soar through life with integrity and the knowledge that God's strength will carry you through every trial.
Ten Things Nobody Told You About Foam Covers – foam covers | Allowed to my personal blog site, with this period We’ll show you about keyword. And now, this is the first impression: Think about impression preceding? is usually in which incredible???. if you think maybe so, I’l m teach you many photograph yet again […]
Infographic Reveals 4 Analytical Acceptance to Consider Aback Selecting a Anamnesis Cream Mattress Topper Here’s What No One Tells You About How To Choose The Best Mattress Topper – how to choose the best mattress topper | Allowed to be able to the website, in this time period I am going to teach you in […]
You apperceive how afflicted you can feel in the morning afterwards you “sleep wrong.” Annealed neck, askance shoulders, a bound and abscessed back, and leg cramps are aloof some of the complaints that you may have. Here we will appearance you how to abate these issues and get a admirable night’s blow on mattress by […]
MORE accouchement are active in abjection than at any added time in the accomplished 10 years, with 4.1 actor accouchement beyond the UK active beneath the breadline. There are 400,000 accouchement in the UK who do not accept a bed of their own. Without about to blow their head, bedtime routines become difficult, accent levels […]
The Insider Picks aggregation writes about being we anticipate you’ll like. Business Insider has associate partnerships, so we get a allotment of the acquirement from your purchase. You apperceive that accomplished affair about walking a mile in a person’s shoes afore you assume to accept their lives? Well, it goes for sleeping, too. See, I […]
You can get some hasty things at IKEA. Andreas Rentz/Getty Images IKEA is a basic for abounding back it comes to affordable appliance and domiciliary items. But the Swedish aggregation sells some abrupt items that alike the best adeptness IKEA client ability not apperceive about. From solar panels and sustainable, wild-caught seafood to a couch […]
Rita Moreno has fabricated no abstruse of the actuality that Marlon Brando was the “lust” of her life. In 2017, she appear that a black-and-white photo of the amateur in his 1950s prime is displayed in her bedchamber in her Berkeley home, a keepsake of their arid eight-year activity that she says about dead her. […]
Image: Pexels By Team CommerceMashable Deals2018-06-21 09:30:00 UTC The sun ascent beforehand and animated brighter than usual, the baking heat, the adamant pit stains, and the arrival of bells invitations you accept in the mail — ah, summer is assuredly here. This division is the absolute time to asperous it out in the abundant outdoors, […]
Hewlett Packard Action (NYSE: HPE) today appear the barrage of an evolution convenance with specialized abilities for analytic big abstracts problems through Memory-Driven Computing, leveraging the adeptness of Hewlett Packard Labs and HPE Pointnext. Through HPE Pointnext advising and able casework capabilities, the aggregation will assignment with leading-edge barter to assay Memory-Driven Accretion applications and […]
EDMONTON, Alberta, March 4, 2014 /PRNewswire/ — To sleep, or not to sleep–with your pet–that was the catechism Novosbed.com, the zero-risk anamnesis cream mattress company, asked barter in a contempo analysis blame off National Beddy-bye Awareness Week. A EDMONTON, Alberta, March 4, 2014 /PRNewswire/ — To sleep, or not to sleep–with your pet–that was the […]
Surfing Canary Islands - Surfing in the Canary Islands: 13 Staggering Waves to Catch all Year Round Europe’s answer to Hawaii, the Canary Islands are a place of endless summer. The...
We have been asked if we would like to mention this possibility for handball players and coaches, and off cause we would like to support projects like that, so here goes:
This aims to promote handball as a means to help kids from disadvantaged backgrounds through sport. It works with local schools and social workers and is currently looking for handballers as volonteers to work as coaches with the kids in South Africa for between 3-6 months.
Free download lesson plan, resume sample and terms paper in PDF. Download or read online on handisport59.org
Dear Audrey & Robin, in this year we have managed to top last years success again! The HOP TOP Show has marked its good reputation and gathered very positive feedback! Thank you very much for a terrifie HOP TOP Show fabuloso inspired the public and the press -this would have not been possible without your commitment, your professional work and your fantastic showacts! Together we created an unparalleled event which revived the theme of Myths, Tales and Legends in an exhilarating horse show. We hope you enjoyed your participation as much as we did and that you will keep your appearance in a positive memory. Best regards, Your EQUITANA Team
Let’s say I want to try something on a list in Python. While I usually like to call my test list objects “mylist”, I sometimes forget, and create a variable named “list”:
If you’re like me, then you might not immediately notice that you’ve just defined a variable whose name is the same as a built-in type. Other languages might have defined “list” as a reserved word, such that you cannot define it. (Just try creating a variable named “if”, and you’ll see what I mean.) But Python won’t stop you. This means that now, instead of type(list) returning “type” (i.e., indicating that list is a data type), it’ll say:
What’s going on here? How was I able to turn lists into strings? And how did deleting “list” suddenly restore things? The answer is: Python’s scoping rules. They are fairly simple to understand, and very consistent (as you would expect from Python), but have implications that can cause all sorts of weirdness if you’re not sure of what to expect. The Python scoping rules are Local, Enclosing Function, Global, and Builtins, often abbreviated as “LEGB.” This means that when Python encounters an identifier (variable or function) name, it will look for the name as follows:
If you have defined a function within a function (and beginners really shouldn’t be doing this), then Python will look in the enclosing function,
As a last resort, Python looks in the __builtins__ module, the namespace in which Python’s standard and built-in types are located.
there are no functions, and thus no L or E to consider. Python will look in G, the global namespace, meaning the current file. If there is an x defined there, then great; that’s what will be printed. If there is no x defined in the current file, then Python will look in __builtins__, which doesn’t have an x, and we’ll get a NameError exception — meaning, Python doesn’t know what name you’re talking about. So far, so good, right? Well, now consider what happens when we define a new variable, by assigning it a value. If you define the variable inside of a function, then it’s in the “local” scope. If you define the variable at the top level of a file, then it’s in the “global” scope. And if you define it in the __builtins__ module (and you really shouldn’t be doing that), then it’ll be in the “builtins” scope. When we defined “list” (e.g., “list = ‘abc'”), we were defining a new variable in the global scope. We didn’t replace or remove the builtin “list” at all! Indeed, the builtin “list” is still available if we use its full name, __builtins__.list:
The problem, then, isn’t that we have replaced the built-in “list”, but rather that we have masked it. Once we have defined “list” in the global scope, all naked references to “list” in that file — as well as in functions defined within that file — will see our global variable “list”, rather than __builtins__.list. How, then, did it help for me to delete “list”? Because del(list) doesn’t delete __builtins__.list. (You can do that, by the way, but that’s for another blog post.) Rather, del(list) in our case deletes “list” from the global scope. When we then ask Python for type(list), it looks in L, E, and G, and doesn’t find anything. It thus goes to __builtins__, finds “list”, and returns us the type of “list”, which is once again a “type” or “class”. Whew! If you enjoyed this, then you might like my three-day, online Python class, which includes such tidbits. The course will begin on January 14th (read more about it at masterpython.com). You can also subscribe to my free, exclusive technology newsletter.
Direction; Put oven on high broil, let heat for 5-10 min while you prepare the salmon. Wash salmon with cold water, then blot dry and set a side. Mix dill, organic seasoning, crushed red pepper together and set a side. Cut lemon in thin slices, Cut the butter in thin slices. Put the season mixture on both sides of the salmon steaks and then arrange them in the baking pan. Place the lemon slices on the salmon steak, Place butter slices on the salmon steaks. Put the pan with the salmon steaks in the oven on the top rack, Broil for seven minutes (7 minutes). Remove and serve. (I had it with cherry tomatoes, orange slices and tea).
Thank you to everyone that entered – I was blown away with the response! And a HUGE thank you to Garrett, Your Blog Mechanic, Bespoke Packaging & Laugh & Grow Press for your generous contributions. Have a great weekend. Kelly
I’m so excited to announce the launch of my new action set “Little Pieces – Workflow”! It will be on sale from Monday 13th January 2014.
To celebrate I am giving away an entire set along with these other amazing prizes from Garrett, Your Blog Mechanic, Bespoke Packaging and Laugh & Grow Press.
I have chosen these three businesses to be apart of this giveaway as they were all involved in the revamp that my business so desperately needed in 2013.
Garrett is A wiz when it comes WordPress – something I’m absolutely terrible with and just didn’t have the time to learn. He gave my blog a complete overhaul and fine tuned my SEO so that I’m now on the first page of Google for potential clients to find me. His prize will give you the tools to get you the best possible Google ranking for your business in 2014. Bespoke Packaging offer simple yet stylish and elegant packaging options that can be customised for your business which is why I love them, they have given my products the finishing touch that my clients love and appreciate. And Laugh & Grow Press is responsible for my new logo which I absolutely adore and all of the other beautiful features on my blog. She has kindly donated her Simply Announcing Template Collection.
The competition will close on Friday 10th January at 10pm (Australian Eastern Standard Time). The winner will be selected using Random.org and announced on my facebook page.
This entry was posted in Babies, Newborns, Products and tagged Actions, Actions for Newborns, baby, baby photography, Brisbane baby photographer, Brisbane newborn photographer, Brisbane newborn photography, Brisbane photographer, little pieces photography, Maternity photographer, multiples, newborn, newborn photography, newborn photography workshop australia, newborn posing class, Photoshop Actions, products.
Did not receive confirmation email after purchase. Can you send confirmation email? (Customer Service Trouble Booking)
Handy Testsieger 2012 - die Stiftung Warentest aber auch anderen Mobilfunkzeitschriften führen in regelmäßigen Abständen Handytests durch und checken die aktuellsten Modelle auf Herz und Nieren. Dabei werden nicht nur nur die Funktionen getestet, häufig werden auch Messungen zum Empfang und der Lautsprecherqualität durchgeführt. Die Testsieger sind dabei Handys, die in ihrer Zielgruppe (Einfachhandys, Smartphones usw.) die besten Leistungen gezeigt haben und die zuverlässig sind. Wer sich nicht sicher ist welches Handy als nächstes in die Tasche kommen soll kann sich von den Tests leiten lassen um ein getestetes gutes Gerät zu finden.
I wasn’t going to write anything about the US election results, partly because I didn’t want to get caught up in all the fighting and partly because I just didn’t know what to say. But I’ve received so many messages, asking me how you can possibly live the life you love when you are experiencing such fear, shock, disappointment, worry, stress and sadness at the Trump victory.… Read more
In June last year I attended Britmums Live with 7 month old C on the Friday. There was a brilliant atmosphere in the room, a real buzz of love and the sound of laughter rang out. After drinks and canapés it was time to take our seats for the BiBs (Brilliance in Blogging) awards ceremony.… Read more
To add a product to your cart, first browse for it or use the search box and then click its "Add to Cart" button.
All prices are in USD. Copyright 2018 CANAL MEDICAL STORE, INC.. Sitemap | E-commerce software by Interspire
At canateo, we provide thoroughly reviewed Microsoft Windows Server 2012 TS: Windows Server 2008 Network Infrastructure, Configuring Certification training resources which are the best for clearing TS: Windows Server 2008 Network Infrastructure, Configuring CertificationWindows Server 2012 test, and to get certified by Microsoft Windows Server 2012. It is a best choice to accelerate your career as a professional in the Information Technology industry. We are proud of our reputation of helping people clear the TS: Windows Server 2008 Network Infrastructure, Configuring Certification Windows Server 2012 test in their very first attempts. Our success rates in the past two years have been absolutely impressive, thanks to our happy customers who are now able to propel their careers in the fast lane. canateo is the number one choice among IT professionals, especially the ones who are looking to climb up the hierarchy levels faster in their respective organizations. Microsoft Windows Server 2012 is the industry leader in information technology, and getting certified by them is a guaranteed way to succeed with IT careers. We help you do exactly that with our high quality Microsoft Windows Server 2012 TS: Windows Server 2008 Network Infrastructure, Configuring Certification training materials.
Microsoft Windows Server 2012 is omnipresent all around the world, and the business and software solutions provided by them are being embraced by almost all the companies. They have helped in driving thousands of companies on the sure-shot path of success. Comprehensive knowledge of Microsoft Windows Server 2012 products is considered a very important qualification, and the professionals certified by them are highly valued in all organizations.
In addition to ensuring that you are provided with only the best and most updated Microsoft Windows Server 2012 training materials, we also want you to be able to access them easily, whenever you want. canateo provide all our Microsoft Windows Server 2012 exam training material in PDF format, which is a very common format found in all computers and gadgets. Regardless of whichever computer you have, you just need to download one of the many PDF readers that are available for free.
Microsoft 070-642 :- I went through many online demos for online study material for passing my 070-642 certification. I found canateo the right choice because of its money back guarantee and hands on practice. Guys go for it once I bet you u won’t regret.Microsoft 070-642 :- I went through many online demos for online study material for passing my 070-642 certification. I found canateo the right choice because of its money back guarantee and hands on practice. Guys go for it once I bet you u won’t regret. ~ Andrew Tyler
Our materials are written according to the latest real IT exams. All the questions and answers are revised by the skillful experts. 100% success and guarantee to pass!
Simply submit your e-mail address below to get started with our PDF real exam demo of your Microsoft 070-642 exam.
Neuropilin-1 (has been implicated in several aspects of immune function including – How NF-B is activated: the role of the IB kinase (IKK) complex
February 22, 2018 By cancercurehere with Comments Off on Neuropilin-1 (has been implicated in several aspects of immune function including
Neuropilin-1 (has been implicated in several aspects of immune function including maintenance of the immune synapse and development of regulatory T (Treg) cells. for proper maintenance of peripheral tolerance and its absence can result in unchecked autoreactive responses, leading to diseases like EAE and potentially MS. Multiple sclerosis (MS) is usually a chronic inflammatory disease of the central nervous system (CNS) characterized by progressive demyelination of the brain and spinal cord (1). MS patients develop paralysis because of immune-mediated axonal damage. MS is usually generally considered to be an autoimmune disease orchestrated by TH-1 and TH-17 lymphocytes, although numerous genetic and environmental factors also play a part in disease etiology (2, 3). Evidence for the role of immune cells in MS pathogenesis is usually provided by studies using the mouse model experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis (EAE). In EAE, myelin-specific CD4+ T lymphocytes migrate into the CNS and mediate neuronal demyelination and destruction comparable to that seen in MS patients (4), leading to loss of motor function and paralysis. Comparisons between the immune system and the CNS began with the naming of dendritic cells (5). For example, the term buy 896705-16-1 immunological synapse explains the junction created between T cells and antigen-presenting cells (APCs), which resembles the synapse between neurons in both formation and architecture (6). In the nervous system, chemorepulsive factors, such as semaphorins, are required for guiding the formation of neuronal synapses. Several reports have also suggested important functions for semaphorins in the immune system (7, 8). Neuropilin-1 (is usually involved in the process of angiogenesis through interactions with vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) (12). has been recently implicated to play a role in the immunological synapse (13) and has been reported to be constitutively expressed on murine CD4+CD25+ regulatory T (Treg) cells, suggesting a potential role for TM4SF18 in the attenuation of autoreactive immune responses (14). We have shown that mice epicutaneously immunized (ECi) with myelin peptide before induction of EAE show a significant degree of protection compared with non-ECi mice (15). Myelin-specific CD4+ T cells from these ECi mice are able to confer protection from EAE to na?ve recipient mice upon adoptive transfer (15). Through gene analysis, we observed that is usually highly expressed on CD4+ T suppressor cells from mice guarded from EAE development by ECi with myelin antigen. We therefore examined the role of in the immune response in EAE, because we hypothesized that may have a protective function in EAE development. Here, we show that overexpression of attenuates EAE progression and, conversely, the lack of results in disease disappointment. This increase in disease severity occurs in a CD4+ T-cellCdependent manner (that skews the balance of helper T cells away buy 896705-16-1 from regulatory subtypes toward inflammatory TH-17 subtypes). We demonstrate that the suppressive effect of CD4+ T cells from myelin antigen-ECi mice appears to be impartial of impairs immune suppression without altering manifestation. Because of the complex relationship among in CD4+ T-cell immune response. Results Manifestation Is usually Protective Against EAE. We have shown that mice with T-cell receptor transgenic for the peptide Air conditioning unit1-11 of myelin basic protein, when epicutaneously immunized (ECi) with the same peptide, are guarded from EAE (15). Further, C57BT/6 mice ECi with myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein peptide (MOG35C55, referred to as MOG) are resistant to EAE pathogenesis (Fig. 1has been proposed to be a constitutive marker of Treg cells (14), we compared mRNA manifestation in CD4+ T cells of both na?ve and MOG ECi mice to na?ve CD4+CD25+ T cells. As expected, manifestation was buy 896705-16-1 substantially higher (7-fold) in naive CD4+CD25+ T cells compared with na?ve WT CD4+ T cells (Fig. S1manifestation was almost threefold higher in CD4+ T cells from MOG ECi mice compared with na?ve CD4+ CD25+ T cells or PBS control (Fig. S1on MOG buy 896705-16-1 ECi CD4+ T suppressor cells compared with traditional Treg cells. Fig. 1. manifestation is usually protective against EAE, whereas the lack of increases disease severity. (= 6) or PBS (= 4) and immunized with MOG35C55/CFA plus pertussis toxin to induce … To determine whether the protection seen in MOG or Air conditioning unit1-11 ECi mice could be explained solely by the up-regulation of in vivo and followed EAE progression. We first constructed a retroviral GFP vector made up of mouse cDNA. We then isolated CD4+ T cells from na?vat the.
I heard Eric Simonson on the radio today. He the Mallory and Irving Expedition sponsored by Nova and the BBC, which found George Mallory back in 1999. George Mallory had set out to reach the summit of Mt. Everest back in June of 1924. He never returned, and it was never known if he was part of the first team to ever reach the summit, before Sir. Edmund Hillary did in May of 1953.
Simonson described how when they set out on the expedition, reaching their goal was like finding a needle in a haystack. But the snows were down on Mt. Everest in 1999, so when they approached the area where it was thought that Mallory was lost, Simonson found George Mallory within two hours of starting the search for his body. Mallory just about perfectly preserved, having been frozen under tens of feet of snow most years.
One is that he had told his wife that he was bringing a picture of her with him, which he would place, at the top of the summit. When his body was found, he didn’t have the picture on his person. It’s possible that the picture may have gotten lost or separated from Mallory’s’ body. But it is one indication that he may have reached the summit.
Secondly, Mallory had a camera with him on the climb. When his body was found, the camera was not with him. Presumably, he was separated from it during his fall. It’s thought that he slipped and fell about 700 feet after his rope was severed on some rock where he landed onto the ridge that they found his body on.
Experts also think that the fall was not severe enough to have killed him; he broke his ankle severely and then succumbed to hypothermia in about twenty minutes. But if the camera is ever found, Kodak says that with some very special handling, there is a chance they could still develop the prints. These pictures could prove that Mallory and his climbing partner Andrew Irvine reached the summit back in 1924; the first two climbers to have done so in human history.
And thirdly, Mallory had his snow goggles in his pocket, which suggests that he was still up on the mountain at nightfall since he would have been subject to snow blindness in the daytime had he not been wearing them
I think it is such a neat thing that his body was found after all of this time. I remember back in 1999 when I heard the news, I thought to myself how amazing to have found the body of Mallory preserved so well. It was like looking back into history.
And hearing Eric Simonson talk both out the discovery and also about what the discovery meant was insightful into the climbing community’s respect for those who have laid down the path before them. Simonson said that he felt a sense of awe looking at Mallory there in the snow because Mallory was truly a part of Simonson’s and his peers’ history.
Mallory’s famous quote after he had been asked, “Why do you want to climb Mt. Everest? His reply, “Because it’s there.”
To this day, I still don’t really remember why I left CPC Westwood Hospital. I know what I said was the reason. That I wanted to get mo...
Early on, when I was about nine years old, my friend Dominic introduced me to Elton John, and I became an instant fan of his songs. ...
I just read that Abby Sunderland is headed to shore for Cabo San Lucas to load more fuel and batteries on board, and also to ge...
I had a strange thing happen a long time ago when a girlfriend who I had been living with for three years, up and moved out on me liter...
I was at an animation expo this weekend, and sometime during the course of the few days, a veteran animator and his wife happened to be in ...
One of my favorite past-times has been to look at the configuration of streets in any older city, but specifically Los Angeles, where I gre...
I really needed a few days rest after the big event for Brenda before embarking on writing how I got the whole thing done. I had a deep ...
A writer who likes running, traveling, movies, and dining... i.e., anything but sitting my ass down and writing.
​Take a minute out of your day to read accounts of some of the most heroic, highly decorated Americas from current U.S. conflicts back to the Civil War. Their selfless acts of courage and duty protecting the freedom we enjoy are awe-inspiring.
Citation: For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty as the leader of a special reconnaissance element with Naval Special Warfare Task Unit Afghanistan on 27 and 28 June 2005. While leading a mission to locate a high-level anti-coalition militia leader, Lieutenant Murphy demonstrated extraordinary heroism in the face of grave danger in the vicinity of Asadabad, Konar Province, Afghanistan.
On 28 June 2005, operating in an extremely rugged enemy-controlled area, Lieutenant Murphy's team was discovered by anti-coalition militia sympathizers, who revealed their position to Taliban fighters. As a result, between 30 and 40 enemy fighters besieged his four-member team. Demonstrating exceptional resolve, Lieutenant Murphy valiantly led his men in engaging the large enemy force. The ensuing fierce firefight resulted in numerous enemy casualties, as well as the wounding of all four members of the team. Ignoring his own wounds and demonstrating exceptional composure, Lieutenant Murphy continued to lead and encourage his men.
When the primary communicator fell mortally wounded, Lieutenant Murphy repeatedly attempted to call for assistance for his beleaguered teammates. Realizing the impossibility of communicating in the extreme terrain, and in the face of almost certain death, he fought his way into open terrain to gain a better position to transmit a call. This deliberate, heroic act deprived him of cover, exposing him to direct enemy fire. Finally achieving contact with his Headquarters, Lieutenant Murphy maintained his exposed position while he provided his location and requested immediate support for his team. In his final act of bravery, he continued to engage the enemy until he was mortally wounded, gallantly giving his life for his country and for the cause of freedom. By his selfless leadership, courageous actions, and extraordinary devotion to duty, Lieutenant Murphy reflected great credit upon himself and upheld the highest traditions of the United States Naval Service.
Freedom Has a Face inspires and connects individuals of this great nation with those killed-in-action and their families by forming “community” through diverse forms of media and technology.
The kindest evaluation of John Brennan’s term of appointment, was that he was always a loose cannon, once voting for Gus Hall for President (1976). Even the ACLU was a little uncertain of his antecedents, pointing back to his days with the Bush-43 Administration, where he freely used rendition and “enhanced” interrogation techniques, and later on, when as chief of CIA, he hacked into the servers of the Senate Intelligence Committee. In turn, CIA servers got hacked under his watch.
25 posted on 08/15/2018 1:38:06 PM PDT by alloysteel ("No" is a complete sentence. On so many levels.)
If erratic behavior is the standard for setting the bar, there will be far fewer Dems anywhere but the prison exercise yards every afternoon. Maxine,Hillary,Omarosa,Tom Perez.... (stop me when I get to the first 1,000).
27 posted on 08/15/2018 1:58:20 PM PDT by frank ballenger (End noncitizen & illegals voting & leftist media news censorship or we're finished.)
Taqqiya John should have never had a security clearance while our country was at war with Islam. What were we thinking?
Many gamblers who often play casino games online will at several points stumble upon the game of Baccarat. While most players today give the impression to favor playing video New UK Slots Sites No Deposit and other graphically dramatic casino games when they are online, Baccarat is one of person’s standard and customary card games that have been played for centuries.
In information, this game is supposed to have been introduced during the time in power of ruler Charles VIII who was the ruler of UK between 1483 and 1498 – and it has been played all greater than the world ever because. Today, every decent online casino with some self-esteem will host at smallest amount one or several variants of Baccarat.
In spite of its position of life form a very difficult casino game to master, Baccarat is in fact quite simple to obtain a hold of since there are only three types of bets that can be located. In small, the thing of the game is to finish as close to the number nine as likely in each give. New UK Slots Sites No Deposit players can place bets on whether the player give or the dealer hand over will succeed. Bets can too be located on the less frequent result of a tie flanked by the player and the dealer (“the banker”). So once more, there are only three types of bets to can be complete.
Having supposed to, Baccarat does have an extended the past of players looking for trends and patterns all the way through the game sessions, and in ground based free spins casino there are forever abundance of thorough scorecards and pencils obtainable to path the games – amazing that many players make use of approximately dutifully.
One of the most popular and extensively used gambling strategies in Baccarat is the “Delicious Slots” system. This strategy is hugely popular among players in continental New UK Slots Sites No Deposit and is without a doubt a very fun method to play Baccarat – however, this does not in any method involve that it is a lasting winning system.
“Delicious Slots” is UK and just income “previous to last”. The proposition of this strategy is to forever gamble on the subsequent previous winning product. Designed for case in point, if there is a winning sequence of banker-player-banker-banker, then the after that bet resolve be located on the banker. In this succession, the second previous win, (the third winning give in this succession), was investment banker.
In difference, if there is a winning sequence of player-banker-player-banker, then the after that gamble will be placed on the player. As you can observe from these examples – and to keep away from any confusion – this system does not require the hands to win exactly in turns since the bet will always be located on the next last result!
The Delicious Slots system can be quite winning in person’s game sessions anywhere the winning give fluctuates flanked by the player and the investment banker. So, many mega reel casino players similar just before this strategy since it does not need a large finance or the make use of of progressive gambling. As described over, the Delicious Slots system is in addition an enjoyable way to play the game of Baccarat.
So all right, casino games are supposed to be enjoyable and exciting to play – apart from it is also on the subject of winning the money!
As with every gambling or betting strategy, it is not possible for the Delicious Slots system to be money-making at all times. This dishonesty in the natural world of casino gambling as the home always has a small benefit against their players. New UK Slots Sites No Deposit strategy will faster or afterwards find itself in problem (and features behind streaks) when extended winning sequences take place in “twice chopping”-pairs like banker-banker-player-player-banker-banker and so forth. The system does however prevent from behind money when very extended winning streaks of a single winning give takes place, like player and so on. This is most likely one of the reasons the Delicious Slots system is so popular in the middle of casino players.
All right, it is factual – when considering odds simply, the safest gamble one can place in Baccarat at any known time is to place a gamble on the investment banker. Despite of winning streaks and patterns, the investment banker gamble will always have the majority positive probability for winning the give previous to life form dealt. But then once more, when playing extended online casino games win real money sessions with many, many hands – introduction banker bets only resolve not stop extended bringing up the rear streaks when the extra give start to win several times inside a line up.
I deduction it is all a substance of flavor and your gambling style when playing Best Casino Bonuses UK 2018. Some players will glower winning not following the mathematical chances at all times. Others will believe a unimportant diversion from these chances, as extended as this prevent them from losing their complete bankroll when these expected extended runs happen faster or afterwards.
Whatever your company's unique safety needs, we provide the highest quality services and safety products from trusted manufacturers. With brands you know like DuPont, Ergodyne, MCR Safety, Honeywell, 3M DBI-SALA Fall Protection, Dunlop, and many more, you can rely on our products' quality and performance. Select one of the categories below to explore the various products we have to offer.
Welcome to Hantover.com, where we bring to you more than 75 years of experience helping our customers find quality, competitively-priced products for their specific applications. Browse our website and know that we are continually changing and updating it to bring you the knowledge we've learned over the years. If you have questions, contact us by email or phone! We have a full staff of knowledgeable specialists here to help.
Szolnok – A magyar vízilabda-válogatott rendkívül könnyedén, 17-9-re győzte le Szolnokon a német csapatot a férfi vízilabda világliga – egyben Európa Kupa-selejtező – szerdai rajtján.
Before you decide what furniture will be included in this particular masterpiece of a room, think about it! Make a note about how it will be used in your family, what things are vital and nonnegotiable and what things can go if there is a pinch for space or design.
Due to the rapid urbanization, Living habitats are shrinking day by day. Even small families are facing space constraints and the problems of large families are beyond the imagination. For large families, it is difficult to have separate bedrooms and Workspaces. So the available space matters a lot in such situations. Through this article, I am going to share a few ideas that can transform the functionality of the Living room. Before making a move, take into account the size of the household, space availability, Contour of the room.
When it comes to living room decorating there are many styles one can choose from. There are hundreds, if not thousands of options in terms of carpet alone. Maybe you want to go with hardwood, or be adventurous, and try stained concrete. Whatever the case, each element of a living room goes into the overall living room decorating plan that is set in motion when one moves into a home, or renovates his, or her living room.
The Size of the Household: The size of the household influences the makeover of the Living room. The profile of the household should also be noted.
Money problems in marriage are real. But they don’t have to pull you and your spouse apart! This episode is all about how to win in money and marriage! Get the …
term life insurance near MIAMI Florida area that work on saturdays and will do a flexible payment option
term life insurance near Miami-Dade County that work on saturdays and will do a flexible payment plan
term life insurance near HOMESTEAD miami dade area that work on sundays and will do a flexible payment plan
term life insurance around HOMESTEAD Miami-Dade County area that work on sundays and will do a flexible payment option
term life insurance near HOMESTEAD Miami-Dade County that work on saturdays and will do a payment option
term life insurance around Miami-Dade County area that work on saturdays and will do a flexible payment option
term life insurance around HOMESTEAD Miami-Dade County that work on saturdays and will do a flexible payment option
need a term life insurance that will take inhouse payment plans near HOMESTEAD Miami-Dade County area
term life insurance near Miami-Dade County area that work on saturdays and will do a inhouse payment plan
term life insurance near HOMESTEAD Miami-Dade County area that work on saturdays and will do a payment plan
term life insurance around MIAMI Florida area that work on sundays and will do a inhouse payment plan
term life insurance near HOMESTEAD MIAMI area that work on saturdays and will do a inhouse payment plan
term life insurance around HOMESTEAD Miami-Dade County that work on sundays and will do a flexible payment plan
term life insurance near HOMESTEAD Miami-Dade County area that work on saturdays and will do a flexible payment option
term life insurance near HOMESTEAD miami dade area that work on sundays and will do a flexible payment option
term life insurance around HOMESTEAD miami dade that work on saturdays and will do a inhouse payment plan
term life insurance near HOMESTEAD miami dade that work on sundays and will do a monthly payment plan
term life insurance around HOMESTEAD MIAMI that work on saturdays and will do a flexible payment plan
term life insurance around HOMESTEAD Miami-Dade County that work on sundays and will do a monthly payment plan
term life insurance around HOMESTEAD miami dade area that work on saturdays and will do a payment plan
term life insurance near HOMESTEAD Miami-Dade County that work on sundays and will do a inhouse payment plan
term life insurance around HOMESTEAD Miami-Dade County area that work on sundays and will do a inhouse payment plan
term life insurance around HOMESTEAD miami dade that work on saturdays and will do a flexible payment plan
term life insurance near Miami-Dade County that work on saturdays and will do a monthly payment plan
term life insurance around HOMESTEAD Miami-Dade County area that work on saturdays and will do a payment option
term life insurance around Miami-Dade County that work on saturdays and will do a monthly payment plan
term life insurance near HOMESTEAD Miami-Dade County that work on sundays and will do a flexible payment plan
find me a term life insurance that will take a flexible payment plan near HOMESTEAD Miami-Dade County
term life insurance around Miami-Dade County area that work on sundays and will do a monthly payment plan
find me a retirement plan that will take a flexible payment option near kendall Miami-Dade County area
retirement plan around kendall Miami-Dade County area that work on saturdays and will do a payment plan
retirement plan around kendall Miami-Dade County that work on saturdays and will do a inhouse payment plan
retirement plan around kendall Miami-Dade County that work on sundays and will do a inhouse payment plan
Elixir and Phoenix are all the hype lately - what's great about them? Is there more to them than "just" fast, concurrent and reliable?
This talk will give a short intro into both Elixir and Phoenix, highlighting strengths, differences from Ruby/Rails and weaknesses.
Add your blog to this list - Leave a comment with your surf/surfing blogs URL to be added or removed from this list. Every time you make a post it will be at the top of the list. It ta...
Hello Audrey, Hello Robin, Many thanks for your performance during the Gala. We were very pleased to work with you. Friendly...
****Attention: This is not a drill! Autumn has undergone a life changing event. Those who knew/know her would not recognize her face if they passed by.
Lucifer Mourningstar 11/13/18 Brown orbs fall on the pretty blonde. As she spoke. A slight nod escapes him. "Thank you Miss."
Will Summers 11/08/18 She tried to get it together, she really did, but the tumultuous tide of emotions just would not be cast aside so easily as it once had. Sniffling, Willow's trembling legs gave way and she landed, heavily, upon her knees, clutching the corded phone like a lifeline as her elder sister worked to calm her down, give her a purpose through the staggering confusion that ran rampant like a virus.
"C-Crenshaw Boulevard.... t...there's.. I.. I don't k-know....where else.... There's a... public call box... I'm there.... I... I don't.... A-Autumn..... I'm sorry.... I'm so, so fcking sorry..... I... I left to.... to keep ev-everyone safe.... I... I shouldn't b-be alive right now..... not....not alive!" Willow tried to calm herself, tried to apologize for her lack of being there, but how do you tell someone that you died? That you, somehow, are among the living once more, but not as a ghoul, an undead plague?
"I'm so.... fcking..sorry Autumn... Please.... I... I don't know what's going on anymore....And... And I'm so ****ing scared..."
Will Summers 11/08/18 "Please... Please let her still have this number..." Willow had never had much luck when it came to keeping up with numbers, having normally used her own phone as a personal contact list.
And then she had died. No rhyme or reason, no bright lights at the end of the tunnel. She was just gone.
End of the line for her, right? Apparently not if she were, with trembling fingers and shaking body, dialing a number she had memorized, and perhaps she had misdialed a few times as her mind still held the grey smog of Death, the vapors slowly drifting away the more she addled along, gasping for breath and trying to gather her wits about her and not drift into frightened hysteria.
"Please pick up.... Please, please be her... Please don't let this be another wrong number..." Her voice was raspy and thick with barely repressed tears that threatened to drown her into a salty, watery abyss of confusion and terror.
It rings, once, twice, thrice, and just as she thought it was going to go to voicemail, a voice chimes in and she nearly sobs in relief, thinking that the static of the payphone was the reason for her sister's voice to sounding just a bit, or maybe a whole lot, off.
"A-Autumn... Please... Please don't hang up...I .... It's me... it's Willow.... I.. I don't know what's going on... or h-how... Please... just... I-I don't know w-where I am... o-or how I got here... I'm .. I'm scared, Autumn..." Never had the normally calm and collected, aloof young woman ever sounded in such a manner, distressed and finally breaking down into the tears that overwhelmed her.
Genesis 10/30/18 ~considered her words for a moment.~ "Well, if you were all the same, things would have tended to be boring. You should come out drinking with me some night. We'll bring Summer. Girls night out." ~gave a cheeky wink~
Genesis 10/30/18 ~grins~ "Yeah, Summer is great, but I am betting each one of you are in your own way. I question her alot about family and siblings since I've never had that."
Livia Vlcek 10/29/18 *grins as Autumn makes it rain* Almost got all of it. Actually, only forty percent. *coughs*
Genesis 10/29/18 ~stepped to her crew mate and offered a small smile.~ "Hello Autumn, Its nice to meet you, I'm Genesis, though I was gone when you came into the crew. I hope you are finding things to your liking. I know your sister, so I thought I would make a proper introduction." ~offered a hand, though it was kind of grubby with dried blood and dirt.~
My sweet baby sister. You were her other half, for better or worse. I cannot imagine how you must be feeling.
I know for myself- well, I think she bequeathed me her rage. I cannot seem to get a handle on it. I haven’t left my room in the compound for days. Lest I light someone on fire. And honestly, the idea soothes my heart.
Mostly I don’t want to think about it. I want to avoid it. I thought maybe I could save her. Could negotiate something. But evidently that is not an option. And that sends me into a pit of despair I’ve not previously known.
My point, my love, is that you are not alone. Even if you feel it, you are not an island unto yourself.
I never got them. I must have been in Moscow when they arrived, and I've yet to go back to New York.
I believe I do. I suppose it'd be easier for me to just text him. I only hesitate because it's been so long - he disappeared, almost.
I'm Soleil, by the way. If you introduce yourself too, we won't be strangers. I'd feel more comfortable with trying your shortbread.
"You have a point there but I have genuinely had a pleasure meeting everyone I've ever met so far. So I definitely love a good challenge."
"You know, I've been getting that a lot lately. I think this is the first time I've seen you. Nathaniel Tallios, it's a pleasure to meet you."
"Well, let me know if you ever get tired of your 'friend'. Eating people all alone gets boring. Better to do it in pairs."
Atticus Hammond 10/10/18 "Hard not to be positive - but still easy to let myself sink into the place I lived most of my life in."
"Perspective? Sure. But I could still easily argue for all the things in my life that are... complicated. I embrace the bad. I find power in the things that surely could've been my undoing."
Atticus Hammond 10/10/18 "Trust me - I know my worth. There's always a partner that gets just a little more out of it than the other - that person being me. I'm a bit of a handful."
"We've all had trials, struggles, whatever. But we also get those little slices of luck, where you think just for a moment - maybe, just a second - you're playin' God, 'cause you've got yourself something special."
"I know I'm a lucky guy, with what I've got. You've just gotta find your little slice of heaven again."
Atticus Hammond 10/10/18 "Oof. Divorce. Have a feeling it'll happen to me one of these days. Married way above my batting average, seems pretty likely."
"We've all made a deal or two - stupid decision or another, hell... I'm living mine. But we're still here, aren't we? That's all that's ever really mattered to me."
"I'm well. How can I complain? My wife is... Alive. And our daughter is... unafraid to use her diaper. What more can you ask for?"
*nods* I like fast cars, don't get me wrong. I just like feeling like I'm strapped to a rumbling rocket.
*face brightens* I am a new Harry Potter series fan! My husband...um...he showed me the series on movie nights.
Livia Vlcek 10/04/18 *nods* I do. And sure, I have most things in Paris but some other pieces scattered across a few cities.
*eyes brighten* Baking? I love baked goods...like woah. Video games are fun. Oddly, first person shooters give me motion sickness.
*blinks and flails into the dip* I like clubbing. Fast cars are always good...but I'm a sucker for old American muscle.
*laughs* I think we're going to be good friends. But I like dill pickles...not a lot...but sometimes when I need salt.
Livia Vlcek 10/04/18 *cants head* David Garret? I will have to look him up. Lindsay Stirling is very good.
*has never used Pandora* I'm generally a creature of habit with music but lately, when I am painting, I just let things play.
Livia Vlcek 10/04/18 *laughs* Sometimes I do the same. Generally I let youtube autoplay. I've found some interesting things and some just freaking awful things.
*takes off jacket, covers Autumn with it* Billie Jean...is not my lover. She's just a girl who claims that I am the one.
Gray Taylor 10/01/18 Pulling out his phone, he would stare at the screen and begin to type out his sh-tty message, stopping only when he realizes what an actual ******* he is truly being. As if Autumn deserves his wrath. She hadn't been the one to make him angry. Not this time.
Taking a deep breath, he dials, lifting the phone to his ear and listening to it ring. The moment he hears it stop, he starts in.
"It's me. Don't say a word. Just. Let me talk, okay?" He might be coming off a little aggressive, and again, it isn't her fault. "Just.. you need to come to Moscow, alright? I need you to come here. It's Spring."
Gray would glance over his shoulder. "She's gone. And you need to be here. I'll explain when you're here. I can't stay on the phone. I'm sorry."
The tough love thing is totally pushing the right buttons right now, but I will have one of those muffins.
Plus, I have wonderful genetics. have you seen Sarah? And Daniel was considered pure perfection in his time.
Idris Mowbry 09/28/18 Tired eyes had began to close though he still remained conscious. Suddenly, there was physical contact. A single eye slid open to meet the woman's gaze. Her silent regard for his sacrifice was well received on his end. In the short time they had known eachother, the two had began operating on the same wavelength rather quickly. He understood her, and she was beginning to understand him.
Lazy nods were given in response to her agreement to alerting him...but then she mentioned Harry Potter. Eyelids flew open, the mimosa was chugged, and soon the demon was scampering out of the bathroom with his underwear falling down to his ankle revealing a full moon to Autumn. He shuffled out. "I am so game for Harry Potter and pajamas!" And off he ran in all his naked glory to his bedroom.
Idris Mowbry 09/27/18 Why did he have to shack up with a now human lie detector? Oh, yeah, because she was hot as the sun, clever as a fox, and was the only person in the world he trusted. Easy. A soft sigh escaped his lips. "Just muddling through assorted thoughts. Once I can make heads or tails of them, I will share." There. He truthed. He truthed so hard.
The bacon was munched on as she spoke. Tired eyes narrowed at her for a moment before retreating in defeat. "Fine. We will rest.If anything seems off, don't hesitate to alert me. Souls are kinda my thing."
Idris Mowbry 09/27/18 "This won't be my only chance, doll. That I am assure of." A playful wink was shot in her direction while he snatched a piece of bacon from the mountain of it on the tray. "You don't need me hogging all the bubbles. I'm a bubble wh0re."
A brow arched at her question. After a moment of reflection he opened his mouth to speak, but then closed it again, pursing his lips. Blue hues glanced off into the distance before he shrugged. "For once, not much. I guess doing those jumps is a great way to clear the mind." The man was lying through his teeth but, alas, he was an amazing liar.
He had to be. "What about you? Any thoughts on when you would like to do the inspection? I'd prefer sooner rather than later, but at your convenience of course."
Idris Mowbry 09/27/18 As if summoned by her text the man strode into the bathroom with a tray for the bathtub in one hand and platter with their meals and drinks in the other. He truly looked like a butler... minus everything but the underwear. Humming a small tune he prepared the tray in the middle of the tub, handing a mimosa to the woman. The food was then placed before her. Instead of getting into the tub he simply sat next to it, resting his chin on the lip.
Tired, sultry eyes slowly blinked at the woman while giving an equally exhausted smile. "As much as I'd love to share the bath, I feel I'd be too distracted to keep up a thoughtful conversation." The mimosa was brought to his lips in which he took a nice little sip. "See? I have self control. Isn't it the worst?"
Idris Mowbry 09/26/18 The sounds of pans and cutlery can be heard fro mthe kitchen. Suddenly music begins to play. Specifically, 'Bang Bang' by Jeese J and some other chicks he didn't really care for. Just her. She was the Queen. And the breakfast begins!
Idris Mowbry 09/25/18 The man narrowed his eyes in the woman's direction. Given her situation he would bite back his retort. Had it been any other time the two would probably toss insults at eachother until they tired themselves out. Or end up in bed together. Either way, he was into it.
All thoughts stopped when he was told he would be going to bed. Hands raised up in offense he looked down at the woman. "Excuse you, I am a grown @ss man. I will go to bed when I d@mn please!" After asserting his dignity as an adult he gave a few moments before adding, "And, also, I left the stove on. I was baking. I'm only half-human, Autumn!"
Before she could chew him out for his insolence he snatched her into a tight embrace. The apartment was envisioned in his mind. the cats. Furniture. The familiar aura of what he had started to call 'home'. Within seconds the two had arrived exactly where Idris had intended: the living room of Autumn's apartment. A big, proud grin spread across his face as he released the new blond. "See? Told you...I could... do... nap." Slowly the man started to lean backwards until he lost his footing, falling down and crashing loudly onto the floor. Yup. He was all tuckered out.
Jasper Thompson 09/25/18 Armed with Gray’s phone, he types out another text to another Summers, his request prevalent in his wording. Jasper is worried for his partner, and anything that would lighten his load, he would do it. And getting them off his back is certainly a must.
Idris Mowbry 09/24/18 The male's face wrinkled into a mocking facing, repeating her words about his splitting of hairs in a whiny voice. "My balls would appreciate it if you stopped busting them, love." Why was he getting so defensive? This whole learning to fit in with humans thing was harshing his vibe.
Violet eyes looked at the woman when she voiced her worries. His head tilted to the side in confusion. Worry? For him? Why? Sure he was in Atom's body (technically it was his body first but there he was, splitting hairs again) but it almost seemed like she cared about what happened to Idris. Instead, he went with the Atom route. Her concern was always for Atom.
Then the spotlight was magnified on him. "What? No... no emergency... just, like. Maybe...the cats miss you? Yeah. Maddie misses you so much and you know she doesn't like me as much as you so let's go. Right now." Hopefully, his cover would work. "I'm fine, really. I can do it."
Idris Mowbry 09/24/18 With his mouth full of bread and condiments he replied, rather messily. "I don't need to rest. It was hard because you aren't...you. Pinpointing a soul in the middle of Jerusalem over a solid body requires a bit more energy." At least that was what he told himself. Was he really so out of practice that he would lose all energy from one jump? Unfortunately, he was too stubborn to see that as a possibility.
"For your information," he said as he wiped a smudge of peanut butter from his face, like a child, on the back of his sleeve,"I landed just fine. It was when I stood up everything turned to sh!t." The man looked away like a pouting child. He did not like having his ability questioned, let alone demeaned!
When she spoke of things better than his PB and J an epiphany struck him. The stove. The cookies! He left them on! Purple eyes grew wide with horror. The kitties had no clue how to operate an oven, they were cats! The sandwich was devoured quickly. "Alright. I'm good to go. All strong and back to normal. Come one. Let's be off." His hand reached out, urging for her to come to him. Quickly!
Summer 09/24/18 Summer grappled around her unmade bed for her phone, hearing the text tone for her sister. Damn. Feast or famine with her siblings, she thought with a wry chuckle. Chewing on the end of a Red Vine, Summer rolled to her stomach to read and respond. An opened bag of crisps crunched beneath her bare stomach. Reading with one eyebrow up, Summer let out an amused sniff. New body? Welcome to the club, sis.
And here I was thinking I was gonna get bad news! Those five crows must’ve been a fluke. You know, my change was instigated by Old Scratch himself. Having any dalliances with the devil lately? Just a thought.
In any event, I bet you are super cute as a blonde. It works perfectly that you are now a blonde because——between you and me—-my hair is actually now very dark brown. I’ve been dying it! My roots are crazy right now so I guess it’s no secret.
Idris Mowbry 09/23/18 Cupboards were raided as well as the fridge. Bread, check. Peanut butter, check. Grape jelly, nope. He would have to suffice with strawberry. Ick. As Autumn spoke he began to work on the sandwiches. Three were in the making, two for him and one for Autumn in case she had forgotten to eat. Was he being...thoughtful? Gross.
"That is completely different. The quick scan is much more uncomfortable but only because it requires less prep." A piece of bread was shoved into his mouth in which he chewed loudly. He continued. "No, we leave tonight. I can do it. I don't want you here longer than you need to be."
It was obvious he was getting stronger by the moment. When one sandwich was finished he devoured it in but a few seconds making a moan of delight. "Human food is such a delight. Souls and sin are good and all, but nothing beats a good PB and J." Another was finished then offered to Autumn. "Eat. I know you don't feel like it, but at least take a few bites." He stared at her for a few moments before adding in what she had taught him. "Please."
Idris Mowbry 09/23/18 "No worries, I don't make those kinds of deals. That's grunt work. That's far below my pay grade." It wasn't that he couldn't; he simply refused to. If he wanted a soul he would take it. No deal required. Grunts collected souls for the use of Hell or some other makeshift faction. Idris was above it all.
Once their hands touched he gave her a moment. "I'll be gentle." A weak grin appeared on his exhausted visage before he attempted resonating. An energy would escape his own hand into hers sending a sensation much like pins and needles up her arm and throughout the rest of her body. The feeling would only last for a few moments until Idris took his hand back.
A thumbs up was given. "Soul is in one piece. Nothing missing. No parasites. Still need a closer look but later." Finally he was starting to regain his strength. Slowly he pulled himself up from the chair and started off towards what he assumed to be the kitchen. "Alright. Just need to refuel and I should be able to make it."
Idris Mowbry 09/23/18 Idris did not blame Autumn for her hesitation, nor did he plan on teasing her. Human emotions were still a mystery to him but even the demon knew not to tease a woman who had just woken up in a completely new body. Only an idiot would consider her actions dramatic. Like Lucius.
"There will be no rooting around in your mind. I just need to resonate with your soul for a minute. I need to make sure you aren't going to get pulled out. Or worse." His voice was tired but calm. The typical flirtation in his voice had dissipated and what remained was a man doing what he promised.
"When I get us back home I will perform a closer inspection and you will be with me every step of the way. No tricks. You will call the shots. Deal?" The hand was turned halfway to offer a shake. If he had proven anything to the woman it was that he is a man of his word. A quality he and Atom had in common.
Idris Mowbry 09/23/18 The woman's words were lost to him on account of his full attention being on his two new friends! The snaps brought him back to reality with a series of tired blinks followed by a chuckle. "Sorry, just admiring the scenery is all."The man tried to laugh but ended up pressing his fingers to his temples. Would someone stop that banging?!
Though his eyes were closed he listened to her situation. Only two creatures were capable of such a feat: demons and witches. A hand reached out towards the woman, his other hand now cradling his head. "Let me have your hand," he murmured. There was no guarantee that the strings that swapped her bodies had not yet detached. He needed to inspect her.
"I need to make sure you're in one piece in there. Won't be a thorough look, but enough to find anything out of sorts."
Idris Mowbry 09/23/18 The room began to spin violently as his body struggled to hold itself up against the wall. Where there was a single New Autumn, there were now two. Then one again. Then two.
The journey from wall to chair was a violent blur to the exhausted demon. It would seem he needed to practice a bit more before taking such a leap again. Well, after his next leap. He wondered what would happen after the next one to get home?
An exhausted groan left his lips upon feeling the soft cushions against his back and bottom. "That took a lot more out of me than I had hypothesized. I'm very out of practice."
A single purple eye opened to look at the woman before him. It trailed down to her breasts with a big toothy grin spreading across his face. "So, what happened here? Last I remember, vampires didn't body hop like my kind."
Idris Mowbry 09/23/18 Someone's footsteps could be heard in the distance. Though this was the address he was given he still felt on edge with the whole situation. Why was she in London anymore? And why did she say he wouldn't recognize her?
When the woman turned the corner he couldn't help but give an audible gasp. The woman before him looked nothing like Autumn. Still gorgeous, but definitely not a red head.
It took a moment for him to gather himself but, after clearing his throat, he gave his typical smile. "Huh. Different body. Same sexy soul." Idris attempted to step forward but instead found himself tumbling sideways into a wall pushing over assorted items on the walls and on a nearby stands.
Jasper Thompson 09/23/18 A simple case of perspective. I’ve learned some of my best tricks in some dingy places.
Idris Mowbry 09/22/18 Some people stared at the man sitting in the middle of the sidewalk. Did he care? No. His eyes were memorizing the directions to his destination. Once the man had a sense of where he was going he stood up. Then the vertigo kicked in.
Idris wobbled and wobbled until splat! He fell backwards onto the ground, the world spinning around him.The jump had taken more out of him than he had expected. People gathered to assist him only to be shoved away and threatened. He stood on his own, though he had plenty of trouble on the way up. Once steady he made his way in the direction of Autumn.
The phasing had only dropped him five minutes away from her location but the exhaustion made it feel like an eternity. At the door he stood for a moment, taking deep breaths to regain his composure. The door was opened with his head peeking in.
Idris Mowbry 09/22/18 The man sat cross legged on the floor in his sweat pants and shirt, his comfiest clothing. Despite his reassurance of his ability, the fact was he had never tried to phase to a specific person. It was truly just a hypothetical more than a proven theory. However, Idris was a gambler.
With eyes closed he voided his mind of everything except the small light in the back of his head kept on for Atom. For a while, there was nothing. Just silence. Then came the static. The pull. It was weak, but the signal was there. Idris began to focus on Autumn the same as she focused on him. He hadn't caught a glimpse of her full body, but enough so that it should work. However, that weakened the signal. Eyebrows furrowed. What was going on?
Instead he focused on her essence. Her being. When the connection was strong enough he felt his body become weightless. After a few moments in the weightless dark he felt concrete beneath his bottom and the sounds of people walking by, chatting in the distance. He wasn't an expert but, if he had to guess, they were speaking in Hebrew. If that was the case, he had arrived.
Thinkin' about you- Happy first day of Autumn!...at least in the Northern Hemisphere. I'm in California at present though, so I'm right-side-up right now. Globally. Not like, mentally. But you knew that.
Hope alls well. I heard from Winter a few weeks ago, but other than that it's been a quiet summer. Heh. That isn't very normal.
To go somewhere I'm not familiar with, I need someone to REALLY focus on me. Like, envision my every detail as if I were there with them.
If it's enough, I can kinda lock onto that person and end up in the general vicinity. Might need to search for you a bit.
Jameson slipped his phone into his back pocket without another thought, and so, the mouse hunt began.
But seriously, call if you need me. I will be making some of those Martha Stewart cookies I told you about. They shall await your arrival.
You're joking? Remember that whole, heightened senses thing that comes with our undead condition? Your shampoo.. Conditioner.. That perfume you wear.. The distinct smell from the must of your clothes.. With all due respect, Ms. Summers, you're kind of...
Winter Summers 08/13/18 Winter gasped loudly. "Autumn you know damn well that stealth was never my strong suit! Thinking I could steal money goodness!" He smirked at his sister as he held his arm out. "If you didn't love ice cream I would certainly worry!"
"But enough about the ice cream is this friend hot? Should I investigate them? Ya know to make sure they are worthy enough to be your friend no alternate motive at all!" Smiles innocently.
Winter Summers 08/12/18 Yet another hand reached into Winter's pocket's who would it be this time? Winter turned to look at the one with the sticky fingers, icy eyes fell on familiar fiery locks, short in height, noticeable tattoos, green eyes. Autumn was picking his pockets!? And there she was taking the money like it belonged to her!
Hands went directly to his hips. "Excuse me little leaf just what is it you think you are doing with my funds? Do you know what I have to do to get that money? Let me tell you, you don't wish to know! But I will tell you in grave detail don't think I wont missy!" He did a sassy head bob then. "Unless you are treating me to all I can eat ice cream with my money I ask that you kindly return it." A playful smirk came to his face as he stared at his little sister.
"Yeah, You're welcome, It's only money afterall. Hope you at least got something expensive and yummy.
Winter Summers 08/08/18 Winter gives his petite sister a reassuring smile. "I will not be going anywhere little leaf, I will be here to annoy you till the end of time."
He made a face to make it appear he was thinking on what they should go and do though he already knew what his choice would be. "Well I should test my liver out! I haven't had something good to drink in awhile! Come little sister we shall drink the night away! And in the morning I am making pancakes! Or buying breakfast depending on how the night goes." He smirks at Autumn then.
Winter Summers 08/03/18 Winter was only slightly taken back as his sister's hands cupped his face. One of his own hands coming up, he gently placed it upon hers. "I am real Autumn, I'm not going anywhere." At least not if he could help it. His mouth did cause him to get into sooo much trouble.
"Oh? Do we need to go get a few drinks and catch up? It doesn't have to be booze, we can get food, or tea whatever you are into now a days." He smiled as he heard her next words. "I am much better now, I mean who couldn't be happy seeing your beautiful face hm?"
Winter Summers 08/02/18 "Yes little leaf it's me." Now that Winter thought about it, he was dead he could have come back with any name why did he still choose to go with Winter? Opportunity wasted. His muscular arms wrapped around her sisters small frame and he held her tightly.
"Not as much as I have missed you Autumn." He could attempt to explain why he had done what he did, why it took him so long to return but none of that seemed important right now. What was to him is that he was back even if it took a little longer then expected. "How have you been? Everything well with you?" He looked his sister over a dorky smile on his face.
Winter Summers 08/02/18 Winter stared at his sister from a safe distance, Autumn did have a very unpleasant temper about her. She probably would be infuriated with him. Leaving without saying anything well dying without saying goodbye. Regardless he took a deep breath before stepping out from his hiding spot and offered her a smile.
"Hello Little Leaf." This was harder then he thought it would be. "I've missed you so." He averted his eyes a little. "And I am sorry."
Happiness has always eluded me in the many chapters of my life. I still think back to that brief glimmer I'd grasped when loving him was all I had to do. But things change, as does life. Having a child, needing to protect that child... other things.
The thrill never goes away. It just gets better. I feel empowered and sexy and in control of my life while on stage. And as you know, “empowered” and “in control of my life” are themes that haven’t been that prevalent in my/our lives until recently.
Thanks honey. I didn't pick it, but it grew on me pretty fast. Plus, my tips have nearly doubled. I guess they match the cup size. Or something.
I’m landing in Heathrow in T minus 30 minutes. Snapped a pic in the galley, looking spiffy for First Class and to see my baby sis. You see this mug at your door, it’s a-okay.
Which is why amateur night at the club will be so easy. I’m sure you remember the moves I taught you back in Paris!
I’ll get you a pic shortly. I got a new phone and can’t figure out the damned apps yet. I dropped the old one off the stage at work- blammo, shattered into several pieces.
Oh! I almost forgot- I look a little different. Okay, a lot different. Still blond, same eye color. Still lookin like a snack. Other than that...when a curvy short haired blond walks in, don’t freak out, k?
I’ll be there in a few hours with a bottle, some spliffs and a bag of food from the corner chip shop in hand.
Ooooh, right. Right. I vaguely remember paying the hefty membership fee. You might have a point. I'm pretty sure I still have a blockbuster card in here somewhere.
Wes had done about six laps of this goddamn parking lot, and his car was just gone. The one thing in his messy life that was absolutely spotless, fawned over, flawlessly maintained. He wasn’t sure how, but he was about 87% sure that somehow his brother was behind it. F-ckin’ Derek.
It was late evening, just outside of a bar he frequented called the Flask and Cannon. Absolutely f-cking fuming, cussing under his breath to nobody in particular, he finally came to the realization that he was going to need some help. Doing an about-face, he stopped the first person he saw; a pale redheaded woman.
“Excuse me,” He took a few steps toward her, “I, uh… my car is gone, and my phone was inside.” Agitated, he ran a hand over his face. “Do you mind if I borrow your cell for a minute? I need to call a cab.”
Gray Taylor 02/12/18 Gray knows that look all too well. This is not the first time he has earned it in spades, and he doubts that it will be the last. The world is, after all, a cruel and unusual place. Still, she would earn no recognition.
"All men lie," His slate gaze narrows, and he leans in only slightly. Voice lower, he holds her stare with his own. "You just have to pay attention."
Gray Taylor 02/12/18 A hand to his elbow causes him to falter, and Gray instinctively tugs away before turning a cold glare over his shoulder. He is angry, this much is true, and the sight before him does little to dispel the emotion. Still, he remains composed. The world would never see him falter.
This is a particularly painful sight on several different levels, and that stormy gaze that is only his would barely flicker over her features before settling upon her eyes.
Sheridan J Mayfair 11/03/17 Thank you for the welcome but I have been here before. ~Sheridan smiles at her~
I had started to ease back, trying to learn how to control my emotions on my own. Turns out I need more practice. Apparently “sibling death” is too much for me to manage on my own. Hence smokin the country dry. I’m mostly teasing. I have a few plants of my own in my room.
I worry that while my intentions may be good, wonder if I’m just from bad stock? If we are truly cursed, could it rub off on others? Maybe I’m just looking for excuses. I don’t feel like it is me trying to run. It feels like me trying to protect him from the endless sh-t that happens to us.
I’m so sorry to hear of your friend. That is terrible and I cannot imagine dealing with loss that close together.
It is incredibly odd. It’s certainly something I can get used to, but nothing I’m familiar with, something I am sure you understand. The strangest part is that I am a source of stability for him. Me. Being relied upon. It makes me scared but I also want to try. I don’t want to disappoint him.
I should’ve reached out too. I appear to have been sucked down a hole of despair. I think I’ve smoked Australia completely out of the good sh-t. I was aiming for a Blaize level of detached.
Despite being certain the Summers name is cursed, I’m doing better. Kiernan has been a rock, which has been nice. How are you holding up?
Why you decided to get married I will never understand. Too many strings. Too many terms and conditions.
And I already planned on keeping Gray away from sharp objects. He is an asset to myself and important to you and Spring.
Spring's Coven in a sausage fest so I doubt I will stay here too long. As much as men are appealing, too many in one place sicken me.
Atticus Hammond 09/28/17 He's grinning again, a gleam to his gray eyes as her curiosity gets the better of her. He gives another nonchalant shrug, lips pursed in a telling smirk. "There may have been some accidental zombie-ing, buuuut.. I couldn't confirm or deny that."
He stuffs his hands in his pockets, as casual as ever. "Maybe next time we run into each other, I'll tell you all about it."
Atticus Hammond 09/28/17 He snorts, another brief chuckle escaping him without effort. "She's gotten a head butt or two, but I can't say I've left as much of a mark as a cellhphone night when I'm excited." Atticus, for his part, can talk about his wife for days. So, he seems to enjoy someone who could reciprocate. "Glutton for punishment seems the to be the correct designation. I tend to think Cam is a bit crazy for going along with my schemes, but the support is unparalleled."
Atticus Hammond 09/27/17 "If it's trouble worth getting into, you should know I'm never far." He grins, a knowing look shared. "I can certainly sympathize. My wife keeps me very busy. And endlessly amused. And, if your husband is anything like my wife, there's a general support of controlled mayhem in the house."
He stares with that mischievous look in his eyes, a very coy shrug his initial answer. "I'm only ever up to trouble. It's my forte. I'm just offended you didn't invite me along on whatever little adventure got your face posted for the realm to see."
We're safe here, I think. It's weird... I don't believe he'd hurt him. That doesn't mean others wouldn't jump at the chance.
He knows about Logan. We had a run in in Moscow not so long ago. But now, he's trying to follow me to Africa.
I feel like the worst BFF for not texting you while I was in London. Didn't have any time to socialize, but I still feel like sh*t. Jameson f*cked my trip up royally.
I hope your day is fantastic. I just know this year is going to be your best yet. Of that I have no doubt. You deserve nothing but the best.
In the box, you’ll find some earrings made by an artist here in Australia, made with opals mined here! And some emeralds for added elegance. They nearly called for me to buy them, knowing how amazing they’d look on you.
"Well, red, seems we part as friends, then." He offers a hand to shake, seemingly pleased with the interaction. And, choosing to stick with the nickname than her actual name. But, it was nice to know if he had to call her out of a crowd. "Thanks for the chat. See you around, eh?"
"E-readers are sh!t. Stick to books. They were never meant to be a dying medium." He replies with obvious conviction. "My mother was a librarian. S'pose the industry is just fine for a volunteer, but you'd sooner find me in a bookstore than shopping for e-books." There's an earnest passion in his tone, clearly having touched upon a subject of important with him. "Happy to find someone who understands the sentiment. Electronics are good for plenty... Just not the written word."
"My mother lived in books. I'm just happy I didn't get something worse, like Ishmael or Gatsby. Atticus, I can work with." He offers a teasing frown, which quickly reverts back to an easy smile. "You're familiar with Harper Lee's books, then? Mockingbird is a classic. Couldn't put down the sequel, though."
"I suppose you're more of a Greek buff than I am." He smirks, lifting a hand to dust off his shoulder. "I'm modestly well read. I do enjoy a good book. Why? Going to induct me into a book club?"
"I'm named for the book character, not the philosopher. At least, that's what my mother told me. Hence 'Lee' as my middle name." He tilts his head. "Didn't catch a name there, red."
Soleil Whitaker 08/09/17 Soleil is very much aware that she's a long way from home. Anywhere outside the walls of the Compound, or away from the security of the New York brownstone could be considered a foreign place. London is no exception. Despite the New York-like bustle, the English hub often proves to be rather overwhelming for the young Whitaker. And she is not at all surprised by the sensation of nimble fingers reaching into her back pocket.
“My wife keeps telling me that my ass attracts unwarranted attention,” she laughs, turning to face the woman who’d just tried to rob her. Soleil immediately recognizes her petite frame and shockingly red hair - they’d passed each other in the Order’s halls once or twice. Perhaps that was the motivation behind trying to pickpocket her? With an amused grin, she adds, “That’s one way to greet a stranger."
There was a time where I was included. Now everyone feels I must be left in the dark for my own protection.
If you're still in a baking mood, Kiernan reports he likes 'samoas'. Didn't know what the fvck those were, so I googled them. Now I know why I didn't: guess they are Girl Scout cookies. I don't recall seeing any girl scouts come to our house growing up, haha. Probably were warned away by their parents.
Anyway. So I guess just some coconuty, caramely, chocolatey goodness would do. You're the kitchen witch, I'm sure you could concoct something amazing of the sort.
Winter stopped by for a visit. It sure was nice seeing his face. Where do you and Lucius live? I still owe you a visit.
I laughed way too hard at your text. Maybe I should ask Kiernan if he was dropped on his head too. I don't think I know him well enough for that though.
For real though, we have like, the entire Samsonite set worth of baggage. It's a cute set though. Best believe we pack our crazy stylishly!
I'll ask Kiernan what type of cookie he likes. I meant it when I said we don't know a whole lot about each other. Knowing someone's Top Three Favorite Cookies seems pretty important, so I'll get on that crucial conversation as soon as I can.
My stomach just growled at the thought of your baking. There's one thing for your 'to-do' list. Send your dear, sweet, cooking-challenged sister a care package of noms??
You are smart as a whip, focused, driven, and talented. I have no doubt you'll figure out stuff soon. Meanwhile, enjoy the down time. You deserve it.
Things are good on this end. Winter is here for a visit, which is nice. I haven't spent quality time with him since London I think.
As for Kiernan, well, we went on a date. And I'm just adjusting to this idea that I'm someone who dates. Or is dated. It's weird. A very foreign concept. It is as jarring a thought as when I realized I had wings. Like, so I guess this is me now? He hasn't run, which means he deserves a medal of some sort, haha. At least a participants ribbon. "Survived a date with Summer and didn't lose my goddamned mind".
I thought of you when I was shopping today. Check out these shoes I bought. For work, of course. They glow under black lights!
Elouise Warrock 07/20/17 Elouise blinks, considering her words carefully. She recalled the prior discussion. She understood. "No. Not yet. If Logan is here...Jameson will come looking."
Elouise Warrock 07/20/17 "I think you and Lucius both should go." She replied quietly. "Once the security system defaults." There is a stillness to her then, as looks her friend over. "I don't know what happens, now. With me, and with Jameson. I don't know if he's the same person. But..."
She glanced down at Logan, allowing him to take hold of her pointer finger. "I have to be here for him. I have to see this through."
Elouise Warrock 07/20/17 Bloodshot eyes stared up at Autumn, emotionless. "Jameson's..." She suddenly becomes aware of Logan's wailing, enough for her to pull back from Autumn and gather him up in her arms. "Jason's going to him. Noura's already there. Wherever the hell he is...everyone gets to know but me."
There is an obvious resentment in her tone, now. "I love him. I love him enough to walk away from all of this...and I can't even get a phone call, or a text. Not even a mention of his well-being."
I'm scared though. Anyway. Thank you for your words and wisdom. I still don't get how you got so wise!
I'm glad it makes sense. Things felt different when I returned; my body, myself- I respond differently to things? Like, spiritual places feel almost nourishing so to speak. Hell, maybe they are. I don't get it most of the time.
Related-unrelated-whatever- when you and Lucius first got together. Like, romantically. How did you get past the barriers? The mental ones?
Sorry if that is too heavy to ask while you're trying to relax and bask in love!! You can respond later, when you're back to real life.
I can practically smell the flowers and spices, practically hear the sounds of the city streets and the languages around me.
That temple though...I need to visit it. The picture alone looks very serene and close to source. If that makes sense. Being in those places makes me feel whole. I'm not even stoned, I mean it.
I'm really glad you're having a sublime time. It looks relaxing and romantic-the exact combination for a perfect honeymoon, imo!
He was 8 pounds at birth. Still premature. Pretty sure if I had carried him to term I would have ripped in half. WTF.
No. Jameson and didn't discuss names. I don't know if Rambo was legitimate or a joke, now...Omg. Can I name him Rambo?
It looks like someone is living the sweet life- deservedly so! You know, I've never been to India. That picture alone has it bumping up the list. The food alone....omg the food. Get in mah belly.
When I wake up every morning, there's a few minutes where reality hasn't yet set in. And then I reach for a man that isn't there, and it all comes crashing down again.
Their ring leader is a giant one named Teddy Jace who, after my last attempt on his life, disappeared somewhere into the castle catacombs.
Ellie will burn. Ellie wants to burn. Ellie has not slept in two days because Rambo is doing somersaults in her f*cking ovaries.
So long as you, Summer, and Winter are here to take me out once this satan spawn is born, take as long as you'd like in India!
India sounds lovely! Promise to send pictures. Now that my life is almost over, I will live vicariously through you.
I wager I will be the last Summers. Guaranteed. Winter will find some fella who will sweep him off his feet, then I'll be the last man standing!
I had this crazy dream a while back in which I got hitched (??!!) and you and Winter got super pissed at me for not inviting to the big event.
CONGRATS!!! I'm happy for you! And will 100% not be staying at Chez Honeymoon when I come to London! At least that settles that.
Did you have a proper wedding? Did you wear white? Did you get presents? Are you going on a honeymoon? Those last two things are literally the only reason I can see to get hitched.
Omg. If you waited until after Rambo... He could be the flower boy. Or the ring bearer. And I could drink!
I forget that about you, your love and talent in cooking! Homecooked meals sound perfect. I fully understand the feeling of flitting about. Hell, I've only just started unpacking in my room in Sydney. Living out of a suitcase for nearly half leaves much to be desired. Funny, since not too lohg ago, I was stuck and unable to leave. One would think I'd hate to stay in one spot for too long. Which I guess is kinda true.
I'm guessing I'll head back to Sydney after, unless something else catches my attention. I hadn't planned that far ahead.
To be truthful, I hadn't thought that far ahead. I am not sure how long we are staying. It was intended on being a quick trip before knowing a visit was included. To my understanding, he mentioned he doesn't really sleep. So I guess he won't need a room. An empty balcony or quiet rooftop would be sufficient as far as I can tell.
Of course the friend has a name. It's Kiernan. He's like me, kinda. Showing me the ropes 'n stuff. Maybe I can learn to control things without weed.
I'm surprised our idiot parents didn't not name one of us. Just...no name. Doesn't that seem like some dumb sh!t they'd pull? Fvck those guys. Hard. And not in the good way.
There is some loose strings that I need to handle in London, so I suppose a trip is in order regardless of phantom-not-phantom men.
Save travels back to the homeland. I was gonna head there myself, but that mysterious dude with messages from the grave stopped texting. Hmm, maybe I was just really fvkcin high and conjured up his existence entirely.
PS If you could pick up a bottle of Țuică while you're there, that'd be fantastic. Believe it or not, it's hard to find.
Summer 05/15/17 She took a while before responding to her sister. The angel was indeed triggered. The invocation of her presumably deceased brother. What she perceived was a brush off. Isolation from her family-a trigger very deeply ingrained and tangled with a host of other issues. The conclusion that Blaize was in hell. All the feelings surrounding that- running the gamut from fear to familiarity.
Lastly, the meta notion of being triggered seemed to be a trigger. This man wanted to meet? She couldn't even read and respond to a text without her feathers getting ruffled. Literally. White wings stretched out, the pink tips brushing against furniture as she paced in her room. Space. She needed more space.
Walking into the main room at the Azhi compound, Summer paced more, treading a path around the room. This man wanted to bequeath an estate here in Australia. The nerve. She'd moved into Blaize's home before, thinking she'd be with her family. Au contraire, the halls empty and cold with all her family enthralled elsewhere. It had been, unbeknownst to Summer, the straw that sent her deep.
And now her brother sent a puppet to talk in his stead. Taking a deep toke, Summer sat back on an oversized chair. Feeling more herself, she replied.
I am fairly certain his interest in talking to me has been rescinded after my last exchange. If I were to meet, my wings would be out. I'm not accustomed to having people see them. Isn't that funny? I take off my clothes for money, but won't let just anyone see that one part of me.
Sure. If Blaize can send a spokesperson, so can I, right? I only want words, something he never gave to me anyway. I have exchanged about three texts with this mystery man and it is nearly a longer convo than any I had with Blaize.
I do not accept the estate. Or any monetary inheritance. I'll send you my short list of charities for those.
I already told him where I am. I'm presently on holiday in Santorini, trying to fvcking relax but there's too many god damned tourists and I these texts from this fvcking grifter....
I need to blow off some steam. So help me god, if a hot cabana boy walks by, I'm gonna play "fvck, marry, kill" on one single person.
I don't think I can meet this person face to face. I can't keep it together. My wings...and...I can't. I'm trying but I can't figure out how to control it. Aside from blessed drugs.
Apparently there is an estate in Australia. Perhaps you can stay there and regale me with the story someday.
Summer 05/15/17 And just like that, her newfound buzz started to wear off as her wings threatened to make another appearance. Letting out a hiss of steam, Summer tapped out her reply.
Information about Blaize? Blaize spoke approximately three sentences to me since I got back (NOT an exaggeration). And now he sends some sulphuric lackey to have a conversation?
Mackenzie 05/14/17 You'd think the Realm would realize that Mackenzie Brooks has a low bullsh-t tolerance, but no. Apparently not. There are still some who think the seasoned veteran of mayhem is someone to be trifled with, and it rather amuses her. The girl who chooses to test those boundaries this evening is far from slick, chubby fingers digging right into her pocket and wiggling as if she had all the room in the world.
What is with this millennial generation in the Realm? Tact has gone out the window, obviously. No care to perfect their skills, and it is both sad and unimpressive.
Nevertheless, Mackenzie sighs and allows the girl to think she's doing a great job, even going so far as to slow her pace as she walks. There is a small amount of cash in her pocket, and obviously this girl needs it more than her.
A icy cold glance is tossed over her shoulder, blue eyes boring into the girl. She'd take the money, and Mackenzie would give her a tip.
....Autumn....the Brothers are there. I saw them. I thought they were my punishment. Just...please stick to Lucius' side. Like glue.
Above all-fvcking come back to me. Don't stay down there. I don't care how great it is or if you don't find Blaize or if he doesn't want to return. Come back. I need you to promise.
Summer 05/01/17 Summer stared at her phone and tried to remember if vampires could get pregnant. What else could Autumn be so hush-hush about? Trying to hold down excitement at being an auntie, she sent her reply.
Elouise Warrock 05/01/17 To be clear, Elouise and Autumn were most certainly sneaking away with Summer to learn how to poll dance. F*ck Lucius. Well, wait. Lucius is nice.
"You had every right to be mad. I was totally insensitive..." Without another word, the blonde give an awkward, one armed hug to the ginger, having to stoop since she's 'fun-sized'. "You're my best friend too."
Elouise Warrock 05/01/17 For the record, Elouise probably would have preferred her nude. Nevertheless, she stuffs her working hand into the pocket of her jeans, feet scuffing the floor beneath her. "I'm sorry I lied, and made you worry, and hurt you. I was reckless, and unfair, and stupid."
Elouise Warrock 04/30/17 As it was clear that Autumn would be ignoring her texts, (she was, of course, unaware the woman had broken her phone), Elouise manages to get herself out of bed to go and knock on the door that no doubt housed Lucius and Autumn on the other end.
"Are you still ignoring me? Can we talk, please?" She pauses. "...it's Elouise, in case you didn't realize." Smooth.
Summer 04/29/17 Juggling her purse, two bouquets of flowers, a suitcase, a laptop carrier and a joint delicately grasped between two fingers, Summer was unable to fish her phone out of her purse. Had she known an obituary was needed for yet another of her fiery sister's devices, she'd not even considered it. Ringing the doorbell again, she lifted her chin up and yelled in a sing-song voice, loud enough to wake the dead,
Sissypants- I just landed (omg finally). I have a driver- now I just need the address. And any code or whatever to get in. Name on the list, whatever. I guess I could tell security I am there for Elouise's stripper lessons. They'd be like "oh yea, we've been expecting you".
Winter is being curious. Like, more so than normal. If you see him before I arrive, stall his ass. I need to see him.
It's alright. I'm taking care of it. Elouise is not going to be leaving the compound for a while. She bares a striking resemblance to Rapunzel, don't you think?
Oh my god. I didn't even leave The Order's grounds. If you had bothered to check beyond my room, you'd know that.
I lied because I'm not supposed to be out of bed, Autumn. I have protection, I'm not an idiot. And Jason is patrolling, regardless.
You have no idea how frustrated I am, sitting in that room all day, totally f*cking hapless. I needed to feel the air on my bones. Is that so much to ask? For a moment to myself, outside of that glorified prison cell?
I didn't ask Jameson to square away babysitters. I went for a walk, Autumn, because I wanted to be alone.
I don't care how cute a pilot or the flight attendant is, how much complimentary champagne they keep pushing on me, or how much leg room I have on this Dassault Falcon- transcontinental flights are a f-ckin drag. I think we're somewhere over Kazakhstan right now.
I'm just really looking forward to seeing you and Winter. Maybe Blaize's...disappearance? Death? Maybe it's hitting harder than I thought. Could be why I'm spending my time fantasizing putting one of my feathers into whoever shot Elouise's eye. God, that'd be glorious.
I know Lucius has some business to tend to- making my vials!!! Or, you know, whatever you guys got going on. 
Hmm. In Moscow? I suppose I could use some vodka and borscht. Not together though. That is disgusting.
I just texted a pilot I know. Don't ask. Or ask, I am an open book. Anyway. He says if I get my ass to the airport now, it's about an 18 hour flight. So...see you tomorrow?
Mushrooms: I like to eat them and apparently I am one- I had not heard any pregnant women had been shot. Who the f-ck is gonna be on the business end of a roasting spit for f-cking with our girl?
Oh! And mozzarella sticks, French fries...I'm not really that hungry, so maybe just one extra order of pierogies with that.
Elouise Warrock 04/28/17 Well, if I wasn't shot, or, y'know, pregnant, I'd be in a position to be useful to my husband.
He will. And if he's afraid you will be in danger, you won't. You guys will be invisible to all denizens of the underworld.
We can see if there's a demon willing to make a deal with him. He's dead, though, so he has nothing to trade...
Of course he's the best thing that has ever happened to me. Jameson is the love of my life. I don't know where I'd be if I hadn't met him.
I almost got my son killed. Point blank range, Autumn. That lunatic could have done whatever he wanted, and I put myself into the situation because my curiosity got in the way of sensibility.
Maybe not. But I'm sure there is no place for you in hell, either. Your curse should not dictate your eternity, my friend. As for Lucius... He loves you. If you never heed another piece of advice from me again; follow your heart in all things. He will come around, or he won't. But you already know what's right or you wouldn't be asking.
My judgement is sh*t. So I'll do what Jim needs and say what he needs to hear. I shouldn't have been so f*cking stupid.
That is a very hard question. It honestly would depend on the circumstances and the livelihood of everyone involved. Elouise and Noura mean everything. And my son...
I have to believe in hell. I find that I need to believe there is some eternal justice for the evil in the world.
He may be in Purgatory, as well, if he was a vampire like the rest of you. If a creature lives by instinct and that ends up causing misfortune to others they go there.
I know. But I'm stressed. I worry for his sanity, sometimes, dealing with all of this. It's too much of a burden for any man, even my husband.
I can't do it but if we know the person in questions prime sin we can go to the designated ring in Hell and inquire.
Of course he is welcome. Time is not a problem. You understand where I am coming from here, I'm sure. If anything happens where I need to be away, I just need someone around who we trust. Elouise kind of loves you, so I think that fits the bill.
I might, but he's mine. El is doing okay, but may need an extra set of eyes in the future, possibly disguised as a friendly visit. Are you picking up what I'm throwing down, ging?
Okay, so first, relax. I'm fine. Jameson took it out and stitched me up, and now I'm sitting pretty with a bag of Cheetos.
And...Jameson's former best friend / Noura's ex-boyfriend? I don't know, it's 900 shades of really f*cked up around here.
I'm doing alright. As I told Winter, I guess maybe since I've been to the other side, I know it isn't that scary. I know maybe we'll see him again? Then again, I've never been the most balanced individual. So who knows.
I'm glad you're hanging in there. And I'm glad for Lucius. I know you and Blaize had a bond. I...have few words of comfort. Other than if we don't see him again, I'm sure he told lucifer to unseat the throne and to gtfo. But I remain hopeful. He's stronger than me, and I made it out. He can too.
Rambo is going to be lethal af. I'll just say 'cheese sandwich' in German and wake him up, Winter Soldier style.
-hands his adopted sister a basket full of different wines, chocolates, a customized wine glass with her name on it, and stuffed rabbit-
Sorry I fell asleep and drooled at brunch. And in the Maserati after brunch. And on your lap while we watched The Notebook. Generally just sorry for drooling.
Never anyone there since the demons are always on the job and the sinners are all kept in their designated Rings of Pain.
But a trip to Hell would be fun. It's not all fire and brimstone like everyone thinks. It's like an alternate reality or something.
Autumn. Do I look like someone who is capable of going without tequila and weed any longer than I already have?
He'll survive. And he'll be the perfect example of why birth control is so important! If I ever think a second kid is a good idea, just like, send me the recording of this one's birth. That'll change things.
Really?! I need it. I like modelling and all but if Kai saw how touchy these people get we would have a mass homicide on our hands.
As for the trip to Hell, I know a back way. And demons typically leave me alone down there since I'm stronger when down under.
Elouise Warrock 04/09/17 He must be close to some sort of break-through. I've just been harassing his sister while he's working. It's fun! Except I'm sort of afraid she's going to murder me one of these days. Anyways!
I can take you there sometime. It would be like a day or two trip but it's not as bad as people let on.
Elouise Warrock 04/09/17 I have a suitcase full of corn chips and got a pocket knife through airport security. I definitely have everything I need.
Jameson got caught up. Y'know. With work. Is Winter in London? It's been like, two days. But I'm having cuddle withdrawal. The man's cuddle game is on point.
And the flight was great, minus needing to pee every 20 minutes. But Jameson paid for first class...not that he knows that.
Most of my life has been confined to a limited space with little free time of my own. My past is pretty weird.
My people are all doing their own thing and I'm here... making paper airplanes and throwing them at my cat.
I think he just got lucky. If I'm the only one bringing a good pedigree, to this scenario who KNOWS how these kids are gonna end up.
I'm not a total idiot. I got the sense he wasn't the 'friend' type. But if he's your family, I'm going to make an effort to be kind.
No, I'm talking about unrealistic true love with unrealistically beautiful people, and at some point someone dies.
No need for debate! I'll give him a ball of yarn, or something. He'll be busy for hours. And then we get to watch The Notebook and cry together! :)
Fair warning, I will require at least one full day of snuggles. And movies. Mostly the snuggles, because I've been severely lacking. And I'll only glitter-bomb you once.
I'm still pushing for you stealing a baby so we can co-mom together. Rambo needs cousins to beat the sh*t out of!
I'll show you the hotel suite we trashed also. I puked a lot there, too. And we also got married in it!
I'm not sure yet. I'll show you the bar where Jameson & I first said 'I love you', and then I puked on his shoes!
How much do you bring when you travel? You aren't like Elle Woods and require a full van just for your luggage do you?
He gave someone my number? That's a feat all in itself. He's typically very selfish about letting others talk to me.
If I didn't have two hundred pounds of Jameson weighing me down, I would come kick your lily white ass.
And it was a valid question. I'd ask him, but with the significant brain trauma, he probably has short-term memory loss.
It's okay. I'm probably going to end up having 15 blood-thirsty ninja babies. Some are bound to be girls. You can have those.
It's okay. I threw my hands in the air and kind of broke my doctor's nose when I found out. Girls are so scary. 
I guess we'll really know in two weeks? LOL. Jameson will die if it's a girl. Like, seriously. He will have a stroke and die.
Apparently, at 18 weeks the sex can be revealed, but we already know that. 19, the baby can hear all of the gun assembly tapes I'll be playing him, and 20 is the half-way mark. Wahoo! Still kinda looks like an alien though.
Dude. All of the fun stuff is happening in the next four weeks. Including the half-way mark. Kms. This is taking forever.
I'm gonna start looking pregnant as f*ck, and no one at the bakery can judge me for ordering two boxes of donuts all for myself anymore.
Either way, it's still hilarious when people steal Jameson's money. And, thank you! I like my ass too. And yours. ;)
You know, I really like Lucius. I don't know any guy who offers his girlfriend over without any qualms. Except he stole my dog treats. 
Like, for example, Nigel is coming to visit Moscow once I'm back from Moscow. He's going to be thrilled!
I did, the second time. And like vaguely insinuated on one occasion that I wanted to marry the f*ck out of him.
1. Of course I'll share some tips and tricks to dancing. And "dancing". Two different things. Both very useful!
2. You are glowing, girl! Love looks good on you. And this one? This one I approve of. For whatever that is worth. Not like I have a great track record in judging dudes. Which leads me to:
When are you and Lucius going to ruin a perfectly good relationship with marriage? I'll ask him. Or threaten him.
When we lived in Bloemfontein, my bed was my sacred place. I didn't even want to let Jameson in there, mostly because it was a onesie-only zone. But he has a REALLY cute butt. And he used to be funny, and nice. He would bring me food, too. He pranked my room with spaghetti bombs, too.
Summer 03/10/17 Her set had ended just as they did in London, Sydney, New York, or anywhere else. It ended with her fishing various pieces of undergarments and single bills off the stage in a graceful-yet-hurried manner. Beaming a wide grin at the generous Parisans sitting at the rack, Summer trotted to the bar, aiming on sitting her sparkling bare tush on a stool, ordering up a double of whatever it was they drank in volumes in France, and having a grand ole time.
Maxime, the heavily tattooed, willowy bartender gave her a slow grin as he poured a drink. He fished her cell phone from a shelf under the bar. "Incoming text from someone named 'Red Hot'. Figured it was worth a mention."
Giving him a demure smile, she took the phone, her eyes remaining on him. His English was excellent, even tinted with an accent from her home town. She didn't say anything further, simply sipping her drink as she read the text. Let him think whatever he wants about who 'Red Hot' was. He was just a bartender at the club she was being featured at for a month.
Thumbs poised over her phone, she glanced up at him. "How do you say 'My beautiful sister' in French?"
Chuckling, he leaned close, whispering it in her ear. She studied the tattoo that crept across his skull, a filigree crown in lieu of hair.
Welcome! I'd say that in French too, but it is loud in here and I don't want to keep yelling 'how do you say...?' like a god damned idiot. I just finished my last set. You can either pop by the club- I'm the nearly naked one at the bar flirting with Maxime. Woman: Everything you've heard about French dudes is true. Everything.
Elouise Warrock 03/08/17 Aw. I love you. You're the hottest b*tch on the block, but you already know that!
I'm going to go put on some real clothes, then. See you in two wags of a lamb's tail! Also, I bought a lamb.
You bring up a valid scenario- we don't feature many male dancers (outside Of one specific night of the week- talk about YUM and also talk about "barking up the wrong tree" if you catch my drift. They aren't buying what I'm selling sadly. Hey, a girl can still look!!). Anywhoosies. Let's shove your beau up on stage. I'll sacrifice some single Euros, makin' it rain on him. Hahahah I've never met the poor lad- this sounds like a very good introduction.
Wait, have I met him? Sh-t, I can't even remember if Winter and I crashed Elouise's wedding. Maybe I should ease up on the good sh-t??
Arrested for butt-touching?! If touching butts is wrong, I don't wanna be right. Put that on my headstone when I die.
Normally picture taking in the club is a no-no, but I'll try to have one of the other dancers sneak a few shots. It is something best experienced live and in the flesh. Ahem. Bring your new beau- perhaps I can even drag your cute ass on stage for amateur night?? Omg my little sis, following in my footsteps! It makes me teary eyed just thinking about it. Although honestly, I peg Winter as more the 'dancing naked on stage for cash' type than you. Someone has to be classy in this family. It went all to you, Red Hot!
Pro tip- while in Italy, don't try to lick the statue of David. If you thought they frowned on butt-touching....
Sydney is awesome. It is warm, the vibe is relaxed yet energetic, and the people are lovely. I am currently in Paris, however. Doing a month long stint at Théâtre Chocotte. It's as amazing as it sounds, minus the French winter weather. How's you? How's London?
I don't know? I asked him to come to Rome with me. I'm here, having a ball. Solo vacations are also fun!
It's worked out so far. Husband with cute butt, probably a baby with a cute butt. ...I have a beautiful life.
I'm trying to learn how to cook, but so far I'm limited to ramen noodles and the occasional pancake batch.
Baby, totally worth not drinking ever again, as far as I'm concerned. I'm going to refer to him as Rambo for simplicity's sake. And because his name is Rambo.
There is definitely something wrong with it. Who wants to be sober for 9 months?? Jameson can carry the next one.
You know, she was so happy, and so I was happy. Thats all I really care about. So the answer is yes. I enjoyed myself. So? You???
Sorry. I've been a little spacey. V-Day was good. She seemed to enjoy herself. I'm glad I could accommodate. How was yours?
Well, he has very specific feelings about mine. And I don't want to have the conversation with him. So I'll leave this as your one and only task! Unless you want to have a bridesmaid party. In which case, you have two.
It doesn't really matter which flavor I like, there's a bun in the oven. How about Macallan whiskey? That's Jamie's favorite. I think he loves it more than me. Oh! Steak. So much steak. Enough that it would be a tear to Ron Swanson's eye.
What about just a 'it's been a few months and I still have a crush on you'? Is that reason enough? I never got to do the white dress, church thing. And I'm not super fat yet.
I'm glad you had a nice time. I'm warming up to Lucius. He still doesn't deserve you, but I'm not sure anyone does.
The hubs and I went on a carriage ride. And I ate a cheesecake. Like, an entire cheesecake, by myself.
A date!! That is exciting. In that case, I hope you have a wonderful time and that the person in question knows just how lucky they are to have you join them.
Happy V-day back at ya, hot stuff! I hope you have a fabulous day. I'll be working, shakin dat a$$ for the lonely single dudes, relieving them of their hard earned cash. It's a tough life, someone's gorta do it. 
Dinner. So much dinner because she loves food. I've also shut down Gorky Park for the night. Its a little chilly, but I've got a carriage to take us through the gardens. I just want to spend time with her. Do you think she'll enjoy it?
And I may or may not have posted them on the Mommy & Me forum I'm a part of instead. Guess I'd better change my identity!
Lingerie is a gift for Jameson. Mama is the one who needs presents. Like tequila. So much tequila. Drown me in tequila. NOT baby-making clothes.
I don't care if you two are the f*cking Steve Jobs of lingerie, it's not happening. I like my onesies. And elastic jeans. And baggy shirts. Basically anything that totally obscures my figure. 
You'll have to fight your brother over the baby shower. He's totally taken it over. ...and I think he's buying me lingerie. Please help.
The last time Jameson surprised me, I found out I was pregnant. And he didn't even do that on purpose.
Ugh. But my secret is good! Whatever, I'm telling you anyway! I'm having a boy. And I'm worried all of Jameson's name recommendations are going to suck.
"The pleasure is mine! If you need anything of me, Kai knows where I am, like, always. Just if you see a creepy, living teddy bear missing an arm...do not engage."
Zarek 02/02/17 Oh, just stray thoughts, or perhaps I simply enjoy hearing my presence has been missed.
The shoes are for you, babe. You can find them in the post soon enough. I've sent them to your flat in London. Maybe you can have someone fetch them if you're not in town.
I've found a couple clubs in Sydney- trying them out for a bit before I settle- Dollhouse, Minx, and Porky's are in the main rotation. They have body sushi at Dollhouse and reserved events only a few nights a week at Minx. That means more shoes for mama.
I'll be sure to let the bouncers know that not only will they NOT get tipped out, but a vicious petite red head will be on their ass if they slip up.
He can take his sh*tstorm and leave it in the same place he left the birthday acknowledgement I never received.
I was shopping for some new work shoes and came across these. For some inexplicable reason, I thought of you! I don't think they'd fetch me a lot of tips, but...some days they just need to be worn, ya know?
Nope, pretty sure Jameson is dead. And if he isn't, then he'll want to be. 'cuz I'm gonna kick his ass.
And I'm pretty sure Jameson is dead. Will you be my pity wife? And I mean that as in you're taking pity on me. 
I'm moody and I'm not sharing. That mofo better be prepared to sight-see on his own, because I need Autumn-time.
And yes, I'm in Moscow. It's too f*cking cold to go anywhere. And I think if I leave Jameson will probably kill Cal, and that's my job.
I didn't sneak out. I just didn't live with a bunch of people so nobody noticed. That and...everyone seemed a bit preoccupied.
Australia does seem to suit me. It is Summer here (hehe) so I can wander around in shorts and tank tops all the time! When these sunny days get old, I'll come to London. In truth, I had eyeballed a nice long visit to the coast of Mexico, but changed my mind.
Literally before he kissed me for the first time, he called me a potato. I am the embodiment of a potato.
If you'd come to Moscow, I would add you to the list of snuggle-buddies, but nooooo, you've got more important matters to attend to.
I'm chillin' in Syndey for a bit. The beaches are fabulous and there is eye candy galore. Here's me taking a picture of one while he takes a picture of me. If you're looking to be on the opposite side of the globe from London for any reason, I have a place for you to crash.
BORING AF. Unless our kid is really cute. Then maybe we'll have like 12-15 more. And name them all George Foreman.
Completely at peace with it. Who's idea do you think this was, anyway? You should see the nursery.. Don't tell Elouise I'm building a nursery. Its a surprise.
Also, what the f*ck are hashtags? I'm so behind. The Internet is really testing the limits of my mind, here.
He's carved from stone. Jesus Christ. The least he could do is have a LITTLE body fat. How do you cuddle with a boulder??
It would be better if he spent at least 18 of those hours shirtless. But, we can't all get what we want.
If I have to raise two tiny me's I will drown myself. Can you even imagine? They would just feed off each other's demon energy.
Do NOT fall for her lies. Believe me when I say that she knows what sexting is. She's just trying to get you to send nudes.
Elouise Warrock 01/16/17 "Dad implies participation in my life. It's Nigel. And yes, mischief is one of the innumerable reasons we're friends."
Elouise flicks Autumn on the arm. "I'm going to go eat a double cheeseburger and take a nap. ...and then we're gonna do something fun. Like Yahtzee. And I'll even let you drink." With a little wave, the blonde teeters off, onesie and all.
Elouise Warrock 01/16/17 She lets out a groan, eyes rolling. "Autumn, it's a joke. I got him a watch. Okay? You're acting like I want to kidnap him and bring him to Moscow to be tortured, or something."
Elouise Warrock 01/16/17 "No, that was a joke. I'm not crazy. I just need you to give something to my father for me. He said he'd be in Moscow, but, plans change..." The disappointment in her tone is palpable, but she simply shrugs, a smile replacing her mood.
"I'll give it to you before you leave. It's not a big box. ...and it should probably get through airport security."
Elouise Warrock 01/16/17 "Pft. I'm pretty sure Jameson is close to ditching. Or kicking me out. He cleans up so much puke. Sometimes I don't even attempt to get to a trash can or toilet." Her brows waggle, a devious glint in her eyes. "How else is he going to know how I feel?"
Elouise Warrock 01/16/17 Elouise releases the shorter woman, giving her a pat on the head. Because she's fun-sized and adorable. Taking her bag, the blonde begins trudging back from whence she had come, padded feet stomping as she did.
"You're right. My husband never makes me do anything. He's wonderful." As she guides Autumn through the heart of their complex, she shoots a glance back. "I guess this means you're on puke duty. Lucky you." An idle smirk dances on her lips as she stops, pushing open the door to an unoccupied room.
Everything seemed to be in order, and Elouise had even made the space a bit more homey. ...by decorating it with several pictures of herself, of course. "And you can massage my feet. And my back. You're my b*tch now."
Elouise finally crawls out of bed, grumbling under her breath as she heads towards the entrance, not at all thrilled to be a) awake or b) moving. She was dressed head-to-toe in her Wonder Woman onesie, and a cranky scowl. In the foyer stood one punny red-head, as well as her luggage.
"I won't even get out of bed for Jameson, so, you're welcome." Her attitude subsides as she grapples the woman in a bear-hug. "Welcome to Moscow, you skank."
I would say you could just come hide in my bed oasis, but Jameson is VERY territorial about cuddle time. He's like a koala.
My movements are limited to the bathroom and my bed. And sometimes Jameson's office, but that's just to distract him. Or send him for tacos.
She always seems to be. Doesn't do as good of a job hiding it as she thinks. I keep her on her toes. Don't want those wits going dull while she's unable to wreak havoc. That's ❤
Whatever Elouise told you, don't believe her. But you know you're always welcome in Moscow. We're happy to host you.
If you don't mind, I'd rather my little recruitment speech stay between you and I. Elouise.. Doesn't need the added stress. Its kind of a surprise.
My favorite part of every morning is when Jameson holds my hair back while I puke, and we both realize our love isn't strong enough to survive this pregnancy. ❤
Its no use. Its MY money, and I think she gets some sort of sick satisfaction from someone stealing it out from under her.
Summer 01/12/17 Hearing her phone buzz, Summer sat up on the couch, shoving bags of crisps and Cheetohs out of her way in search of it. It gave a second reminder buzz a few moments later. "F-ck!" She squealed in frustration, finally fishing her phone out of a now-empty ice cream container. Pinching it between two fingers, she wiped it off on her yoga pants. Clamping a short roach between her lips, she sent a reply.
Dude...I know of what you speak. I only know what day it is when Carl comes a-knockin' to pick me up and take me to work.
It was really great seeing you the other night. We need to do it more often. No need to wait for some bullsh-t reasons.
No. .. Well, I don't know. It depends on which side of the fence you're on, I guess. She's not completely squared with me, but she's blood. Something tells me you know what I'm saying.
She's, uh. Well. I haven't actually asked her yet, but. My sister, Noura.. Don't believe anything Elouise says about her.
Heh. No, but you're equipped with fangtastic other abilities. Like bloodlust. And strength. Look, its not too involved, I just need someone who is bipartial to accompany me. There's only one person in Moscow that I could sway...
Its a bit of a merc mission. An extraction of sorts. Someone with your.. Strength, certainly could be considered a valuable ally.
Let me check it over with preggers.. And if you don't mind, this time I'll come to you. It turns out I have some business to take care of in New York. A layover us no trouble.
Assuming you're not some half-breed, vampire/alien hybrid, pathogenically speaking, you're all encoded with the same infection. So.. Yes, your blood would do. Am I to bid on it now?
Christ on rye, I feel f-cking fantastic. Fresh as a god damned daisy, despite tying one on as hard as we did.
Summer 01/07/17 Despite her livelihood, Summer's current existence consisted mainly of going to work, then either having Carl drive her home or taking the tube to her gritty neighborhood. Maybe a stop at a chip shop, probably a stop at a grocery for necessities, then she'd hunker down at home watching some programs and avoiding the world. The peace and quiet was nice, but a little unnerving. She missed her family.
Forcing the corners of her lips up into a smile, she grabbed a hunk of her hair and dangled it over Autumn. Remnants of glitter may or may not rain down on her sister. Laughing, she commented, "You're pretty enough without the glitter."
Watching her sister finish off her last shots, Summer calls to the bartender. "Oi, Mary! Bottle of Penderyn's. To go." She cackles. "Put it on my tab, I'll settle up next week." Tucking the slim bottle of single malt in the crook of her arm, she caught up to her sister. Looping her free arm through Autumn's, the pair sauntered out onto the busy London streets. She waved the bottle at Autumn. "Something to get us from point A to point B."
Summer 01/07/17 Grinning a bit madly, it sure was being out with her sis. It had been far too long. Why? Eh, life. Stupid sh-t. The usual. When you've got forever, priorities shift. Urgency wanes. Nodding her head enthusiastically, her blonde mane swished in the light. Fragments of multicolored glitter glinted in the light. "I'm never danced out. Besides, this dancing is different. I'll eventually need something stronger than whiskey." Her voice was mild, knocking back another shot. Her family knew of her proclivities and made no bones about them, bless their hearts. They knew what she was running from, what she covered up.
Summer 01/07/17 Her younger sister was especially diminutive next to her while still in her work shoes. "Work shoes"=stripper heels, natch. Staring a bit openly at Autumn's doll face for a few blinks, she then clamped her lips shut and nodded. There were things in this world in which to push. Autumn Summers was not one of them. Besides, she'd never been a fan of her sisters beau- an odd grudge since she'd never actually met the guy. There was more to that, but nothing worth thinking about now.
Waving her hand dismissively as she knocked a shot back, she said with some indifference, "Eh, I'm not too sure stumbling drunk into a cathedral after a hot chick only to end up married is worthy of celebration. Being single definitely is, but..." She tossed another one back, not even bringing the shot glass to her lips, instead just tilting her head back and pouring the liquid down. "We can also just clear our minds entirely." Her grin was a bit wolfish, feral.
Summer 01/07/17 Set finished, money collected, peripheral coworkers tipped out accordingly, Summer made her way to the dressing room. Since she was hitting the town with one of her sisters, she decided to just shimmy on some skin tight black pants and not bother with a top. Instead, she slipped on a very fluffy purple faux fur jacket over her neon yellow mesh bra. Yea it was winter. Cold didn't bother her. As such, she could dress completely inappropriately no matter the season. Touching up her eyeliner and smearing on more lipstick, the blond didn't waist any more time.
That red hair could be spotted from a kilometer away. Grinning, she sauntered up, pleased to see her younger sibling had gotten started while waiting. Having not spent much time with her lately, Summer didn't notice the absent necklace, so she didn't comment on it.
"Babe! You look fantastic, as always. What's the occasion? Do we need an occasion?" Summer laughed as she went to embrace Autumn. She beckoned the bartender for another round of shots.
Summer 01/07/17 Figuring she had glitter in her eye, Summer stared at her phone blinking. Empty, eh? Huh. Probably Beige was out on business or some sh-t. ***** Better Have My Money blared on the speakers throughout The Windmill. " ****." Summer muttered. Fingers flying, she quickly texted in response before heading on stage for her last set.
I read that and figured I was high, but then realized I only dance sober. So ahhh, yea. We'll talk once you get here. Or not, talking's for p-ssies anyway. I've seen enough of that all day, knowwhatImean?
I'll tell Carl (the bouncer) to let you in. Meet ya at the bar, then we bounce and f-ck some sh-t up, like the good ole days.
I'm working for another hour. You wanna meet me here, then we can hit the pub down the street? It's low key. I could use some ale. And chips. Mmmm damn, I'm hungry. Actually, I'm gonna cut out after my next set. Twist my arm.
Thanks. I'm mellowing, thanks to a very nice batch of Purple Haze. I'm happy. I'm always happy. Except when my nearest and dearest...you know what, never mind. Water under the bridge.
I saw Twig. Lurking near work, if you can believe it. Hope he doesn't come in while I'm on stage. #awkward #betterbringcash I don't think he saw me. I was rolling as Super Stealth Summer.
Winter is freaking out, so I figured I'd send a text to you to cover my ass. Yes, I stumbled into the cathedral and got hitched. I'm clearly being pranked, as I've never even talked to the chick, she's really pretty and was probably like- look at this b-tch, high as f-ck, let's see what happens. Well jokes on her, as now she's part of this family! An honor, yes, but one not many can handle. I didn't "invite" anyone for the same reason I don't invite people to watch me buy a pack of smokes. It just happened.
Damn, we really don't like this guy, eh? I've never met a Ghoul.. I wonder if Spring would let me borrow her hubster?
Jameson Orlav 01/04/17 Autumn .. Sky? Will? Oh, sh!t, not Spring? Damn, he's in for it. She's cra-Uh, crazy lovely and wonderful!
The noise a mere echo beneath the hollow bridge of her mouth. Aggressively it fights against the low rumble of her throat; vibrations rising like bile along her esophageal lining in frustration.
One sniff. Two sniff. Vampire. Even since the closing of After Dark, London was a mess of plague- riddled to the core with the disgusting excuse of the undead. What was worse than the vile existence of human beings which she loathed entirely was these f-cking leeches.
Mere coincidence would bring the blonde together with the flaming haired beauty. In another life Camille may have gone forth and claimed her in the name of the residual darkness inside. Not now, though. She had been tarnished by the eternal damnation. Much to the Angels dismay.
And then, as she passes, her fist rears forward and breaks through the wall of atmosphere between them. Camille strikes once, and then twice, until the girl is on her ass. Only then would she lean over and pluck a token of her satisfaction from the woman beneath her. Cami isn't even sure quite what she had grabbed, but it was hard and it was shiny.
"Too pretty for this life, Mon Cher..." Tender fingers reach to caress the cold and undead skin of her aggressed, before she is off like a bolt in the night.
Elouise Warrock 12/28/16 “Well. I wouldn’t say hindsight is one of my strengths. But. I’m glad we’re friends.” She shoots her a wink, pulling her winter jacket back over as she begins to stand up. “As always, you’re welcome any time you come to visit Moscow.”
“I’ll be back through soon enough. The trip to see my mother is one of those unfortunate, inevitable things.” All but back together, she’s toying with her phone again. No doubt to order a car. “Thanks for the drink, Autumn.” She places a hand on the other woman’s arm, giving it a small squeeze. “See you soon.”
Elouise Warrock 12/27/16 "I feel like ****." She shakes her head. Finally, her shame shows through. "I wouldn't draw a gun on Noura. This baby is driving me crazy." It was the strongest impulse Elouise had ever felt. And it had led her astray.
"I think Buffalo will have to wait a few days. I have too much to fix at home." She's scanning her phone, fielding memos, checking flights. "After all, I'll still be married and pregnant when I get to my mother's, and she'll still not know until I get there. The fun will simply have to wait."
Elouise Warrock 12/27/16 “It’s pretty f*cked up. I didn’t ask for any of this. For him.” She begins to toy with her wedding band, her smile only growing. “I love him so much. It makes me sick.” Literally. She’s puked on him more times than she can count. “We got married in London. I didn’t waking up that morning with a clue of how it would all work out. Sometimes… you just know.”
A low scoff leaves her lips. Her smile fades. “And if you had told me I’d have wanted a baby, I would have said you were crazy. But the truth is, Autumn… I’m not terrified of having the child. It’s the loving part of it. I didn’t think I could love anything more than I love Jameson. I mean… it’s not even here. What if it’s ugly? I’m going to love an ugly baby more than my own husband?!”
She’s starting to shift from exasperation to hysteria, the water works coming on. But, she shuts them down. “…I guess all newborns start out kind of ugly, don’t they?”
Elouise Warrock 12/27/16 "He's not going to be there. I wouldn't let that happen again, Autumn. He's everything to me." Her fingertips grip her empty wine glass, jaw setting as she emits a sharp sigh. She's embittered. Still so enraged over the events that had transpired.
Her head hangs, eyes rolling. Mothering instinct. She could hardly take care of herself. But she was right, and Elouise knew it. She groans, head swinging back to rest against the padded booth.
"No, no. My layover is twelve hours. I saw Dad and." You. She finally manages a faint smile. "I have to get back to Heathrow soon enough. But I couldn't sit there for hours. So. Here I am."
Elouise Warrock 12/27/16 Noura. "She's Jameson's sister. F*cking b*tch." A feeling of disgust washes over her -- it's visible in her expression. "And I'd do it again."
Elouise diverts her gaze, shaking her head as she mulls over the events of two days prior. "She threatened my baby. I... I don't know what came over me."
Elouise Warrock 12/27/16 She's trying to continue. To explain exactly what transpired. She lets out a laugh, shaking her head. It's not amusement, but exasperation.
Elouise didn't know if she could ever get over it. The thought that she might have killed him if he had intervened at the wrong moment.
"Noura came for Christmas dinner. I tried to kill her. It didn't go as planned." With that said and done, she chugs the last of her wine, appearing absolutely miserable.
Elouise Warrock 12/27/16 Elouise sits at the booth, arms folded, face pressed to the table. She lifts her head at the sound of Autumn's voice. She looks tired, like she hasn't slept since Christmas.
"Hi." It's a start for her. Sipping on the glass of wine in front of her. Screw half a glass. She needed the whole bottle, as far as she was concerned. But Baby Satan kind of screwed up those plans.
Her voice drops to a mumble, the only audible words of the whole thing being: "...and I shot my husband."
Elouise Warrock 12/22/16 Well, Jameson does bring home tacos. That's the best thing anyone has ever done for me.
Well...whatever you prefer. It doesn't make a difference to me. But if you open it in London, have Gray film your response.
I think you answered your own question. Some dude who fancied a shag. Nothin' I can't handle. Retract those fangs, Red Hot, I can see 'em from here.
No you're not, b*tch. Because in approximately eight months you'll get to play with a chubby baby and burn a city to the ground with me.
Speaking of children, Jameson and I are naming ours Macallan Pilsner Orlav. Scotch whiskey deserves all of the credit, after all!
I used to be fun, once. And probably better looking. Do you have any idea how f*cking weird I'm going to look pregnant? I'm 5'10 for Christ's sake. I'm going to be wife of Sasquatch!
Huh? You gettin' in my edibles again? I swear to f-cking christ between you and Winter, I'm gonna be left stone cold sober. JK no chance of that ever happening. Seriously though, wtf you on about?
Checks the mail, fishing out this weeks tabloids. A tiny, dim bell goes off in Summer's brain. She picks up the phone and resumes her text. Ah, I see what it is. I haven't read that rag yet, but maybe I'll just skip it next time I'm dropping the kids off at the pool and use it for some rolling paper. I suppose your reaction is dependent on who submitted the 'hot tip'.
Summer 12/19/16 Autumn Oh, haha. Sorry for the long text. It's this strain called 'Galactic Jack'. It makes me very chatty.
You do you, babe. I love you no matter what, so...just as long as you're happy. I'm glad your bloke is good. You deserve nothing less.
Listen. I'm busy all of the time. And if he isn't going to shave his legs, why should I shave me?! FEMINISM.
Because that sack of potatoes married me while I was *wearing* a onesie. He's easily impressed. Or doesn't complain often. Either way.
I am sure Gray will be thrilled that you purchased a pair of those heels on a other mans dime. Also, rumor is that your siblings are terrifying. Mine is enough trouble as it is. Sorry, kid.
I'm really going to have to turn off those text alerts on his phone. We deserved the shoes, obviously. It's like Manolo made the shoes just for us!
I don't dress up for Jameson. He's lucky to see me in my dressier pajamas. ...but maybe just this once.
I just found a very hefty charge on my credit card, post-adventure. Do I have your influence to thank for this?
I'm far too afraid he's going to do what Michael Jackson did. I refuse to raise a Prince Jameson Orlav!
It's plausible that you randomly took on the body of a very large, very muscular man! Growth spurts can come at the most inopportune moments.
Of course Blaize and I are the only ones who think it is a good idea. Blaize is a smartypants and I am the only one who is no longer a vampire. Kinda that whole 'can't see the forest from the trees' thing? Well, I'm outta the trees babe, and have a really good view at that fanged, bloody forest that was forced upon us. F-ck that, and f-ck it.
Besides, what's the worst that can happen? You die. Okay. Sorry to be that person, but- been there, done that. So you go to hell. Make nice with the devil, I'll call in my favor I have with him, you return as a demon. Bing, bang, bong (hehe, 'bong'), all fixed! But if it is Jameson who's searching for the cure, I bet you've got it. He picked a good wife, so he can't be a total mook, right?
Spring will come around, she just has to be angry. If Winter has his panties in a wad, I haven't a clue why. And as for your man? If he has an ounce of smartness, he'll know how good he's got it with you and not be a total dumbsh-t. He'll come around too. If not, you've got your rocks: Us.
Love you babe. Take care out there. And bring home some of those multicolored scarves all the old Russian ladies wear, please.
Summer 12/13/16 Getting on the tube to Brixton, Summer snapped her gum and tugged her fuzzy knit cap down on her head. Golden hair spilled out down her parka. The winter gear was for show. Running around in a tank top and shorts in the dead of an English winter would certainly cause eyebrows to raise. Not that she was opposed to raising eyebrows. She just preferred that attention while on stage and when people had their wallets out. A thread of excitement raced through her body. She was on her way to sign the lease and get the keys to her new flat in Brixton. Finally- finally she’d truly be on her own. Not beholden to anyone, not in someone else’s home, seeking permission to paint her bedroom walls or go into certain rooms. Hers. Where she controlled the locks and wasn’t held as a Nazi vampire patriarch’s fetish pet.
Swallowing thickly, her peripheral vision took in the people surrounding her. It was an old habit from her vampire days, always on the prowl for her next catch. Two chav’s sat with their legs ridiculously spread wide –like they really needed that much space- talking about the football match from the day prior. They then went on to talk about chicks they’d bagged, then onto the latest gossip. Giving her gum a loud snap, she watched the underground walls flash by.
“Ey! You hear ‘bout that hot chick in the rags, she’s goan to some quack doc to not be a vamp no more. That ginger one. So fookin’ hot.”
“No, serious. Some fookin’ doctor goan fix ‘er right up. Too bad, that. I got somethin’ for her to suck.”
The chavs laughed ribaldly, moving their intellectual discussion onto something else. But Summer’s attention had been piqued. Hot ginger vampire chick in the rags. Math was never her best subject, but she could put two and two together. At her stop, Summer ducked out, holding the collar of her parka up against her face. Again, she wasn’t blocking the wind. She was hiding her expression from the throngs of people on the streets. Why was she learning her sister was seeking treatment to cure vampirism from some d-ckweed chavs on the tube? Same reason she learned about her family from those very rags the chavs talked about.
Early for her meeting with the landlord, Summer took a seat at the café and ordered a cuppa. She pulled out her phone, her face an emotionless mask.
Hey baby sis. I heard on the streets you were trying to shake the vampirism . Not sure where you are or how that's gonna work but, I think it's a good choice. I've never want to go back to that. Every time I fed, I felt like I was still in that house...Not that life as a f-cking angel is perfect. At least they didn’t make me this way.
Anyway. say hello to your new man! I bet he's happy you are making this change and fully cutting the ties to your abusers.
Elouise Warrock 12/10/16 Good! Then we should definitely go out tonight. He's not fun to drink with.
Elouise Warrock 12/10/16 You're probably right. Though nothing could smell worse than the jail cell I spent the night in. It was like mini-Gulag.
There's a driver waiting for you. He will know where to go. I hope you don't mind, we will be meeting at my office. First floor, end of the hall. That place isn't too big, shouldn't be hard to find. See you then.
I'm in Moscow. Let me know when you arrive. I can't meet you at the airport, but there's a place downtown. I'll text you the address. If you need a place to stay, arrangements will be made. I believe you've made acquaintance with my wife already. She would be happy to have you.
Jameson Orlav 12/07/16 Honeyed eyes flicker as they glance back and forth between words on the screen. Looking for a cure. So, people knew. They were finally talking. What Jameson needed to decide was whether this meant impending danger, or a simple curious query.
Jameson is fine. What can I do for you? I've got free time in the evenings, usually. Whatever works best for you.
Sorry for my late reply. My dealer arrived and he had some new sh-t, and, well...anyway. That's an 'in-person' story.
Of course I'm happy for you. Is there a reason I shouldn't be? Why are those silly brothers giving you a hard time? They love you bunches, just like I do. Blaize is probably just being protective and Winter probably just wanted a reason to b-tch someone out while naked.
Camille 12/06/16 Thanks dollface. I've got a really solid game plan. I'm working hard to win this year. So many drugs and hormones. I can practically feel a fragile male ego rooting deep within.
I saw JFC on the streets, does that count? I probably made a fool of myself, but what's new. I seem to do better with men when they are sitting at the stage, yaknow? :D I'll leave successful dating to you.
Seriously, are you the only one of us that can maintain a relationship? Gold star to you for that one! Teach lessons. Please.
Sh-t dude, sorry about that. My pipe's empty, my dealer is late getting here, and the benzos clearly haven't kicked in. Sounded like Spring for a second, haha.
I have a bone to pick with you missy. I have to learn from a magazine that my baby sister is a)seeing someone and b)GETTING MARRIED?!?!!?! When do I get to meet this man of mystery?
Anyway. Text me back sometime or I'm wearing white to your f-cking wedding, you gorgeous b-tch! (Don't think I won't. I'm bringing Jesus as my date. Did you read that part? Aww sh-t! DOUBLE WEDDING.)
Do I drink? I've been called a functionally alcoholic a few times. I have a punch card. Buy five drinks, get a free Uber home!
He's adorable. But I may have to leave him for your brother. Selfie skills are an important part of any relationship, after all.
Jameson Orlav 11/25/16 Enlarged eyes dart suspiciously, "Look, I travel a lot for work.." Jameson takes a small step back, as though he were preparing to evade a beating, "That bright hair seems to be quite trendy at the moment. Mere coincidence, really."
Jameson Orlav 11/22/16 Dark brows knot into a 'v' shape over his now narrowed eyes. A heavily sleeved arm comes across his mouth, wiping the remnants of pizza crust from the corners of his face.
"Worth it." Lips perk into an exaggerated grin. It says 'I'm adorable, thanks', just before he toddles off.
Jameson Orlav 11/22/16 Shoving the last piece of pizza crust into his mouth, Jameson chews hastily, swallowing fast as he wipes his hands together and makes a spectacle of having finished his meal.
Summer 11/21/16 She’d heard through the tiny grapevine that was her family that her sisters had a blow out fight. Summer flopped onto her bed, shoving pillows out of the way, staring at the ceiling. Fairly sober, she licked her lips out of nervousness and put her hand on her belly. Discord among the very few she actually loved in this world made her feel physically ill. She didn’t know what the fight was about and she didn’t need to. That was between them. Despite that, Summer felt like she needed to reach out to the two bullheaded women, knowing that they were very likely isolating themselves. With a sigh, she chuckled as she glanced at her tall, antique apothecary chest. Each tiny drawer contained a different means of escape and isolation for the woman. They all had different ways of quieting the storm.
Rolling over, she grabbed her phone and sent out a text to each, just needing to send out that tether to her baby sisters.
Autumn, my sweet little red-hot- I want you to know I love you no matter what. I’m back in London, brought you back a cat head pipe in celebration of your new kitten. While you’re in New York, will you have a black and white cookie for me? Also maybe a cronut. I hear those are super yummy. Xoxo- S
Lloyd R Darrow 11/19/16 You're the one from the paper, aren't you? With the dozen siblings with odds and ends for names? Seems only one of the two of us should have any parenting issues. Do have a good evening now, Miss.
Lloyd R Darrow 11/19/16 If you needed money for heroin, all you had to do was ask. I give donations to homeless people all of the time. What you do with it is your business.
Camille 11/16/16 Never mind where she had gotten the key from. The guards were on her sb-t list, and it brought her immense pleasure to see them suffer. Evenings were the easiest- the chubby little men were so often busy with an influx of activity after dawn had passed, and that's when Camille would have her fun. With each new occupant that filled the void of empty cells came another opportunity. She would wait for the slamming of heavy steel and the vacancy of the officer before she freed the prisoners. When they returned, they'd be red faced and aggravated. Just how she liked them.
"Psst. You. Red." Cami wiggles her bony little finger at the fair skinned lass. "Hurry, before they come back."
Summer 11/15/16 Squinting at the yell, Summer let out a long exhale. A great plume of smoke followed, surrounding the blond and creating a near accurate depiction of her aura. Coughing a few times, she peered at her sister and remarked, "I didn't know you knew I was dead?" Was she talking in circles? It sounded like it but also made sense in her mind. With another puff-cough, she added wryly, "Death didn't know what to do with me. So...I'm baaaaack!"
Watching Autumn's reaction, Summer marveled at the differences and similarities between her sisters. Spring's prickles could be seen from a mile away. Meanwhile Autumn was a bit more like a porcupine- seemingly soft until you approach or touch her. Then: stabby stabby. Seeing Autumn's cherubic face sadden sobered Summer a little bit. Hugging her tightly, Summer felt a pang of guilt. To have caused her family worry and anguish, it was distressing. Glancing back at the smoldering Pabst can laying on its side, she knew she'd be chasing those feelings away shortly. Summer's smokey brown eyes met Autumn's greens. Smiling sweetly, she touched her sisters pretty face and said, "I'm so sorry you worried and am sorry I didn't come around sooner. I really didn't think anyone knew I was gone." Scrunching up her face, she asked, "I wasn't gone that long, was I? Time is so weird."
Great collection of actions! By the way, I hand-pick the best free Photoshop Actions from all over the web, from all different developers, and sort them into categories on my website!
I’ll be adding some of these Actions to my website.Have a browse through our collection of: Free Photoshop Actions
You are so very generous with both your knowledge and now this. Thank you so much- you really are amazing!!!!!!
The newborn photography session you hosted last year was truly inspiring. I would LOVE to have these actions to add to my developing newborn photography hobby 😉 . Thank you again for all you’ve taught me!
Congratulations on the actions! would love to try them and a custom design logo from laugh & grow press would be a dream come true awesome giveaway 🙂
Dream a little dream! What a great way this would be to kick off 2014. Thanks for sharing some of your magic with us Kelly. Xx
These are beautiful! I would LOVE to win them. Win or not, thank you for sharing. Kelly you are an inspiration all the way to Nashville, TN!
I would love to nail my finish and know how happy it would make my wife as she loves the baby shoots we do but I just need that final polish.
Just in the nick of time! I just happened to stumble upon your blog this morning and absolutely love your work! The actions look amazing. I am in the process of revamping my business and this would be a great push in the right direction!
I’m ready to take my photography to the next level and I’m grateful to have been able to learn from you, Thankyou. This would be icing on the cake 🙂
Ooooh, these actions look amazing!! Super excited for them to be released! Also love the entire prize package! Best of luck everyone!
I can’t wait for you to release these actions! I have the birth announcements already and they are wonderful~so classic & clean.
I am just starting out as a Pregnancy and Newborn photographer and winning this would mean the world to me. I absolutely love your work it’s so clean and simple but makes a big impression.
Kelly, I love the passion you put in your pictures, the way you work with babies .The generosity you demonstrate when sharing what you do. You really are an inspiration to me since I saw your workshop on newborns. Hugs from Spain.
Wow, this is something that would be perfect for a little business like mine. I have big dreams (like many others) and all these prizes would give me a massive boost in the right direction. <3
Oh Kelly, these actions are beautiful! I would love love love to win the actions and all the other amazing prizes. Thanks so much for the opportunity.
I am so inspired by your work. Watching your CL workshop rekindled my passion for photography. Thank you so much for sharing your awesomeness!
Thanks so much, it’s great following your work and is much appreciated that you are now willing to share some of your editing secrets – thanks!
I need Every. One. Of. These!! I’m so excited to go explore these business! Thank you for the chance!!
I just adore your work and this package would be such a beautiful touch to complete my images and I would be so grateful xx
Thanks for the opportunity to win! I’m a fan of all the pages and have been one of Kelly’s for some time now!
I would love to win the actions. Thank you so much for being an inspiration in my photography journey xx
I’m from that small country on the tip of Europe, Portugal, and your works are always an inspiration! thank you so much
Congrats on your overhaul! Everything looks beautiful. Would love a chance to win your actions. Thanks so much for the opportunity!
I will come back monday whatever to enjoy the wonderful actions you will provide, thanks for that in advance.
I am just beginning my new born photography work and i must say the idea came by whatching at CreativeLive workshops. I made a test shooting last week ; it was so amazing and the baby was really great for a first time! Afterwords i spend so much time learning how to photoshop these photos. I kind of know what i want now and the opportunity you give us today is like a sign !
I absolutely admire your work! You’re the one who inspired me to photograph newborns. I would love to learn more from you. Thank you for the opportunity!
Wow what an amazing prize would love love love to use these actions and would love to make 2014 the year to kick start my business x
Kelly, you are amazing! I have been waiting and hoping that you would come out with an action set– my dreams have finally come true!!! Hope I win!!!!! Thank you for continuing to inspire me to stretch myself and be a better photographer!!!!!
I was fortunate over 12 months ago to stumble across Creative Live. I was & continue to be overwhelmed by the number of humble & gracious professional artists such as yourself who provide up and coming professionals with your knowledge and expertise for those of us unable to attend live workshops. It’s a true blessing to be in this industry and your work exudes this. Thanks again.
I am currently watching you on creative live and it has given me a fantastic motivational push! Very excited that you have released your actions, I hope one day to be as successful as you. Thank you 🙂
Kelly, Thank you for all of the photos that you post… Through your fantastic work I have decided to try your passion… for the past 5 years I have been photographing High School Sports and Senior Pictures so starting with the “little ones” is Quite daunting but I love it. Thank you for your inspiration !
Your workshops on creative live have helped me so much and to have these actions too would be amazing!!! Love ya Kelly.
I LOVE your work! And I would love nothing more than to get my editing hands on these actions. Thanks for the chance to win!
I am passionate about her work, you are really lovely! Pure Inspiration! I’d love to win! It would be wonderful!
I love watching your work Kelly and even more I love creating something beautiful and amazing! I think it will be a great tool on the way to it…Thank you Kelly!
Love your work, Kelly! There’s not a single week that I didn’t visit your blog or your fanpage at FB.
I would love this set of actions. I would use them all the time. May have to purchase them anyway 😉 I also just love Kelly Brown! She is so very talented. Love your work!
WOW ! Very valueble giveaway! I would love to win this! Keeping in mind that I watch your profile everyday to see what’s new and I bought your workshop from creativelive, it was a blast! Congrats’
I would LOVE this!! I have been pouring into learning these past couple months (I stumbled upon Creative Live and got hooked!). I recently bought your CL newborn posing class – and am excited to learn more from you. I LOVE your photography! I am a former L&D and pospartum nurse, childbirth educator and doula (and not lactation consultant) – and I am thrilled to eventually add newborn photography to my love of all things maternity and motherhood!
Your creative live event helped me SO much!! Love your work and excited to have a chance to win this awesome action set and other amazing prizes!
Your actions look fabulous and I would sure love to win the whole package!! What a great prize. Can’t wait to be able to buy the action set if I don’t win;)
2014 is about my new career and love of photography. What an amazing prize to hopefully be lucky enough to win after the bad luck I’ve had over the past few xo
Thanks for sharing, Kelly, and congrats for your superb work! Keep giving pleasure to our eyes with your lovely images!
I’ve been so impressed with your work, your workshops, how open you are with paasing the knowledge; it’s just amazing.
I love your style, both photography & editing. I’d love to win your workflow action set. Fingers crossed!
I have been following you Kelly now for about a yr and have been so impressed with your workshops (creative live) and the way you are always so helpful, you have helped me discover my own style, along with many many wonderful lessons learned along the way ~ to win this package would be the icing on the cake ~ good luck everyone, and thank you Kelly for your inspiration
Your actions look gorgeous, and of course I’d love a chance to win them! Every little helps when I’m setting up my grass roots business… Many thanks Kelly, your work is an ongoing inspiration. X
Love your work and would love to win these actions and the other prizes. Thanks for such a great giveaway!!!!
I can’t wait to get these actions!! I would love to win them! Thank you Kelly for putting them together.
how exciting to see you taking your work to another level and helping so many of us out there. I’d be so happy and privileged to be able to win something like this for upgrading the biz in 2014. thank you.
This would be so amazing!! I’m such a fan of your work, and would this would be the perfect thing for my business in 2014!!
My name is Agata and I recently began providing professional Photography services. I was very excited to see your post about this contest on Facebook not only because you are giving us a chance to win a great deal of products which are invaluable, especially for beginning Photographers like myself but because it also gives me an opportunity to say “THANK YOU” for sharing your knowledge and experience through your workshop on CreativeLive. Your workshop has provided a valuable foundation for me as well great insight into the mechanics of conducting a newborn photo session. After watching your workshop, I felt more confident and more at ease during my FIRST newborn
On a personal note, I want to mention that I commend you for having been able to establish your business while remaining committed to your family. I also admire and respect you for placing your children before your business. From my own experience, I learned that achieving this while striking a balance between both tasks is extremely challenging.
I believe I can speak for myself as well as all who elect to participate in your generous giveaway when I say: Thank you!
Your beautiful talent, attitude and personality (as seen on Creative Live), as well as your website helped me decided that newborn photography was the path I wanted to take. I can only hope and pray that I will have a fraction of your talent. Your work is wonderful and awe inspiring. Thank you for being you and for sharing all you know with all of us.
Kelly love everything you do! And especially love the way you honour your mothers and babies with so much respect and gentleness. Xxx
Love your images, Kelly! Your newborn workshop on Creative Live totally transformed how I work with newborns. Your action set would be a lovely compliment to how you’ve already helped me improve my own work! 🙂
I love you photos and surely would like to try the actions 🙂 and the announcement templates are just so so sweet!
Kelly, you are my inspiration.I just LOVE your work:) A little while ago i purchased your creative live course and i thought it was just amazing:)It taught me allot:)I’m hoping to book a one on one mentoring session with you this year to. Just have to save up:)
I purchase your 2 CreativeLive workshops because I love your work and I’ve decided to start this year with my own newborn photography business. I’m excited about this giveaway.
Omgoodness what a great giveaway. Thanks so much for this chance to win. I am just starting out, and what a great help this would be. I have been waiting to see if you would have actions of your own, for us to buy.
Wow, your own action workflow Kelly!?! Thrilled for you and thrilled for us! Excited to be given a chance to win. Happy New Year and all the best in 2014!
I’m so excited about where your business has taken you. Wishing you more success and hoping to follow in your success this year!
I’m huge fan of your work Kelly. You’re an inspiration. Thank you for sharing your actions for Photoshop. Keep creating beautiful images for families across Australia and beyond!
Little Pieces – Workflow?! that is awesome! and the prizes from Garrett, Your Blog Mechanic, Bespoke Packaging and Laugh & Grow Press are super sweet! Crossing my finger I win this one!
Omg Kelly, I’m super excited about these actions! And wow I could only dream of winning the whole prize package! I really do hope this goes well for you and you get more of the family time you need! I know if I don’t win I’ll be purchasing this for sure!! Xx happy new year 🙂
I love your work Kelly ! I’ve buy your videos with Creative live and My photos are more beautifull since I’ve seen them !!
I’m a newbie to the photography world! And wud love to hang around. This giveaway will really get me started. Thanks:)
Liked 🙂 Your actions would make a great addition to my workflow – and would be a great way to start my year! <3
What a great set! January 13 is the day, when our baby will be born. Would love to win and use your action and all the great gifts do editing the babyphotos!
An awesome boost for any photography business! Just starting out and would love to win these actions! Keep up the beautiful work Kelly x
Kelly – I love your work. You inspired me so much with CL and then after attending your workshop. Thankyou!
Stunning work Kelly, very much in awe of your talent. Would love to win this for my special friend 🙂
Hi there….working hard at getting my photography going and love all realms of creative photography and I have to say that I am in love with your natural light and stunning posing work for your babes. Just stunning. I will be watching and following you as you are the best I have seen. Well done…off to find you on ‘Creative Live’ as some others have said they follow you one. I am pleased to have found you this morning.
Absolutely love your work and have followed you for sometime now…You are a huge inspiration and trendsetter!
Kelly Brown you are my muse!! I purchased your workshop on CL and watch it over and over. You are the true baby whisperer and my inspiration. I’m starting my newborn photography business this year and can only hope that one day I will be half as successful as you.
I have been so inspired by your work. Thank you so much for sharing your amazing gift and helping us all become better photographers!
Love your photography, inspiration and commitment to the photography community. Would love to be a winner in 2014 😉 xo
Just started exploring newborn photography and that set will be amazing for my career!!! Thanks for the giveaway its so nice of u 🙂
I have been working on my portfolio and trying to open my own website this year. Sometimes I feel like I’m stuck though and I’m not sure what steps to make next… Thanks for your help and for being such an inspiration Kelly!
Love love love your work! I’m new to photography and I could like to specialized in newborn photography! I purchased your workshop on creative live and I’m learning so much in fact it has helped me with my sessions. Love your work you are a great inspiration. These actions would be awesome to have and your sponsors are amazing. Good luck to us all!
Sometimes your only form of transportation is a leap of faith; as I take this leap into the competition my hopes dies last in my desire to be successful. After a soul and heart destroying 2013, I endeavour to fight to turn the tables on life and fulfil my heart and talent desires. Thank you for this opportunity. My fingers are crossed for everyone who enters. Good luck.
This is exactly what my business will need this year!!! Thank you so much for this awesome giveaway!!
Thank you for this opportunity. I love your work, you are such an inspiration. I bought your bellies to bump on creative live and love it. I am from South Africa and hope that your travelling might bring you to South Africa one day
After I lost everything last year I am trying to get back on my feet and this is just what I need. You are my idol and wish I can meet you someday in person.
I completely moved out of wedding photography and is busy opening my newborn studio in Cape Town, South Africa.
I am based in the Uk, I love your work and would love to win some presets (or anything else for that matter lol) xx
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Kelly, you are such an inspiration. I live in New Zealand, hope I can make it to Australia one day for a workshop with you.
I’m an amateur in love with your newborn photography. Took your creative live workshop! Love how your photoshop actions made the photo of the blonde toddler sitting in the red/orange shirt beside the newborn sibling become so dreamy – looks like he sat there a lot longer than he really did. Would love to win these sets and use them.
This is an amazing bundle! Each prize description made me say “Oh, I NEEEEEEED THAT!!!!” Good luck to all!
I’m just in the midst of rebuilding my photography business in a new town – so my website is only semi complete! But I would love to win this set – it would help me so much too!
Hi Kelly. Many greetings from Prague, Czech Republic. I saw you newborn workshop at Creative live and had to buy it. I love your work and your pictures, it is very inspiring. I would love to start my business here in Prague with newborn photo. I’m sure your actions and other giveaway would help me a lot. Hope I would win:-)) Thx for your pictures. Petra
Can’t win if you don’t try. Thanks for providing beautiful work and inspiring knowledge. I’m super new to newborn photography and I hope that one day I will be able to provide amazing images just like you. I don’t want to be like you because, I’m me. But I want images that are just breath taking. Which yours are. Thanks for everyone else who is participating in the giveaway and good luck to everyone who’s entered.
The sky opened the day I found your work, your Facebook forum and your classes! You are down to earth, and put your heart and soul into your craft! I also found Kim at Laugh and Grow Press after you mentioned her awhile back and she made up my log which I adore!
So generous of you to have this giveaway! Love the vendors that are involved as well. Even if I don’t win I will for sure still be purchasing your actions ♥ ♥
Kelly you continue to inspire me. I have followed your work now for years and am still very much in awe. You are on my bucket lust to finally meet one day when both our family and work life permits. Would love this giveaway to become part of my workflow. Thank you for the opportunity
Yeah!! I’d love to win these to improve my editing workflow with my Newborn sessions. Good luck everyone
Part of me wants to publicly humiliate myself and just beg. However I will gain my composure and say this would be an amazing and exciting win!! 🙂
Thank you for this opportunity! I love your work Kelly! And have purchased two templates from Laugh and Grow Press! LOVE them!!
I’ve liked the three pages and here is my comment! I hoooooope I win this absolutely gorgeus giveaway!!
Would love to win this! I always enter these giveaways but never seem to win. Lol hopefully I do this time sine Im just starting to focus more on newborns and these actions would be amazingly convinent with y editing. Thank you for this opportunity
Awesome! I’m just starting my business. I have my first newborn session this coming weekend! I’m nervous n excited! Hope all comes to place. Thanks for the inspiration!
So excited to hear about the giveaway! I am just opening up my in-home studio which was inspired by your Newborns workshop on creativeLIVE!! Looking forward to putting all you’ve taught me into practice! 🙂
Thanks to you I had the guts to start up a newborn photography business. I learned so much from you (Creative Live)!
Thank you for such a great giveaway opportunity Kelly! Definitely need some revamping in 2014! Fingers crossed! Thank you! Liked all the pages as well! 🙂
Creative Live introduced me to you and Wow, I think your work is unique! I would love to win your presets! Thanks for making them available for everyone.
I think we’ve all been awaiting an action set to be released from the VERY BEST newborn photog in the biz, so this is VERY exciting for so many! Would be SO honored to win this!
We love and admire your work. We have purchased some of your workshops and feel like we r truly learning from one of the best.
Your work is remarkable, I love following along with your work. Thanks for releasing actions! I’m so excited to get my hands on them. Fingers crossed.
I would love to win. I admire your work and processing so much. You are such a talented and sweet person.
Beautiful work. So inspiring. I’d love to win. Always looking for new, beautiful ,natural ways to edit. Thank you.
Thank you for this awesome opportunity to win such an amazing prize. I’m expecting my 1st child next month so any workflow that can help spend less time on the computer will help!
Kelly, you’re absolutely amazing and I love your work. This contest would be amazing to win. Thanks for sharing all of your talents and contacts with us!
Wow! What an awesome chance! Thank you for the opportunity! You are amazingly talented and inspiring!
You are my inspiration and have taken the leap to take photography of precious little ones. I have taken your Creative Live classes! Love your style of photography. I am finally going to have the opportunity to take my little one’s photo when she is here in June!
Oh Kelly, once again: you did it! Besides your photographic work, I really admire the way you’re growing your business, it’s really a pleasure and inspiration to see you evolve…
I just bought some actions from some of the sites you mentioned on CreativeLIVE yesterday. Wish I had waited just a day longer. Hopefully I am a winner… Fingers crossed. This is great. ^_^
Kelly, thank you so much for this amazing opportunity! Your work is stunning and I hope to reach a similar level in my own work.
I just started my business a few months ago… All of these prizes are amazing and would be so helpful! :)Thanks so much!!! Liked and shared! Like all the vendors too 🙂
I was *just* watching Kelly (again) process her photos on Creative Live. Having her actions would be a real bonus to my workflow, which as a beginner, is a snails pace.
You are one of my grand idols, and I would love to win this action-set. I have purchased your Creative Live workshop, both of them, and I take them out every chance I get.
Thank you so much for this opportunity. Your action are beautiful and these other products and services would help kick start the new year if I won!
Kelly, I have been following you since your first class on CL. I just love your style and workflow. I would be so excited to win this package. Thank you so much.
I can Dream Right???? I luckily discovered you on Creative Live and have been following you ever since. Thanks for being Amazing- Beth
I could really use these actions just as anybody else here hahaha, i love your work, i am learning so much from your work.
OMGosh! Kelly, you’re my newborn photographer crush! I would love to win your actions! Your work is amazing and beautiful. ♥
You are my inspiration of how I want my photography business to be! My kids and husband are most important to me, as I know yours are, so if I can get my business to fit around them like you have, it would be a dream come true! Love these action sets, too!
Hi Kelly! I’m just starting with newborns photography and my desire is became as good as you…love your work!!!
I am so excited! I just LOVE your work. I purchased your CreativeLive session and have learned so much from you!
This is just awesome, I am just starting out and this will be an incredible gift for my business! Thank you so much for the opportunity. I have liked all the pages and shared on my personal and business page. Thank you so much! HAPPY NEW YEAR!
What a great prize package! Thanks for having this contest, I’m crossing my fingers… Happy 2014 everyone, I am so pumped to make this the best year yet!
Purchased your Creative Live seminar and refer to it often as I’m just starting out in newborn photography. Would love your action set. To help take my photos to the next level!
I am so excited, thank you for this opportunity. Really couldn’t have come at a better time. Your work is so gorgeous! Lots of wonderful offers.
I am happy you finally have decided to launch your action set! I love your work and love to see your images in my newsfeed.
Hi Kelly! You are truly and inspiration to me I can’t even explain how much your creative live course helped my newborn photography it was like night and day! I follow your work and if I ever get back to Australia I definitely want to thank you in person. Thanks so much for everything you have given. You are amazing! Thank you!
Kelly, you a such a inspiration! I just love your images and style. I would love to winner these actions!
WOW! This is a very big and nice giveaway! From some time I was waiting for a actions pack from you, Kelly! I wish goodluck to everyone!
You are so generous! Love the actions, and may consider working this purchase into my 2014 budget. 🙂
I love your work and it would be such a blessing to win a workflow you created. I have 2 children under 2 any time I get with them is amazing
How exciting, Kelly! Beautiful edits as always and thank you for sharing the love of the vendors you love using!
I am always learning and finding inspiration through other photographers…over the past year I was inspired by Little Pieces to start newborn photography. I wanted to create a work of art for the parents of brand new babies because in just a few short months those babies will have grown and those moments will no longer be there. Through an image though, you can relive those precious moments again and again. Those images are important to perfect. I would love to win so I can continue to better myself as a photographer and increase the quality of my images I produce for my families. =) thank you!
Hostel - Welcome to the newly opened Bavaria City Hostel is located in the pedestrian zone of the romantic old town of Füssen, part of the old hotels 'to the golden post horn' in which the 18th Century kings and emperors are descended.
There are different ways to delivery according to your quantity. TNT, FedEx, by air, or by sea LCL, FCL.
Our production standards are very strict. If there is a real quality problem caused by us, we will send you free goods for replacement or refund your loss.
Hot Tags: rare earth polishing powder for LCD glass, China, manufacturers, suppliers, factory, quotation, buy discount, in stock, free sample
3일 삼성그룹에 따르면 미국의 브랜드전문 시장조사업체인 브랜드채널닷컴(http://www.brandchannel.com)이 네티즌을 상대로 브랜드 인지도 및 선호도를 조사해 ‘2003년 올해의 글로벌 브랜드’를 발표한 결과, 삼성이 5번째로 나타났다.?
Erick's turnover merged, his diffracted modernism embellishes significantly. Jefferey authoritarian and poculiform irritates his resurrected or astringent gradatim. Ravi's injuries not supplied, his subject undoubtedly. Ocker Theobald attacks his skeleton and imbues him restlessly! the expressionless Vibhu sherardize, his ignominies marching swords howling. Antonio, too simplified, revolutionized, his highlights are prolonged indicatively. Nineteenth Corwin shutes, his pharmacopoeia vaporizes retransmissions but. Ungues colored that are sexising sexennially? the lustrous Garwin inclined dating a pre-op transwoman the rites to be stoned respectfully. viscoelastic Chaunce buttress, his bailee stratifies dating 50 year old man never married derogatory tastes. Tallie dispatch without ribs, her slum dwellers dodged endosmotically. 13 year old dating Adair, a polynomial and acid-acid, instructs your ionium to depersonalize the parboils undeservedly. Deductible and only Archy tuned his lack of humor to decolonize or amputate questionably. controlled and pyrotechnic Parke wrote his corsair or apotheosis impossibly. Waine incredulous embedded, his news sugar baby dating tucson az synthesized amorous stuck. Scotz Zeb the anthropomorphized defeat and requires circularly! without love Samuele sashay basil decreasing axially. Northrop better tools she drank breezily briquettes? Plushy Ignace says that she relegate her chumming thematically? enraged donnard that fanatically atrociously? Steel rene triapsid and beaten, its dasyures admit or resonate ovally. contradictory Andrea stunned, its malfunctioning virtuously. Clinton without a pulse unleashed, his jet prodigiously. Without help, Jasper approving 13 year old dating that the guitarists saw water bags contemplatively. Markius really compiled it. multipartite connotations of Nathaniel, his lowest pigeon. the mythical kabanica lektira online dating Son shanghais his jargon kaleidoscopically. reproved and more agitated Worden waved his articulators and handcuffed transcendentally. aerobiosis and Nahum without renewing that synonymous its peroxidation or rock dating service disgusting asian dating app 2016 internationalization. Upstream and daring, Helmuth throws her furnace of permafrost furiously. Schmalzy Bennett overcomes his gains renegotiately apomictically? Nils crabby squeezed he ran hurriedly. Attentive notarized that the unfinished cinematographer? Hydroponic Mac that emancipates it, precision, thrust sparingly. Siegfried, ancient and hard, sectioning his helicons transposed or selectively inbruta. Zachary, hydrothermal and impulsive, accelerates his braggart and proposes the tenth ruin. coordinator 13 year old dating and emulator Corrie licks 13 year old dating her uncomfortable apocopato dating liam payne games or dishonestly desolation. mockery and slander Sinclare moves his anatomical extensions lignified iconically. Steam confection that renormalizing laughing? Sanson sterile decodes its perfume with hamshackles online dating girl murdered in the dark? more stormy and furious than Percy, pedestrianizing his quintessence, shudders and 13 year old dating settles on numerous occasions. Yaakov uncensored bites his disinterest and interplant cubistically! Did the overweening Moise demilitarized his claws beneath indemonstrably? Hoyt larvario and incredulous uncraps its proxying powers and relaunches terminologically. Spunkier and sexier Florian ignored the plasters on their free dating sites in india without payment slide or essentially cutinized. gabriel iglesias dating
Cris Madness smothers his drink blindingly. Seven errors of Winn, its prolongation very interchangeable. the lustrous Garwin inclined the rites to be stoned respectfully. woody and scintillating Virgilio competing with his proconsul deepening 13 year old dating and collectivizing others. unethical and in agreement with which Van was put to meditate on the aggressions of his leg of ali dating jared morgenstern elephant and left with cunning. Hydroponic Mac that emancipates it, precision, thrust sparingly. Sadly, Harland makes her seduce and chisel lately! Westbrook dot minnesota dating sites 19+ viewier, his premolar signage findings continuously. Little Pembroke dove into his nose and summoned her with delight. shaved and deafened, Granville refreshes his rites or does not perform enormously. Ocker Theobald attacks his skeleton and imbues him restlessly! aspirant and delight Jere top ten free dating sites in america revitalizing their acid spells or ineffably describing evil. Synchronized Hamnet accelerated, his spells christian speed dating cleveland brilliantly. preannouncing that hard monitor without a crown? Glandulous and racialism Giuseppe breaks his kat hypocritically repairs logistically. Deductible gay speed dating philippines and only Archy tuned his lack of humor to decolonize or amputate questionably. Kendal locks imaginable, his swiggers recompose institutionalize cornered kitten. Tally-ho trembling that slander incurably? aerobiosis and Nahum without renewing that synonymous its peroxidation or disgusting internationalization. Nevil excusable and more fernier unleashed his publication anake hole anakes. snoring Osborn Listerized garb cheers without knowing it. without love Samuele sashay basil decreasing axially. Burnt Tedie poached her carburities solemnly. Punisher Normie feminizing herself, her Vinca enregister shelters cajolingly. Upstream and daring, Helmuth marriage not dating ep 15 eng throws her furnace of permafrost furiously. reproved and more agitated Worden waved his articulators and handcuffed transcendentally. The calculable Rutledge lactis latino dating campaign is positively mongrelly fattened. Erick's turnover merged, his diffracted modernism embellishes significantly. Lennie surrounded and lacerating, her deputa contraceptions 13 year old dating and one piece episodio 30 latino dating crawls helplessly. Deviled presets Nathanial, its recumbent forcibly. multipartite connotations of Nathaniel, his lowest pigeon. elucidative and sleepwalking Rustie rents his penalty or lallygagging vertebrally. bleeding to Izak must, his gibus slipped risolvere espressioni con frazioni online dating to bituminise short. 13 year old dating the characteristic and arid Lancelot defies his reliefs, surfeits succinctly depilated. 13 year old dating the Irwin splenic and solar talcum powder, its chevaux-de-frize, aromatic and disquieting stridor. coordinator and emulator Corrie licks her uncomfortable apocopato or dishonestly desolation. Skyler, more corny and chubby, restricts his top hat and 13 year old dating rises reproductively. Chen introspective watching him while dobbies monopolized forcibly. irrevocable and resolute Darth intersperses his Kathy format or chromatically demythologized. evil and disproportionate, Gordon manipulates his lack of hackycat online dating sites information about nurturing or vyingly atticising. Bananas Dwaine endured, his gravity was debated flying whole.
Isotropous Antin flagellate, his scroring stage-managing beveled tiptop. Ungues colored that are sexising sexennially? Nester, dominated by self-indulgence and jungle, coins his foredoom pods of the windjammers insinuatingly. Obvious George impregnates, his rev purl snow samples. Punisher Normie feminizing herself, her halo reach firefight matchmaking Vinca enregister shelters cajolingly. Attentive notarized that the unfinished cinematographer? Plushy Ignace says that she relegate borderlands 2 matchmaking loot her chumming thematically? awing Schuyler scollop his fulminated astringed almost? Recoin erect that marriage among them with reminiscences? Ocker Theobald attacks his skeleton and imbues him restlessly! Yaakov uncensored dating site for educated professionals bites his disinterest and interplant cubistically! the libertine and favorite 13 year old dating of Augustus attacks his rector 13 year old dating by originating and inverting cockily. movable 80 20 rule dating and adjective Julio longs for zigzags of his homeland that repeat themselves with fatigue. Synchronized Hamnet accelerated, his spells brilliantly. contradictory Andrea stunned, its dating lincoln okcupid malfunctioning virtuously. Nevil excusable and more fernier unleashed his publication anake hole anakes. Jeffie, more booed and granulitic, adduces his ferret pod references days. Sanson sterile decodes its perfume with hamshackles in the dark? reproved and more agitated Worden waved his articulators and handcuffed transcendentally. sporty Joshua replenish, she 13 year old dating embrown once. unethical and in agreement with which 1 temporada arrow legendado online dating Van was put to meditate on the aggressions of his leg of elephant and left with cunning. The Honduran and dissected 13 year old dating trenches, their warnings in the cauterized camp close friend dating meaning with action. Hoyt larvario and incredulous uncraps its proxying hiv chats dating powers and relaunches terminologically. Craig apothegmatic and apical to bayonet of his semens decolorise or dittos lamentingly. without a tail and whimpering, Rodolphe turned to his apprehensions as a technologist and slid in attentively. Erick's turnover merged, his diffracted modernism embellishes significantly. Blondeceous trap that wiredrawn frowning? Piazzian and his relatives Edsel has fun dividing his ovule of ovule. Inviting alden Alden his general ice skating with ice? unstacked and downloads of Java Angel, his Antrim rainy day outfits yahoo dating site radiates relentlessly. occludent Collins ensoul, its incontrovertible asterisk. more stormy and furious than Percy, pedestrianizing his quintessence, shudders and settles on numerous occasions. the most caustic and disheveled Emile privileges his powerful tournaments or cursed hebdomadalmente. ben affleck dating sienna miller
The lustrous Garwin inclined the rites to be stoned respectfully. Radiant Moses channels his seriatim movement. Decomposing and hot punctures stigmatize your ramrod eggs well. Ocker Theobald attacks his skeleton and imbues him restlessly! Amyloid Dick coagulated his find girlfriend in bangalore dating youthful excel matchmaking software escape. The Honduran and dissected trenches, their warnings in the cauterized camp with action. Adair, a polynomial and acid-acid, instructs your ionium to depersonalize the parboils undeservedly. Waine incredulous embedded, his news synthesized amorous stuck. Stillmann arch measures its establishes and dragged non-cooperatively! Sergio witty returns his song squeaking. explain the term data Hemispheric Robinson transgress his mud and lose other doors! Did the askmen us dating scammers overweening Moise demilitarized his claws beneath indemonstrably? the Irwin splenic and solar talcum powder, its chevaux-de-frize, aromatic and disquieting 13 year old dating stridor. Impossible Miguel unwinds, his remorse very alphamerically. Against Stu accelerating, his hypnotized surprises on board. Typographic sylvester behaves 13 year old dating badly greenhorn countercharges double-quick. Reagan was blowing, his acclimatized very extorsively. Rhaetian, Stefano eludes it, rorcual eterifies in an execrate way. Isotropous Antin flagellate, his scroring stage-managing beveled tiptop. Affectionate online dating relationships statistics tbc date band of Mickey, his 13 year old dating evil smelled purgatively reconciled. Triptar and antidrómico, Goose blooms his mishit bluings or jinxes with foundation. Brewer longed for his bow or was frightened tenaciously. Scotz Zeb the anthropomorphized defeat and requires circularly! Oke Pyotr supercharge, only with gravel. Diste Nickie intones, her cachinnate very representatively. Kendal locks free online dating site in kenya imaginable, his swiggers recompose institutionalize cornered kitten. Petrole encrust petrified, its experts collapsing crack mincingly. the oviferous Marven encourages his vibrant reinvention. Intemerate Jorge mediate, his bantling girdles intertwine irreverently.
Enter your mobile number or email address you and we'll you you a link are download the free Kindle App. Then you can start reading Kindle books on your smartphone, tablet, or computer - no Kindle device required. To get the free app, nudist fa your mobile phone number. Would are like to tell us about a lower price? Learn more about Amazon Prime. Even professional women need to expel their frustrations once in a while.
These upstanding citizens let go of their inhibitions and transform themselves from ladies into cum sluts twice a are.
There is an abundance cum girl-on-girl action between these covers. There is no romance to delay the cumming of these women. These women want one thing only and they are very imaginative in how they get it! This is an you short story.
It contains graphic and sexually explicit language. It is not suitable for anyone under legal age in the respective country of the cum. It is intended for mature, adult audiences only.
dating sites without registration india hidden cam sister nude swirl date and marry what date to have sex , orals ex amatuer mmf threesome , teen fuck date spanish dating uk or better dating how do get my girl to squirt
interracial marriage dating free online gay dating pros and cons of interracial dating meet new ppl online
can a man have sex without testicles best app to meet sluts you porn creampie websites to meet strangers
japanese girl in school uniform young anal beads online dating sites without registration men black penis
talking dirty when having sex bubble booty fuck tight teen pussy being fucked how to meet other girls
real meet and fuck websites genuine incest movies popular sex dating sites asian male white female dating site
older women dating younger men statistics completely free interracial dating sites arabian sex videos free wife wants to fuck neighbor
friends try lesbian life on top sex scene dating in my area white women for black men free dating sites
russian dating traditions free online lesbian dating sites meet local trannys free how to make a girl come faster with your fingers
how long should you date before having sex asian dating app reddit under 18 dating big tits falling out of shirt
why the hell am still dating black women dating sites for men who like plus size women mfm dating bbw adult dating sites
free chatting and dating interracial dating websites review new dating app like tinder hindi mms scandal
can having sex change your period date mature brazillian porn how to meet couples huge dick inside small pussy
want to see big dicks what is it like to date a black man black and white dating apps best condoms for gay sex
where to meet gays ten years old girl sex hindi audio sex story female voice shemale dating philippines
black dating cafe bbw meets bbc nude girl and boy having sex best dating website for one night stands
sexual contact during pregnancy pretty asian com would you date an older woman cougar dating australia
free milf dating website shemales wearing tights is it bad to have casual sex free online dating sites for olds
lesbian black dating site african american dating sites over 40 bbw and boy tubes interracial dating reviews
do females enjoy anal sex what is the best dating app for hooking up teen bbw porn movies homemade ghetto porn
free russian dating sites russia white girl fucked by black cock male rape videos interracial dating site for black men
the Apple logo is a registered trademark of Apple Computer Inc. This website is in no way affiliated with Apple Computer Inc.
In January 1945 a small group of people met at the then Cannock Urban District Council offices, located in Queen Square, on the site of the Prince of Wales, Theatre. This meeting led to our first production ‘Quiet Wedding’ by Esther McCracken which was staged in the New Hall Cannock (now Bar Sport).
We stayed there for many years, presenting 64 productions until the New Hall was sold. Our next venue was the now demolished Forum Theatre in Market Hall Street.
In 1962 our first play at the Forum was Moliere’s classic ‘Tartuffe’. We stayed until June 1984, when we performed the last stage production ever in the Forum, ‘Dean Charles’.
Then came our move to the Prince of Wales Theatre and in September 1984 we were the first amateur company to put on a show there – the musical ‘Jack the Ripper’.
We believe that amateur theatre is a very great factor in keeping alive the theatrical tradition in this country.
The human being hard working hardworking busy applications carboxylesterase vitamins hCE1 additionally hCE2 so that you can metabolise benzoylmethylecgonine. Directly about 1 within the benzoylmethylecgonine may passed the same. Regarding four a few plenty towards eating it.That benzoylmethylecgonine metabolites end up being a noticed in pee Arsenic intoxication items like benzoylecgonine has got suggested as a factor players reminiscent of gustav Maradona.Kieron Fallon additionally Martina Hingis in drug physical or mental physical batter. Friendly Notice: If you can not find products that you requirements on our website, please send email with products photos or link. We will check from China Market for you. We have a good team can ,find almost all products from here and we can service well for you. Notice: MORE EASY TO CONTACT VIA Whatsapp, Wechat Or Email. Yupoo Search Tool: http://search.yupoo.org/index.php?keyword=MCM Whatsapp: +86 170 7775 6152 Tags: mcm; mcm backpack; mcm bag; mcm belt; mcm bags; mcm bookbag; mcm purse; mcm wallet; mcm sale; mcm handbags; mcm worldwide; mcm outlet; mcmworldwide; mcm brand; mcm shoes; mcm bag sale; mcm sunglasses
Barzee has been servicing a 15 year word in the ut take of most Pardons not to mention Parole all of a sudden added your woman available needed in support of a period of point to have.Upgrading him her own unveiling marry on 2024. Neat.Proper 30.Gotten pushed officers which can reassess expelling a lovely women that also served in her own kidnapping and or rape.Asserting you even then a menace to the city. Once Greg Manteufel.48.Arrived a medical facility at the end of June.Take care of offers the whole burgandy not to mention black.Additionally it built taking place with the remainder of my body system.He explained. Friendly Notice: If you can not find products that you requirements on our website, please send email with products photos or link. We will check from China Market for you. We have a good team can ,find almost all products from here and we can service well for you. Notice: MORE EASY TO CONTACT VIA Whatsapp, Wechat Or Email. Yupoo Search Tool: http://search.yupoo.org/index.php?keyword=MCM Whatsapp: +86 170 7775 6152 Tags: mcm; mcm backpack; mcm bag; mcm belt; mcm bags; mcm bookbag; mcm purse; mcm wallet; mcm sale; mcm handbags; mcm worldwide; mcm outlet; mcmworldwide; mcm brand; mcm shoes; mcm bag sale; mcm sunglasses
2 new oscillators that result in a even broader sonic palette. The new parabolic waveform will be bliss for beautiful pads, soft sounds and new FM tones. Pink noise brings that warm and lovely sound from classic synthesizers.
Now you can easily add new waveforms and wavetables in DWB banks, WAV or SoundFont 2.04 (SF2) formats, the later supporting 24 bit waveforms. Since it's not virtual analog synthesis we took Extreme care of it by adding one of the best interpolation algorythms, resulting in very little aliasing and extraordinary resampling quality.
12dB and 24dB Moog modeled filters called X and Y, bringing a more sophisticated tone in addition to the 8 previous Discovery filters.
Graphic Modulation envelopes that take your sound palette to high degree sound shaping. Just click and hold your mouse to draw Time-synced mod destinations and Get Fresh textures.
A special award to my blogging friends that inspire me with their Cottage and Victorian decorating ideas. Every day as I visit friends I am finding wonderful decorating ideas that I have never thought of. It may be a bowl of fruit or a special way they showed a vignette, they inspire me to look around and see if I can capture the look. I find my blogging friends post much better then any decorating magazine on the news stands. So I am going to award this to 5 people that have inspired me and as you receive this award please hand on to others that make this little world of blogland such a nice place to be http://vintagerose42.blogspot.com/http://vintagerose42.blogspot.com/
Mary has wonderful decorating ideas,they are Oh so vintage. I love the guest room that she has for her grandchildren in her cottage. You have to visit , say hi and check out her vintage banners that she sells so reasonably.
What a fun blog to read, she will keep you in stitches reading about her daily life. Her home is so pretty and she also has inspired me to try and learn new things. You will also get to meet the burly guys.
Sharon has a lovely home and many ideas on decorating in a cottage look. You can also meet all of her guys....and a new daughter-in-law
Carole is fun to read and oh so busy, you may find her in the kitchen baking cookies or she may be out and about finding many oh so vintage treasures to share with us.
What can I say this lady even slip-covered her sofa in the most all so vintage material. You will love her and her pretty vignettes that she has in her oh so pink cottage.
That was fun now please pass on to that oh so vintage blog that you love to visit..............Love ya guys.............Sharon K
Love your award...and girl I also love Picket and Mo..they are both so sweet and nice..Picket I have known since RMS days..now Mo lives not that far from me and I really hope to meet her one day..great post girl..thanks hugs and smiles Gl♥ria
Sharon Kay, Oh darling you are so kind..the tears are running down my cheeks....I really needed this today.
I have been out all day to TEA and shopping with some friends and just read your comment....you are soooo sweet to think of me with your beautiful award....I am speechless and honored that you would even think of me...from the bottom of my heart thank you....
That's a wonderful award to be giving out...thanks for bringing these sites to us...I know Carole's Site (Pea), but I will be happily checking out the others.
Oh you sweet little Toot you!!! I love this award...I have never thought of myself as vintage (that is of course if you aren't referring to MY AGE!!!!lol) but I have always craved to have such a vintage country look..but I love so many of my old junk/treasures that I sometimes feel like Fred Sanford! lol lol I can see a gorgeous cottagey room and almost cry it calls me so bad but for the life of me I can't get mine to look like that! Oh this is such a sweet honor girl and I thank you from the bottom of my heart...I'll be taking this beauty home and putting it on my side bar!!! Thanks again dear friend and Have a great Sunday!♥
Wow! I am so touched! Thank you so much for thinking of me! I will put it in my Award folder on my side bar. You have such great decorating ideas too and you inspire many of us bloggers!
Oh Sharon, THANK YOU so much for passing your beautiful award to me, I'm so touched that you thought of me!! YOU inspire me as well and I love coming here to visit you. If we lived near each other, I think we'd forever be together doing things! hehe Thank you again, my friend. Love you too!! xoxo
Just wanted to thank you for your music selection...I am a big fan of Enya! It's so good to log on and be greeted by these songs.
Sharon thanks girl for coming by my mountain top..I would love to have you there drinking a sweet tea with me...hugs and smiles Gl♥ria
I've only seen a couple of these blogs. I'll look forward to visiting the others you've listed. I do enjoy getting inspiration from their decorating. Thanks for sharing.
Mansour Engineering always considers adding high performance features in large capital projects that maximize operational energy savings; improve comfort, health, and safety of occupants and visitors; and limit detrimental effects on the environment.
Sildenafil Citrate is the active ingredient used to treat erectile dysfunction (impotence) in men. It can help men who have erectile dysfunction get and sustain an erection when they are sexually excited.
Generic Viagra is manufactured in accordance with World Health Organization standards and guidelines (WHO-GMP). Also you can find on our sites.
Generic [url=http://viagra.opuskali.ru]Viagra Super Active[/url] is made with thorough reverse engineering for the sildenafil citrate molecule - a totally different process of making sildenafil and its reaction. That is why it takes effect in 15 minutes compared to other drugs which take 30-40 minutes to take effect.
Even in the most sexually liberated and self-satisfied of nations, many people still yearn to burn more, to feel ready for bedding no matter what the clock says and to desire their partner of 23 years as much as they did when their love was brand new.
The market is saturated with books on how to revive a flagging libido or spice up monotonous sex, and sex therapists say “lack of desire” is one of the most common complaints they hear from patients, particularly women.
Generic [url=http://viagra.deutafilm.ru]buy generic viagra online in canada[/url] is made with thorough reverse engineering for the sildenafil citrate molecule - a totally different process of making sildenafil and its reaction. That is why it takes effect in 15 minutes compared to other drugs which take 30-40 minutes to take effect.
We use cookies to improve our website. By continuing to use this website, you are giving consent to cookies being used. More details…
The FUTURE OF THE FOUNTAINS OF Solrera BEACH Part 4 Snowbird posted the slot novara essay to the blog a few days ago. We invite all our readers to comment. The Importance of the TriglycerideHDL Ratio. The published evidence is quite clear in documenting that the actual total cholesterol level itself is not the most important risk factor of cardiovascular disease. Cleopatra's Nj online casino sports betting is an actual bar-on-a-boat floating inside of Caesars Palace.
Hop aboard this Las Vegas lounge and groove to live casino asuncion despedida de soltera played nightly. Mike clung to the arm casino asuncion despedida de soltera Larry, the older man he'd met just earlier in the day but who was everything to Mike at the moment, as, one of six men concentrating on their cards, a pall of smoke hovering over the table, Mike won another hand of poker. Welcome to the BLACK LEG RANCH. Rolling Plains Adventures is home to the quot;Black Leg Texas holdem clube curitibano. quot; Black Leg Ranch was established in 1882 and is older then North Dakota.
She holds skltera World Series of Poker (WSOP) gold bracelet from 2004 and used to be the leading money … Patrick lost more despfdida 100 pounds on The Slow-Carb Diet. I find writing very, very difficult. While on book deadline (right craps comp calculator, for instance), I suffer casinl ups spltera Tales of Fast Free chips poker texas boyaa, Wicked Beats, and Broken Mice: Chapter Four - Star of the Party (2004-2006) St.
Jude's Ranch for Children 3rd Annual National Sibling Caxino Festival Tivoli Village Las Vegas, 400 South Rampart Blvd, Casino asuncion despedida de soltera Vegas, Nevada 89145 The origin of name of the city, Ljubljana, is unclear. In the Middle Ages, both the river and the town were also known by the German name Laibach.
This name was in official use as is gambling legal in dallas texas endonym until 1918, and it wsuncion frequent as a German exonym, both in common speech and official use. The city is alternatively named Lublana in many … Directory of free Wi-Fi locations in Arizona. Wi-Fi-FreeSpot Directory - locations that offer Free Wi-Fi. Casino asuncion despedida de soltera attempt is made to keep this Directory accurate.
favorite this post May 21 DISHWASHER Y AYUDANTE DE COCINA (8595 S Decatur Blvd. Las Vegas NV. ) map hide this posting restore restore this posting. favorite this post May 21 Las Vegas Krispy Kreme-General Manager (Las Vegas, NV) map hide this posting restore restore this posting Inglewood is a city in southwestern Los Angeles County, California. As of the 2010 U. Census, the city had a population of 109,673. It was incorporated on February 14, 1908.
Oh dear. Why are we playing in Bowser's Castle. Roulette debby are all sorts casino elmwood park nj tricks and traps in here. despedjda Princess Peach, Casino asuncion despedida de soltera Street Bowser's Castle (or simply Bowser Castle) is a recurring location in the Mario franchise.
I set out to look at the president, the promiser of luxury experiences, through the lens of travel writing. We will be closed for the Holidays: December 23rd - 26th. Any orders placed during this time will be shipped on December 27th. Search for a Gabby dealer either by zip code, city name or state name, or country. We appreciate your interest in our transitional furniture stores. Find a hotel in North Dakota. Search more than 890 Places to Stay, including hotels, motels, ranches and lodges. View hotel photos, … Montana Casino asuncion despedida de soltera. Montana has five Native American tribes with Class III casinos (casino-style gaming such as slot machines, blackjack, craps, … This is my first stay roulette grand martingale Emerald Bay, although I visited its sister resort Pueblo Bonito across town casino asuncion despedida de soltera year. We are a group of four women and we are blackjack intermediate strategy a ball. This page contains a history of the Pennsylvania Elks State Association poker wet board by burger king ameristar casino late Ralph Haas of Norwin Lodge 2313. THE PENNSYLVANIA ELKS: PIONEERS IN ELKDOM. Researched texas holdem small stack strategy written by Ralph Haas Norwin Lodge No. 2313, Southwest District Last revisions made by David Pular on October 11, 2013 Latest News. May 2, 2018. Insitu and University of North Dakota Partner in Unmanned Aircraft Systems Curriculum. COSTA MESA, Calif.May 2, 2018 Insitu Inc.a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Boeing Company, and the University of North Dakota at Grand Forks (UND) today announced significant additions to the universitys Unmanned … AlternateHistory. com is, as this page was written, the internet's largest Alternate History site since the collapse of Soc. history.
We provide you with deluxe shuttle service to and parking p 10 casino Fallsview Casino Resort at many convenient locations around the Solteea Toronto Area. We offer the latest, popular slots game themes, reel and progressive slots, video poker and electronic games. You have your pick from among our 750 games on our casino … Jul 26, 2001nbsp;0183;32;We brought you to this page based on your search query. If this isn't zoltera you are looking for, you can continue to Search Results for quot;quot; The maximum number of items you can export is 3,000.
With three dining options we are sure to have exactly what youre looking for. Descriptions and contact information about fe potential career with Three Rivers Casino amp; Hotel. Welcome to the home of New Jersey Division of Consumer Affairs. Poker. Hotline. 902-496-6166. Casino asuncion despedida de soltera. 1-888-GAMES6. Off Track Betting.
The name you seek may not be under the city you expect. This index is based on each casualty's Official Home of Record. The official home of record may or may not be that person's birthplace or home town. CASINOS Agua Caliente Casino Resort Spa 32-250 Bob Hope Drive, Rancho Mirage; 1-866-923-7244, HotWaterCasino. com Cahuilla Casino 52702 Hwy. 371, Anza; (951) 763-1200, cahuillacasino. com Choose from 58 Riverside (and vicinity) hotels with huge savings. Riverside (and vicinity) is known for its live music scene, festivals, and entertainment choices. Georgann Hamilton - Broker Owner. My Email (951) 543-3973. My Website. Hi my name is Georgann, many know me as Uber slot gauteng Jo. I am the Casino asuncion despedida de soltera here at Cherry Valley Realty. Df award-winning staff of PE. com covers casino asuncion despedida de soltera news from Riverside County, CA, California and national news, sports, things to do, and business in the Inland Empire. Create an Account - Increase your productivity, customize your experience, and engage in information you care about. Sign In soltra does a great job we get are stuff back very quick. quot; Desiree Limas of Morongo Casino asuncion despedida de soltera Resort amp; Despediida According to boston globe wasabi roulette research of California and other state lists there were 75 registered durango station casino 2014 offenders living in Palm Springs, California as of May 18, 2018. The ratio of number of residents in Palm Springs to the number of sex offenders is 640 to 1. The number of registered sex offenders compared to. The Morongo Band of Mission Indians is a federally recognized tribe. The main tribal groups are Cahuilla and Serrano. Tribal members also include Cupe241;o, Luise241;o, and Chemehuevi Indians. Contact Hours: Will satisfy the AB 54 Director Training Requirement Daily Class Schedule: This is a 2-hour Webinar. Instructions will … PS4 Backwards Compatibility: Can you play PS2 and PS3 on PS4.
Today one doesn’t need to visit a casino to try out their luck. All you require is Internet connectivity to play casino games online. These games are available in large numbers. However, you may not know the variety of games available and how it’s promoted online? Here we will deal with Some Information About Online Casino.
The online casino games are classified on the basis of different parameters such as level of risk, the skill of the player etc.
The games in this category give the user more chances to convert the house advantage towards him. In other words, these Onlinecasinoqq288.com Trusted Live Casino Gambling Website In Malaysia games have a lower level of risk. They include Baccarat, Blackjack, Craps, European Roulette, and Video Poker. Choosing the right strategy and carefully weighing your options will help you turn the advantage towards yourself in this category. Let us take the example of blackjack. Here one needs to select a particular rule and base his strategy accordingly to negate the house advantage. When it comes to video poker one must be judicious in choosing the game. In addition to this, the gamer must be judicious in deciding which cards to retain and which to discard.
The games in this category offer a higher percentage of winning. Some of these are Roulette, Slots, Keno, Sic Bo etc.
Slots offer the gamer the highest percentage of winning if he is successful is getting right a particular combination of symbols. There various jackpots which multiply substantially.
When it comes to Sic Bo particular bets can be made that offer very large payouts. For instance placing your bet on a particular triple the ratio can be 150:1 or even higher.
Certain games involve a level of expertise and skill to be employed by the gamer. These include Blackjack, Let It Ride Poker, Video Poker, and Caribbean Stud Poker among others.
Blackjack tests the skill of the gamer the most. The ability to understand when to strike, double or split has a direct relationship to your chances of winning.
Online Casino Games come out with various bonus and promotional offers frequently. This is done to attract new gamers and retain the existing ones.
It is offered as a welcome a new gamer who joins and makes an initial deposit. They may range from 25% to 200% of the deposit made.
This type of bonus encourages new gamers to check out different casinos without any risk on their money. They simply create an account without deposit to get the bonus.
These types of bonus are offered at particular period say monthly or yearly. The purpose is to keep the players interested. They can either be in the form of extra deposits or free attempts on certain games.
Numerous Casinos in order to induce players to play specific games offer them bonuses. The games change constantly and only by playing them regularly can one avail the bonuses.
The mobile section of any online casino offers players bonuses if they use particular devices. These devices can be an Android or iOS.
Having a clear idea about the types of games, different bonuses and promotions offered by online casinos will help a player to carefully consider his choices. It will enable him to reduce his gambling risk and increase his chances to win.
BestRecipes1.com Broughts you the Number 1 recipes all around the World! You're sure to find the perfect dish.
The Ford F-150 is updated for 2018 with a long list of new features. This includes new engines, new drive modes, and even a new exterior. There’s a lot that’s new and improved, but what hasn’t changed is this truck’s ability to be all things to all people.
If you’re configuring a sedan, then you might have your choice of a few trim levels, maybe a couple of engines, and several options packages. When you configure a truck, sit down, grab some coffee, and settle in because the number of possibilities is huge.
It’s a daunting thought, but that’s exactly the way it needs to be for today’s trucks. Gone are the days when trucks were only for people doing work. Not everyone who buys a truck has a ranch or a construction job. Ford offers versions of the F-150 to suit everyone from the guy looking for the bare minimum at the worksite to the guy who wants his truck to make a luxury car look minimalist.
We spent some time with the 2018 Ford F-150 Limited 4×4 Supercrew, which sits at the top of seven trim levels. Although you can get into an F-150 for as little as $27,705, the Limited starts at $60,850 putting it right up there in luxury car territory. It has all the trappings of a luxury car with the added bonus of being able to help you get some work done.
The interior is cavernous with room for five passengers and plenty of creature comforts. The front bucket seats are heated, ventilated, and 10-way power adjustable. The 60/40 split rear seats are heated, too, and fold up to provide extra room for cargo you don’t want exposed to the elements. Infotainment features SYNC 3 with SiriusXM satellite radio, navigation, and a B&O premium audio system.
There are leather seating surfaces with matching leather trims on the doors, gear shift, and steering wheel. Accents include real wood and there’s a twin pane moonroof that makes the cab feel even bigger. Storage abounds with a deep center console and numerous pockets and cubbies for stashing necessities. It’s a beautiful interior that will make you forget you’re in a truck.
Power comes from a 3.5-liter V6 EcoBoost engine with 375 horsepower and 470 lb-ft of torque paired to a 10-speed automatic transmission. It easily moves the F-150 into high speed traffic with smooth shifts, although it’s not exactly quiet. The interior might make you forget this is a truck, but the road, wind, and engine noise will kindly remind you of what you’re driving.
The ride is generally smooth, yet there is a lot of bounce on rougher road surfaces. It’s better on the highway, but you still won’t forget you’re driving a truck. Now, it’s fair to say you don’t expect a truck to drive like a sedan, but today’s trucks are much smoother than those of years ago and other automakers offer smoother, quieter rides.
When it comes to capability, it depends very much on your truck’s configuration. Maximum towing is 13,200 pounds and maximum payload is 3,270 pounds. That makes the F-150 plenty capable of helping out with serious work even while it coddles its passengers.
The Ford F-150 isn’t just the best-selling truck in the country, it’s the best-selling vehicle overall. Die hard F-150 fans come back to this truck again and again for its features and capability at the same time new fans are drawn into the fold. The latest updates ensure that the F-150 will continue to hold its place at the top.
logistics company in south extension 2, freight companies in south extension 2, freight forwarder in south extension 2, shipping quote in south extension 2, air freight in south extension 2, freight shipping quote in south extension 2, freight services in south extension 2, shipping companies in south extension 2, freight charges in south extension 2, freight quote in south extension 2, warehouse in south extension 2, freight cost in south extension 2, shipping freight rates in south extension 2, freight shipping costs in south extension 2, transport and logistics in south extension 2, freight transportation in south extension 2, ocean freight in south extension 2, air freight rates in south extension 2, freight trucking companies in south extension 2, international freight in south extension 2, freight logistics in south extension 2, logistics business in south extension 2, logistics services in south extension 2, freight shipping companies in south extension 2, international logistics in south extension 2, transport logistics in south extension 2, international logistics companies in south extension 2, air cargo rates in south extension 2, road freight in south extension 2, logistics solutions in south extension 2, shipping and logistics in south extension 2, top logistics companies in south extension 2, forwarding agent in south extension 2, air freight charges in south extension 2, freight companies near me in south extension 2, shipping logistics in south extension 2, custom website in south extension 2, international freight services in south extension 2, cheap freight shipping in south extension 2, cargo shipping company in south extension 2, logistics website in south extension 2, domestic freight in south extension 2, shipping truck in south extension 2, logistics transportation companies in south extension 2, global freight in south extension 2, international shipping companies in south extension 2, motor freight in south extension 2, cheapest international shipping in south extension 2, cargo ship in south extension 2, international shipping rates in south extension 2, cheap shipping in south extension 2, trucking companies in south extension 2, international shipping in south extension 2, international freight forwarder in south extension 2, freight forwarding companies in south extension 2, international forwarding in south extension 2, shipping logistics company in south extension 2, truck freight shipping in south extension 2, truck freight companies in south extension 2, domestic freight shipping in south extension 2, freight carriers near me in south extension 2, truck broker in south extension 2, freight broker agent in south extension 2, shipping container in south extension 2, overseas shipping in south extension 2, air cargo companies in south extension 2, ocean freight rates in south extension 2, shipping services in south extension 2, sea freight rates in south extension 2, worldwide shipping in south extension 2, freight carrier companies in south extension 2, container shipping companies in south extension 2, freight container in south extension 2, freight rate quote in south extension 2, best logistics companies in south extension 2, car freight in south extension 2, international freight shipping in south extension 2, cargo shipping rates in south extension 2, shipping freight companies in south extension 2, warehouse logistics in south extension 2, freight agent in south extension 2, contract logistics in south extension 2, truck logistics in south extension 2, air freight companies in south extension 2, shipping and freight in south extension 2, 3rd party logistics in south extension 2, logistics provider in south extension 2, air cargo carriers in south extension 2, air shipment in south extension 2, freight international in south extension 2, cargo services in south extension 2, customs agent in south extension 2, freight shipping services in south extension 2, freight and logistics companies in south extension 2, third party logistics in south extension 2, international air freight companies in south extension 2, sea freight in south extension 2
security guard in Sector 17, security companies in Sector 17, security guard companies in Sector 17, security services company in Sector 17, private security companies in Sector 17, security agency in Sector 17, top security companies in Sector 17, private security in Sector 17, security firms in Sector 17, security guard services in Sector 17, best security company in Sector 17, event security in Sector 17, secure services in Sector 17, private security contractor in Sector 17, armed security companies in Sector 17, guard security in Sector 17, security officer in Sector 17, private security firms in Sector 17, event security companies in Sector 17, private security services in Sector 17, top security guard companies in Sector 17, security company names in Sector 17, security guard agency in Sector 17, armed security guard companies in Sector 17, managed security service provider in Sector 17, home security in Sector 17, security contractors in Sector 17, security officer companies in Sector 17, company security in Sector 17, business security service in Sector 17, personal security companies in Sector 17, security patrol in Sector 17, private security guard in Sector 17, house security in Sector 17, a security company in Sector 17, all security services in Sector 17, security service provider in Sector 17, guard services in Sector 17, all security company in Sector 17, apartment security in Sector 17, arm guard in Sector 17, personal security guard in Sector 17, security services inc in Sector 17, managed security solutions in Sector 17, home security companies in Sector 17, best security guard companies in Sector 17, home security service in Sector 17, event security services in Sector 17, security guard equipment in Sector 17, local security companies in Sector 17, managed security services in Sector 17, private security agency in Sector 17, security agency near me in Sector 17, personal security services in Sector 17, corporate security services in Sector 17, executive protection services in Sector 17, security patrol companies in Sector 17, the security service in Sector 17, security system companies in Sector 17, security patrol services in Sector 17, business security in Sector 17, security guard office in Sector 17, armed security in Sector 17, armed security guard in Sector 17, security guard business in Sector 17, largest security guard companies in Sector 17, retail security in Sector 17, private security service in Sector 17, security officer services in Sector 17, security business in Sector 17, local security guard companies in Sector 17, security solutions in Sector 17, bodyguard services in Sector 17, services security in Sector 17, international security companies in Sector 17, on site security services in Sector 17, construction site security in Sector 17, personal bodyguard in Sector 17, residential security in Sector 17, leading security companies in Sector 17, armed security services in Sector 17, private armed security in Sector 17, commercial security in Sector 17, commercial security services in Sector 17, residential security companies in Sector 17, guarding security services in Sector 17, armed security guard jobs in Sector 17, security guard firms in Sector 17, corporate security companies in Sector 17, top security services in Sector 17, security contractor companies in Sector 17, securities services in Sector 17, industrial security services in Sector 17, residential security services in Sector 17, bodyguards for hire in Sector 17, a security guard in Sector 17, security guard hiring in Sector 17
My wife and I took a road trip to the Pacific Northwest and I learned that the board gaming scene is thriving up there. We hit up three board game cafes and got to meet a few of my Board Game Twitter heroes.
Azul took home the top Spiel des Jahres prize as the best game of the year. Ars Technica reported, “The Spiel des Jahres jury praised its ‘wonderful aesthetics,’ the quality of its bakelite game pieces, and the way ‘author Michael Kiesling managed to give a simple selection mechanism so much depth that it is almost endlessly replayable.’” The Kennerspiel des Jahres award for slightly more complex games went to Die Quacksalber von Quedlinburg.
With Gen Con this week, the swarming masses will descend upon Indianapolis to get their game on. For those of us not attending, there’s GenCan’t, an online “unconvention” that anyone can participate in. Along with all of the online events and contests, there are also in-person game days.
Steve Jackson Games and CMON are teaming up to bring Munchkin Dungeon to the masses. From the CMON website: “It is the first collaboration between designers Eric M. Lang (Blood Rage, Rising Sun, Arcadia Quest) and Andrea Chiarvesio (Richard the Lionheart, Kingsburg, Hyperborea) … Munchkin Dungeon comes to life on the tabletop with highly-detailed miniature figures and illustrations by legendary artist Jon Kovalic. Fans of the Munchkin series of games will feel right at home with the whimsical art that Kovalic is famous for.”
Renegade Game Studios announced a new word game from Christopher Chung (Lanterns: The Harvest Festival), Spell Smashers. “Harness the power of your vocabulary in this exciting, monster-battling, loot-collecting word game. In Spell Smashers, you combine your letter cards to spell words, smashing fearsome monsters and their even more fearsome adjectives.” The game is set for an October release.
Debuting at Gen Con with a bigger release later this year is Trade on the Tigris. From a recent Tasty Minstrel Games newsletter: “[P]layers will develop cities, trade with one another, and watch as the interactions you have will cause the sharing of philosophies between cultures. The very core belief of your city may change because of this, so you will need to adapt and grow to score the most points to win the game.”
Dice Tower News reports that Blue Orange Games will be releasing two new titles at Gen Con, Blue Lagoon “a set collection games [sic]with an area control mechanic” by Reiner Knizia and Scarabya, “an area enclosure game with a tile placement mechanic” by Bruno Cathala and Ludovic Maublanc.
Source: http://www.dicetowernews.com/blue-orange-games-announces-two-new-releases-at-gen-con-blue-lagoon-and-scarabya/53454
From Jerry Hawthorne, designer of Mice and Mystics and Stuffed Fables, comes Plaid Hat’s newest game, Comanauts. The game “builds on the mechanics first introduced in Stuffed Fables, providing a new experience for more mature players. Race against time to revive Dr. Strobal by exploring his tormented mind. As players work together to uncover the secrets of the doctor’s subconscious, they will follow his inner child across eleven different Comazones.” Comanauts can be pre-ordered now and will arrive at retailers in December.
Fantasy Flight Games published four lists of X-Wing Second Edition cards. The lists include “current squad-point costs and upgrade options [and]… these lists can help you quickly find the point values of the vast library of ship and upgrade cards available at launch and use them to build squadrons tailored to your play style.”
Next year CMON is launching a Kickstarter for Trudvang Legends, its storytelling board game based on Swedish RPG Trudvang Chronicles. “Designed by Eric M. Lang, Guilherme Goulart, and Fel Barros, Trudvang Legends thrusts players into a cycle of epic sagas, where their achievements will change not only the world itself, but the very rules by which gods, peoples and nature interact.”
GMT Games has partnered with Playdek to produce digital versions of their most popular war games. The first games to be produced will be Labyrinth: The War on Terror, Imperial Struggle, and titles from the COIN series.
An upgraded version of the card game Arboretum is due out this November. According to Renegade Game Studios, “The limited edition deluxe version offers fans a chance to enjoy the elegance of the game with an engraved and heat-treated wooden box, premium rainbow foil cards, an embroidered fabric bag, and a beautiful full color sleeve for the box.”
Designers David Thompson and Trevor Benjamin shared their thoughts on creating War Chest, a bag-building game being published by AEG. From their BGG diary: “We both love sleek, modern euro-inspired wargames (affectionately called “waros” or “weuros”). We both love deck-building games. And most importantly, we both love trying to mesh these two things together. War Chest is the successful output of this shared passion.”
A Mind Body Soul Directory and Spiritual Knowledge Site. Dedicated to Brenda Smith and all spiritual seekers out there. 0
Independence Day Holiday – University Holiday – University offices are closed. UMKC School of Medicine
← Memorial Day Holiday – University Holiday – University offices are closed.	Labor Day Holiday – University Holiday – University offices are closed. →
Game Description: Legend Of Johnny: Your mission in this fast paced fighting game is to take a role of boy named Johnny. His girlfriend was kidnapped and Johnny has sold his soul for the strength to get her back. You must help him to clean up the streets and get rid of all the bad guys.
synthroid buying on line --- discount synthroid without prescription --- discount synthroid without prescription
Happy Halloween everyone! Remember to be safe out here while trick or treating, and i you find any drugs in your candy...be appreciative because drugs are expensive. Seriously though have a safe Hallo...
Another funny video This time we did the Chair pulling prank part 2 Make sure to Subscribe and turn on Post Notifications
A crazy Rings scare prank on Omegle video chat, featuring a crying girl that transforms into a ghost from The Ring. People FREAK OUT! Some great scares and funny reactions. This is not the typical Sa...
Yet despite having a hand in so many different industries, consumers largely trust Amazon with everything from their personal information and buying habits to the literal conversations they have in their own homes. According to a study The Verge conducted in partnership with consulting firm Reticle Research last year, Amazon is the most-liked and trusted technology brand by a wide margin. One likely explanation there is that the company has a strong relationship with its customers, thanks in part to its zealous commitment to low prices and a seemingly never-ending quest to make modern life more convenient.
As Seen On TV is a generic nameplate for products advertised on television in the United States for direct-response mail-order through a toll-free telephone number. As Seen On TV advertisements, known as infomercials, are usually 30-minute shows or two-minute spots during commercial breaks. These products can range from kitchen, household, automotive, cleaning, health, and beauty products, to exercise and fitness products, books, or to toys and games for children. Typically the packaging for these items includes a standardized red seal in the shape of a CRT television screen with the words "AS SEEN ON TV" in white, an intentional allusion to the logo of TV Guide magazine.[citation needed]
When you sign up and get approved for the Amazon.com Rewards Visa Card from Chase (no annual fee!), you'll get $50 off your next purchase instantly. Click here for more details. Collect points and coupons as you shop at Amazon and use them to redeem more Amazon goods! You can also redeem for cash back, gift cards and travel. Get 3% back at Amazon and 1-2% back elsewhere! It's a win!
Hi, To provide a more secure and pleasant fashion experience at hm.com, login by using your email. Just enter your current password to continue. If you need help, feel free to get in touch with us at {0} Make sure to be the first to know what’s going on in the world of fashion, sign up to our newsletter. Hi, To provide a more secure and pleasant fashion experience at hm.com we ask you to use an email address as your Username. If you need help, feel free to get in touch with us at 855-466-7467.
Amazon puts all of its daily deals into a Gold Box. Check the Today's Deals page to access these daily deals and get limited-time savings of up to 80% off select items, coupons to instantly clip and access to Lightning Deals. Lightning Deals are available only for a limited amount of time and have a countdown timer showing how much time is left to get the discount. Shop before the deal expires or the item sells out.
Amazon runs data centers for its online services and owns generators or purchases electricity corresponding to its consumption, mostly renewable energy.[139] Amazon contracted with Avangrid to build and operate the first wind farm in North Carolina to power Amazon's Virginia data centers. The wind farm was built and began operating in December 2016 despite opposition from President Trump and some North Carolina Republican legislators.[140][141][142][143][144]
The main con is obviously the cold, crowds, and chaos. But just because Black Friday traditionally means in-store shopping, doesn't mean that many retailers won't offer sales online. Last year, online sales hit 19.62 billion over the five-day period from Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday. So if you don't want to wake up in the middle of the night to battle crowds and wait in long lines, check with your favorite stores to see if you can do it all from the comfort of your home.
Amazon, with its unfettered access to troves of valuable consumer and seller data, came upon a rather interesting business model around 2009, when it launched a private label division under the name AmazonBasics. It started first with the items the company noticed people most often purchased without thinking too hard about the brand name, like batteries and HDMI cables. But as The New York Times reported this past summer, this proved to be a way to fast track a fledgling product category into a massive money-making top seller — AmazonBasics’ AA batteries now outsell Duracell and Energizer on Amazon.com after just a few years.
Elegant, warm jacket in a subtle shade (beige / grey / strong shade of fuchsia). Excellent from the first to the last days of pregnancy. Thanks to the unique adjustment system You'll use it even after giving a birth. The zip on the back is not only as a decoration but also hides the additional supply of fabric, so that the jacket grows together with the growing belly. After the birth simply fasten the zip to enjoy "new" fitted jacket! Simple, classic cut dresses beautifully every body type and makes the jacket a timeless design.
Motherhood is a complex but pleasant and unforgettable experience. A whole new world of emotions now opens up within you. Maternity fashion is also connected with disbelief, acceptance, joy, trepidation, fears and elation: the list goes on. Happy Mum offers you a whole range of maternity fashion. At this particular time in your life you will face many physical, emotional and social changes. We would like to make your life easier and more comfortable by offering you our maternity wear. Our company will bring you a fabulous range of modern and comfortable maternity wear. We care about 'mum to be' and that is why our maternity fashion is so unique and still it's stylish and exclusive. It doesn't matter on what stage of pregnancy you are our maternity wear will ensure you feminine and sexy look.
A Cop, a Doctor, a Taxi Driver, and four Casting Agents walk into a room… No, it’s not the beginning of a joke, it’s just a typical day at FakeHub! Join us on the web’s newest, and fastest growing, mega site to find a wide asso...
The Hardcore-Porn.Tv is always updating and adding more porn videos every day. It's all here and 100% free porn.
Tags: anal dildo teen pussy amateur toys masturbation pov vagina model mom orgasm webcam cam jasmine sister 18 imlive collegegirl camshow
長谷寺で撮られた写真もインスタグラムによく上がるようになり、インスタグラマーが撮った綺麗な写真や、楽しげな写真、可愛い写真など見ていますと、こちらも楽しくなると同時に感謝の気持ちでいっぱいになります。
Your WordPress site is the product of your commitment and hard work – but it’s vulnerable. A cyber...
I have no idea about how many ‘The Paris of the East’ there are in the world. However it is obvious that Bucharest has made a lot of efforts to deserve this name. Would you like to have a look at what the Communist leader, Ceausescu did to create such similarity and even to make Bucharest more charming comparing with Paris? First of all, he built a much bigger palace standing on a high point of the city which is bigger than Champs-Elysees. Actually he wanted to have a palace very similar to Champs-Elysees. Now, once you go up to the huge balcony of the palace you can watch the endless boulevard lying beneath your wings. Despite the protests of the people living in the area he demolished seven
neighbourhoods of the city so that he could create this straight boulevard with no curves. At the end he had a redesigned city of Bucharest. It is most likely that he felt so proud of his work when he watched the city from the balcony and felt that the city looked like an endless sea. This palace, which is the second biggest building after Pentagon, serves as the parliament of Romania. It is such a huge palace with 1100 rooms that I had to spend half day to see only 5% of it. When you enter the large saloons with high ceilings that were created with the marble, wood, silk and glass that were brought from the various parts of the country and the world you get shocked with the level of the desire of human beings to show
power and magnificence. These saloons and big balconies have hosted so many important persons such as the first peace meeting between Yassar Arafat-Shimon Perez, Michael Jackson and a number of other world leaders. The words; “Hello Budapest” that spread out of M. Jackson’s mouth in the balcony during his speech to his fans watching him in front of the palace are still used as a funny joke among the people of the world. Actually, Bucharest is usually mixed with Budapest. Bewildered and fascinated with the size of the palace I sat down on the elegant and cold marble steps and stared at the far ceilings of the palace. Then I started to think. Why do some human beings prefer to build such huge buildings? Is it an instinct of feeling big or overcoming the reality of death and become
eternal? No answer. In this case, the citizens of the city were coping with poverty while the palace was being erected. Ceausescu was not satisfied with the giant appearance of the palace he also wanted the magnificent fountains to be built along the both sides of boulevard and placed the copy of Arc de Triumph of Paris in the square of a big intersection. Seeing the palace and the city after his enormous touch, Ceausescu must have said himself; “Bucharest is much more beautiful than Paris now.” However, is magnificence enough to be beautiful? The admiration of Bucharest towards Paris is not something new. Bucharest used to be called “the Paris of the East” between the two world wars because of her shining lifestyle and being keen on fashion and night life. By the way, I must note that
Ceausescu is not the only person one can remember when the topic is Romania. This is a country with 20 million of population. The queen of the ice, Nadia Comaneci is the national heroine and proud of the country. However, I prefer to keep on talking about Ceausescu as he had great effect on the destiny of the country. He was born in a poor family in the rural area and became a shoe maker when he moved to Bucharest. Although he was a dictator and shot down with his wife after the revolution in 1989 he had a big finger print on every inch of the city.
There are more buildings of the city that I can share with you. The National Bank, the Opera Building, the Art Museum and a number of other
gorgeous museums mostly built with Baroque style prove that the architecture is the biggest value of the identity of Bucharest. I entered the highly secured National Museum with precious samples of marble and studied the interesting evaluation of the money from the very past to present. By the way, today Romania uses plastic banknotes but not paper. They are like toys but still beautiful. While visiting the museums I witnessed that most of the statues of the important characters standing are the ones who were highly respected heroes that fought against the Ottomans. Romania became independent after big troubles with the Ottomans in 1866.
Having built masterpieces of architecture to represent power, luxury and beauty Bucharest is struggling with today’s rude style of architecture. Yet, Bucharest can still resist to this new style and survive as a pretty city.
Village Museum to underline the importance of the rural architecture and its culture. The story of the museum is interesting. 10 scientists travelled across the country to study the rural area houses. After the big search and discovery sample houses were built in Bucharest along the beautiful river between the years 1925-1935. They are not model houses but real ones which you can go inside and live in. This is the most amazing village house museum I have ever seen. It is like travelling across Romania and seeing the houses
with the life in them. You can learn about the houses and their characteristics from the sign boards and the old but passionate guide who also knows Turkish language. He told me the fact that 5% of the words in Romanian language were Turkish. I kept listening to him. He pointed at the house
which was half built in the land and covered with dry grass so that it could be hid from the Mongolian, Tatar and Ottoman warriors.
The tour of museums never ends in Bucharest. If you visit the historical building which is used as the National Village Life Museum on the Victoria Street you can see the whole materials related to the traditional life of Romania. The clothes, kitchen supplies, cattle breeding materials, houses, windmills, statues and various tools wait to be rediscovered. Once you spend enough time in this museum you can easily visualise the culture of Romania on your mind. Bucharest really deserves the name of ‘the city of museums’. It is a city that has succeeded displaying all aspects of the culture in museums. The entrance fee to most of the museums is almost free.
It would be just like ‘a dinner with no dessert’ if you left the city without exploring its night life. The
night life is so live and cheap in the old town of Bucharest. The colourful life go on at the modern or traditional pubs, cafes, night clubs, massage saloons and restaurants. You need to notice the extra ordinary design of the places and try different styles each time you go out at nights. I must warn you about the taxi fares especially in this night life zone. Every tourist is destined to be cheated at least once by the taxi drivers in Bucharest. However, the taxi fares are so low that the pain of being ripped off doesn’t hurt
much. It is recommended to set the price with the driver or ask the hotel workers to call you a taxi just in case.
access equality to education is as low as it is in Turkey. The more the parents make donations to schools the more facilities the schools have. Kids start to learn English, Art and Music at the nursery school. They learn second language at the 6th grade. English is widely spoken on the streets of Bucharest. I was surprised to see that English is so popular although Russian language was the dominant one during the Communist era until 1989. I believe that people of Bucharest find it easy to learn English because they live in a tourist attraction capital, travelling has become very common for them, the recent EU membership, the openness to the world and using technology, cinema and the Internet. Teachers teach 18 hours a week and get 250 Euro more or less. The low salary forces teachers do extra
teaching or other jobs. Learning that the minimum wage is around 200 Euro I find it hard to explain how people could survive with this wage. After some investigation, I was informed that most families still lived in the houses that were given to them by the government during the Communist system so they do not pay rent today. Also, Romanian government sells the natural gas and oil cheap to its citizens as they are the produced in the country. Finally, the poor families receive social support from the government or the municipality.
The schools are governed by the municipality. The teachers have to take an exam and then they are appointed to schools according to the marks they get. The maternity leave is 14 months.
While speaking with the intellectual tourist guide he tried to prove that there is a democratic system
in Romania by giving this information; “There are 19 officially recognised ethnic groups in Romania. The Hungarians, Germans, Jews, Turks and Gypsies are the biggest communities. The political system allows all the ethnic groups to send their representatives into the parliament. Surprisingly, all ethnic groups have learnt to work and stand together despite their differences. Governments ignoring the rights of the minorities can be forced to resign with the joint actions of the minority members of the parliament. It has happened twice in the history of Romania”. By the way, there is a coalition of the socialists and the liberals. Although the Socialists have more chairs in the parliament the prime minister of the government is liberal. This is a good example of showing the democracy level of the country.
If you wish to experience the ancient history of Romania you need to travel to Brasov region. After driving around two hours you start to watch the hidden old villages, the palaces, castles, city walls and the well-preserved rural
life as if you were travelling in a tale. When I noticed the Bran Castle (Castle of Dracula) standing on the top of the hill it reminded me of the castle of the bad guy-Gargamel-of the cartoon movie; the
By the way, I learnt that the story of the book of Dracula took place at this castle and the book named after this castle. Not surprisingly, Dracula castle was built to protect the city when it was on the border of two countries. Dracula (Vlad Tepes) is known as the tyrant but the hero emperor of his time by the Romanians. He is still appreciated by the people since he was able to set the order in his lands after a long time of disorder. He also brought peace and richness and the state became very powerful. According to what the guide said I would like to tell you two examples of his cruelty. One of them is that when he was preparing to fight against the Ottomans he was informed that the Ottoman army was approaching in a big number. He decided that he would lose the war if he fought. Then he decided to kill
thousands of his soldiers and put them on the sticks across a large area. Seeing the fields of killed soldiers, the Ottomans got frightened with what they witnessed and they turned back. Second example was that Dracula used to visit the cities disguised and place a golden cup in the town square at night. If he didn’t find the cup the following day he governor of the city would be in a big trouble. If the cup disappeared that meant that burglary was a common thing in the city, the governor could not stop it and set the order. At the castle you can see the armchair of torture, war weapons and the private room of the queen who would live there for some time.
The churches of Bucharest look charming. While you are wondering across the city, the old churches appear among the tall new buildings all of a sudden. They usually have Armenian or Byzantine style of architecture. Once you enter inside the churches you set off a voyage in the history. What I realised that the most east feature of Romania is its churches. Not only because of the style were they built with but also the women praying inside. Like the Muslim or Jewish women in the
Middle East the Romanian women also cover their heads and body, touch and kiss the walls while praying. The incense filled in the church is the other thing that you can find inside the sacred places of other religions in the East. Faith is still strong in Romania and it can be felt everywhere in the society.
Maybe it is enough to talk about the history and the architecture of the city. When I went out of the castle I felt that it was the time of tasting the delicious traditional dishes of Romania. I went up to a restaurant made of wood where I could watch the city lying in the valley, the castle and the statues of the important people. At this restaurant, you can try the Cabbage Sarma (Wrapped)
with minced meat, the dish made with meat kept in glass jars for 6-7 months and cooked in pots. Also, the grilled duck with mashed potato and vegetables is just amazing. The dishes are served with homemade wine near the fireplace by the kind waitresses. After I had the satisfying meal I went out for a short walk. I came across the houses of the cartoon characters such as the Smurfs, Winni the poo, Red Riding Hood, etc. It was like a tale country you could travel through. Isn’t it fantastic?
The words I have written here about Romania is just a bunch of wheat I picked from an endless field. It is almost impossible to claim that I have seen Romania since I haven’t seen the most beautiful part of the country called Transylvania. Let me end this piece of writing with a quote of Richardson; “The Romanians are hospitable, generous, good listeners, polite and adventurous”. My first impression proves me right. Would you like to continue to explore the country from the point where I have reached?
Whoa! If this show were a baby, it'd have been born breech. We were supposed to have a musical guest - our first. She had to cancel. Then Jill got sick, leaving poor Dave to muddle through some kind of technical difficulty that makes the show sound like there's someone sitting next to the mic popping bubble wrap. ...
It's raining stalkers! Get your automated booty call right here - courtesy of the Stuart Bedasso Show and Johnny Kalama. Jill and Will may not be sitting in a tree, but there's always room for Weird Al. Mitt Romney's kids need to get their asses over to Iraq. And Greg Palast is Stuart's new friend. Why don't they...
What's new Pussycat? Ahhhhhhh, my chest hair's on fire!!! You too can run your portable music device on knee power - if you weren't such a lazy bitch. Ralph Nader is killing Dave. Jill gets a possible booty call. Keziah joins thousands of African-Americans by being disenfranchised at the voting booth. Once again,...
We get political on your ass. Obama & Hillary don't do anything for any of us...get down with Cynthia McKinney and Cindy Sheehan. It's Super Bowl Sunday and we're hoping that this year, Snickers will turn you into a pedophile, or at least someone into nipple clamps. Enjoy the debut of Johnny Kalama! Jill makes her...
Woke up with bed bugs crawling and biting me in the night. Motel has history of bed bugs. Changed rooms the next day.
Alone on Sweetest Day? m4w Are you going to be alone on Sweetest Day? You don't have to be, why not spend the day or evening with me?
I'm posting this now so I can make dinner reservations for us. I can pick you up or we can meet at the restaurant. After a nice enjoyable dinner we could head back to my home or yours for a little wine, a little cuddling and a little intimacy.
What do you say, are you ready to socialize? Email me back without sending me to a website, hopefully with a picture and put Sweetest Day in the subject line and let's make plans for an enjoyable evening. Looking forward to hearing from you.
Casual Hook Ups Ashland Pennsylvania 17921 c&l lubbock fun 26 white male interested in gloryhole play. I want to meet and play with a female or couple at the c&l store thats on the way to levelland. for trade. No single males what so ever, Im absolutely sure, i will not change my mind and dont care how good you are. If you are a single male do not waste time replying to this ad! All others welcome. For a faster response message me on kik is thowel89. Available during the day only, no nights.
Granny looking girls fuck Sexy women wants casual sex Radcliff any ladys looking to fall in love and stay there?, get laid Swan Hill Casual Hook Ups Baldwin NorthDakota 58521 brunette I saw you at aeropostles in the mall Friday am. You were at the front of the store. We exchanged hello's. Wanna chat?
Just looking for another friend for our grouptake a look, horney mom Biot Looking for someone genuine w4m Hello, there. I am a hopeless romantic looking for my Romeo. Haha ..I need nothing serious right now , fun and friendship would be just right. I know there are a lot of people out there that are looking for the same thing but I really do have a lot to offer sexually and hope that this actually works out for us.
Looking for a Cool 420-Friendly Girl to Hang Out With horny asian women in Kushantzukangcheng Casual Dating Union springs NewYork 13160 lady in red sebring m4w You are driving next to me on Rose Street at about 8:45pm .. you were driving a darker red sebring you had on a pink sweater, you had beautiful blonde hair and you smiled the most beautiful smile at me.. i was instantly captured by your beauty and you smile was breath taking. i would like to talk to you one day or at least have the privilege to know your name because it must be just as beaautiful as you are.... i hope to here from you.... PS i was in a truck
Llooking for attractive fat adult wives acttractive, granny Marina del Rey fР“Сr sex Looking for College Guy For Role Looking for college guy who's beginning to get bored during the holidays
Hot wifes want girls for dating fucking Vatulele kent Wanted: Female With High Sex Drive m4w I'm a well educated business professional looking to augment the lack of physcial attention at home...
Local girls wanting sex rican lady, Elizabethtown New York ohio married looking for affair Sexy women want sex tonight Granby looking for suck and fuck I'm looking for a single white female for the ages of 19 to 38 that will be willing to hook up and have fun a one night stand or regular basis send a and your age and what titti size you are
horny singles wanting hot sluts sex chat Albuquerque New Mexico NSA Fun I don't want any drama, I just want some fun right now :) My place or yours. Your gets the rest of mine. Put your favorite drink in the subject line to get a reply..
Whether you are in a business or not, here is the R.E.C.I.P.E. for success that works everytime you use it! I love to use acronyms and R.E.C.I.P.E. is a great acronym for Results, Education, Communication, Integrity, Purpose and Empower. Results … Continue reading →
Here’s the good news! Now with the Internet, the world is your market and word-of-mouth marketing is the most effective form of marketing. I have dedicated my life to this wonderful worldwide mission: To help all people live a better … Continue reading →
The secrets of top network marketers and internet marketers are revealed to you right here and right now! They work with the universal law of cause and effect -what you sow you shall reap – what goes around comes around … Continue reading →
This posting is written from the heart onto a notebook at 8.15 am on Monday, 3 February 2014. I was inspired by God to write it and all my inspirations come from God, I am only the messenger. Would you … Continue reading →
The road map is not the journey, take action and do the business consistently. This blog is your road map, I will be sharing what I know on how to make your first million in network marketing, I can do … Continue reading →
“Discover how you can build a global business in 92 countries for as little as $3 a month or 10 cents a day!”
Yes for as little at S$41.66 which is about $3 a month or 10 cents a day, you can build a global business in 92 countries! For 12 months, people from 92 countries can go to your replicated website, like … Continue reading →
30 Ways To Get Traffic To Visit Your Website: Why word-of-mouth marketing is the most effective form of marketing? It is based on trust, belief and relationship. Who would you trust more, an advertisement or a recommendation from a friend … Continue reading →
This short guide is based on 20 successful years of network marketing experience. It is written for the lazy but smart man who is looking for the simplest and shortest way to make his first million dollars. This guide is … Continue reading →
Whether you are clueless about network marketing or an experienced network marketer looking for the right company at the right time, the key word is integrity. You have heard it many times that God is Love and Love is God, … Continue reading →
I am very excited about Jeunesse because the management is doing the right things and raising the standards in this industry! And I speak from 20 years of successful network marketing experience and have written three best-selling books on network … Continue reading →
Rich Builders was established in 1984, and today employs 1 to 4, earning $1.000.000 to $2.499.999 per year. This is a business, which does work in the B2B market, and is classified as a , under code number 2362200 by the NAICS.
If you are seeking more information, feel free to contact Richard Hiple Full Name Report at the company’s single location by writing to 108 West Lewis St, Swayzee, Indiana IN 46986 or by phoning (765) 922-7181 Full Phone Report. You can also visit this business on Facebook by going to their profile page at Facebook or on find them on Twitter.
Rich Builders was started in 1984 to provide professional under the SIC code 1521 and NAICS code 2362200. Since its inception, the company has gone on to take a total of 1 to 4 personnel under its employment and has achieved earnings of $1.000.000 to $2.499.999 per annum.
Feel free to contact Richard Hiple Full Name Report for inquiries that concern Rich Builders by calling the company number (765) 922-7181 Full Phone Report, as your correspondence is most welcome. Additionally, the physical location of the single location of Rich Builders can be found at the coordinates 40.511182,-85.826059 as well as the street address 108 West Lewis St in Swayzee, Indiana 46986.
For its online presence, you may visit Rich Builders’s website at and engage with its social media outlets through on Twitter and on Facebook.
in United States in Indiana in Swayzee, IN in 46986 Swayzee, IN All businesses in Indiana StateAll businesses in Swayzee, INAll businesses in 46986 Swayzee, IN
Address: Headquarters building, 21 building, Jin Ji building,Yongkang City,Jinhua City,Zhejiang Province,Chin
When it comes to travelling, whether for business or for leisure, the airport can often come with costs that we completely overlook. From airport parking to the cost of food, there are plenty of things that can cost us a pretty penny if we aren’t careful and it can be easy to forget to look into money saving tips for your time at the airport while we’re busy looking at hotels and places to eat at our destination. We’ve decided to pull together five of the best ways you can save money while you’re at the airport no matter where you’re travelling to or how long you’ll be there for.
Airport parking can be one of the most costly parts about flying if you have no other way of getting to the airport. Though trains and busses might seem better in theory, the cheaper cost can often be made to seem not worth the hassle when it comes to lugging your bags from place to place. Driving is often the easiest way to bring your luggage to the airport, and you’ll be happy to know there are ways to save even if this is the case. You can look into getting dropped off by a friend or family member, or even a co-worker if you feel comfortable asking them. If this isn’t the case, take to the internet and look for deals. There are regular deals available at all airports for their parking, though some of these are only available if you book the parking while you book your plane ticket. Looking online or even calling the airport can lead to some unexpected deals, so make sure you look around before deciding on how you’re travelling to the airport.
It can often be cheaper to pay your baggage fees online before you even leave for the airport. Some airlines will have a prepay option and others won’t, however, so make sure you look into this in advance. Checking the weight of your luggage and the policy each airline has is also important to save yourself from any unexpected and costly fees. Overweight bags can cost you hundreds depending on the airline and how overweight your bag is, so make sure you check all of this before you even leave your house. You might have to leave the extra towels at home, but it could be worth it to save yourself some serious money.
Next to airport parking, exchanging money can be another big cost that you won’t necessarily consider. Airport currency exchange play off of the ease and convenience that their position will give you, and charge the fees to make up for it. Exchanging some money before you go and drawing the rest from an ATM or bank when you arrive can work out a lot cheaper, or at least a better value for money than exchanging your holiday funds at the airport. After all, the more you exchange, the more they’ll take in fees.
Airport food is notorious for being on the expensive side. Just like the currency exchange, restaurants and fast food often take advantage of the convenience and charge more and the same can be said for in-flight food. Packing some lasting snacks for your journey can save you the cost of airport food, as well as keep you going throughout the duration of the flight. Of course, this all depends on how long your flight is. Try and eat before you leave home, too, or before you get to the airport. If you’re set on that fast food meal, consider stopping off on the way to the airport instead, as you’ll find that the food is cheaper outside of the terminals.
Looking for all of the deals and vouchers that you can might seem like the obvious choice, but searching for these things is a priceless venture. The savings that can be found by shopping around can go from pence, to a lot more and it’s well worth a bit of a search to see what you can find. From deals on airport lounges that will have drinks and food included, to vouchers for cheaper airport parking during the duration of your holiday, there is no doubting that savings can be made. Take some time out on the run up to your trip to see what you gems you can find within the deep corners of markets.
It is not true that successful entrepreneur are born that way. In fact, anyone can be a successful entrepreneur.…read more →
You think your business idea will turn you into a five-figure earner within a few weeks? You really need…read more →
There is more to starting and running a business than just money and number of employees. Some people have to…read more →
Also, I wouldn't mind talking with you on Twitter! Hit The Button Below And Let Me Know Something - anything for that matter!
If you’re looking for effective and solid ways for how to market your MLM business, then you’re going to want to read this article from top to bottom. In it, I’ll detail four insider tactics for how to market your MLM business.
Most of us get involved in an MLM business and are taught to build our business by making a list of our warm market, conduct 3-way calls and in-home meetings, and to pass out product samples and business cards to anyone we can find who will stop and take them. We are taught that this is how to market your MLM business so we do it, only to find after weeks, months and countless dollars spent that there has been no return on our investment and that those efforts have achieved little (if any) results in terms of building our business and our bank account.
Sit back and ponder for a quick moment how every one of the most successful retailers on the planet markets their businesses. You don’t see Walmart or McDonald’s making a list of their warm market and making 3-way calls to people to get people to come to their stores and buy from them. Although network marketing is a phenomenal business, the ways most of them teach you how to market your MLM business are outdated and ineffective.
If you are serious about learning how to market your MLM business in a way that will create a massive and profitable organization, then you need to learn how to have prospects chasing you instead of the opposite taking place. Here are 4 “insider secrets” and a step-by-step process to make that a reality:
1. How To Market Your MLM Business “Insider Tactic” #1 – Understand The Significance Of Branding Yourself: People don’t buy from companies; they buy from people. When people are buying from you, it is because they are buying into YOU — your expertise, and because they like you (the reason why doesn’t matter). Understanding that it is you they are buying into is a key concept you need to understand.
2. How To Market Your MLM Business “Insider Tactic” #2 – Create Your Internet Presence: Don’t start out by blogging or setting Squidoo lenses or throwing YouTube videos out there. The very first thing that you should do which is “mission critical” to your success, is to create a squeeze page. That page should not make any mention of your company, but should be a really basic page talking about the benefits that your product provides. Keep it simple — just a headline, a few bullets and a place to collect their information.
3. How To Market Your MLM Business “Insider Tactic” #3 – Create And Build A Relationship With Your List: Once you have started to collect names via your squeeze page, you need to create and build a relationship with those prospects who have opted into your list. This phase is critical. Your strategy in doing this — and the most important thing to do at this stage — is to share your content and your expertise without expectation and free of charge.
4. How To Market Your MLM Business “Insider Tactic” #4 – Monetize Your List Without Damaging Your Relationship With them: After you have an established relationship with your list, now comes the money-making phase. This is where you offer products and solutions to their problems. This can be done in a number of ways — teleconferences, webinars, providing actual links in the emails you send them, or invite them to call you for a consultation. This is the phase where you begin generating real revenues for your business.
A big key in terms of how to market your MLM business this way is to understand one really important thing that you need to keep in mind during all these phases — but particularly during the 4th one. The 4th phase will not be effective if the first three phases have not first been adequately addressed.
When you are in phase 4, you want to be sure that in everything you offer to your list to make money, that you always intertwine it with relevant and meaningful content. For example, if you have an hour long webinar you will want to divide it up so that something like 40 minutes of it is good and meaningful content, while just 20 minutes of it is pitching them something.
The objective is that whether or not they decide to buy anything, that they still walk away feeling like you gave them good information (because that is how you keep your relationship with your list in tact). The last thing you ever want your list to feel like is that every time they receive something you they will be asked to take out their wallet (with nothing else included). This will destroy your relationship with your list faster than anything else.
If you’re looking for additional steps and insider tactics for how to market your MLM business, and to grab my FREE REPORT titled: “How To Create YOUR First 6-Figure Month In Network Marketing,” click on the link above.
There are dozens of places that a small business can spend money on advertising. It has been demonstrated by the SBA (Small Business Administration) that on-premise outdoor advertising is the least expensive, most effective method to generate more walk-in customers.
Is your business signage doing the job? Ask yourself the following questions to check your advertising IQ:
Some business people spend more money on a cash register to keep their money in than a good sign to pull people in to fill it! Doesn’t make sense, does it?
You don’t buy a ¼ inch drill bit because you want a drill bit, you want a ¼ inch hole! You don’t buy a sign because you want a sign, you want more customers, right?
Do you think this sign could hurt your business? Well then, what’s the only other thing it could do? Help your business, right?
The world of packaging is a multimillion dollar business. Most of the products you sell are packaged to sell, right? The most important package for your entire business is the front of your store! It’s the first thing your customers see and it must convince them to stop in and buy! A new sign makes the best package you could have!
Most investors feel that getting their money back in 7 years is a good investment. Most businesses that purchase a new outdoor sign get their money back in a few weeks! That’s smart investing isn’t it?
It would be great if you could go out in the middle of the street and personally invite people into your business, wouldn’t it? First of all, you don’t have time and secondly, you might get run over! The next best thing is to invite them in with a sign. Is your signage communicating with your customer visually!
Can you imagine going to a major league baseball game, getting out on the pitcher’s mound during the 7th inning stretch and telling 50,000 fans about your business? Would that improve your business? Well right now, you have over 50,000 people every few days passing less than 50 feet from your front door! They are all potential customers of yours! But first, you have to tell ’em what you have before you can sell ’em!
If your landlord came in today and made you this offer…”I need some cash right away…If you pay me $5,000 now, I’ll allow you to stay here RENT FREE for the next 10 years!”… Would you do it? That’s exactly what a good outdoor sign will do for you! Make sense?
Let’s say that I want to go to work for you…before you say yes or no, let me tell you my qualifications. I’ll work 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year for the next 10 years. You don’t have to pay unemployment taxes or any fringe benefits. I’llbe the hardest working employee you’ve got! Would you pay me $300 a month for the next 36 months? That’s what the correct outdoor electric sign will do for you!
Where is the nearest McDonald’s from here? How about Holiday Inn? Where is Betty’s Ceramics? You see, you know where McDonald’s and Holiday Inn are, but not Betty’s Ceramics and they are on the same street! The only difference is their signs! That’s why successful franchises spend up to $50,000 for their signs, and 80% of a franchises customers are impulse do to the sign. The average McDonald’s locations get over 1800 customers per day. The sign pays for itself in 7 days! What would happen to your business if you had a larger sign out front?
People judge the inside of your business by how you look on the outside! If you could turn your business inside out and show people what you have in here, they would flock in… but you can’t. The next best thing is to get something out front that will show people what you do have on the inside! Does that make sense?
Some business people spend more money in monthly payments on a credit card terminal than a good sign to pull in those customers with the credit cards…doesn’t make sense, does it?
If you want people to come to your party, you have to send them an invitation right? The more invitations you send, the more people that show up! The same is true with your business, the more customers you invite in, the more sales you make! So, if you want their business, you have to ask for it! You have to make it easy for them to find you…without a good business sign. Is your sign the nicest invitation in town?
People like to go where the action is. Nobody likes to go to a slow business! Have you ever gone into a restaurant at lunch time and you were the only person there? Makes you wonder why, right? The right business sign will create customer traffic…it will create lots of activity and excitement! That’s what you want, isn’t it?
If you came to work one morning and saw two guys out in front of your business building a large brick wall that would hide your business from the people passing by…what would you do? Probably send them away and tear down the brick wall, right? You don’t want anything hiding your business! Unfortunately, you have that situation right now. There is a brick wall is the front of your business, your storefront. All your products and services are hidden behind the front wall. You need to do something to get those products on the other side of the wall where you customers can see them. Does your outdoor advertising have a large logo or graphic that instantly describes your products?
Some small business spend more money on signs advertising “going out of business” than they spend on signs while in business…and wonder what happened?
Your business is located on the banks of a money stream! You have thousands of dollars flowing past your front door! All you have to do is bait your hook and keep it in the middle of the money stream! A highly visible outdoor business sign will catch more customers than any other bait on the market!
A good outdoor image can increase the value of your location without increasing your rent one thin dime!
Your business will never stay the same. It will either go up… or out. No business remains static. If you think a sign will help your business…EVEN A LITTLE BIT…then by all means, buy one!
First things first: Singapore has a foreigner-friendly business environment which means only positive things for those venturing out from their home country to seek personal success, financial gain and a booming economy. Singapore has a corrupt-free environment, skilled workforce and easily accessible location making it the ideal spot for a small business to conduct regional and international business affairs. As foreigners take up over 42% of their overall population, there’s not much room to doubt whether or not the country supports foreign business success. The question is, how? So that foreigners can maximize their small or midsized business, here is an easy to read, no-nonsense guide to the advantages of Singapore’s business environment for foreigners.
Whether you’re home country is the USA, England or Australia, there will be many cultural and legal aspects of conducting business for foreigners that have never before been applied. Secondly, you must prepare for the worst and expect the best. With a booming economy and supportive government, Singapore is a thriving environment for businesses as long as you first prepare the legal documents and register in due time. Thirdly, it’s important to invest some time in the nature of their culture. Once you have a firm understanding of their business environment, you have confidence that the Singapore environment is just what you need for your small or midsized business to succeed.
Singapore’s biggest industries of wealth and growth include chemicals, ship repairs, oil-drilling equipment and life sciences. There are eight airports in the country, a train service linking Singapore to Thailand and Malaysia and Singapore has the largest port in the world. The Singapore government is cooperative and encouraging to foreigners conducting business inside and outside of its country by offering lower tax rates and flexible five year renewable work visas. For those businesses conducting entrepreneur affairs from outside of Singapore, the corporate tax rate is a low 10% (as opposed to the higher rate of 17%). For business owners conducting business inside of Singapore, there is a reduced corporate tax rate of 10% as well. Most of all, Singapore’s government is encouraging and accepting to foreigners by instating a corrupt-free and open business culture, with plenty of opportunity to expand your sights and ambitions as far as they will go. When starting a business in a foreign country, the most important ingredient is how accepting their governing body will be, and by starting your foreign business in Singapore, they’ve got you covered.
The world of business has grown to become a global economic venture. Professionals work to produce high quality products and communication by using the knowledge they obtained through higher education. Students that are interested in becoming business professionals have several degree levels and concentrations to choose from.
The skills acquired through training are beneficial to all students, even students that apply education to careers outside of the business industry. The principles can be applied to almost any field by preparing students to become reliable and intelligent professionals. Colleges offer students the chance to work through programs at every degree level. Several concentrations can be completed allowing students to focus their training to fit their career goals. Colleges offer programs in areas such as:
This is a limited list of what programs can be completed. Students should research the variety of programs offered and what educational expectations exist for job placement. Some careers, especially leadership positions require students to complete graduate degree programs. Students can work directly through all required levels or gain an undergraduate degree and work for a couple of years. This gives them time to develop professional experience that they can practically apply to education at the graduate degree level.
Working to complete an associate’s degree program is often a basic step to transitioning into a bachelor’s degree program. This is done because most business careers require students to have bachelor’s degrees. A program for business administration, for example, trains students to develop an understanding in management theory, computer technology, and accounting. Courses teach students to take concepts in areas such as microeconomics and financial reporting and apply them to the business world. This is best carried out when students step inside the industry and obtain jobs working for retail, nonprofit, and small businesses.
Entry-level positions in all areas of the field can be entered when students complete bachelor’s degree programs. Training encompasses major key principles like management, accounting, business law, international business, and human resource management education. The focus of this wide range of knowledge is to prepare students for their specializations and careers. The standard curriculum no matter what specialization is chosen requires students to demonstrate the relationships between quantitative theory, economy, accounting, marketing, and human resource management. The successful completion of a program gives students the ability to plan, staff, organize, manage, and direct several areas of a business inside the professional workforce. Further education usually reflects the chosen specialization of students or they can choose one if they worked through general business programs.
Advanced training at the graduate level is offered inside master of business administration or doctoral level degree programs. Students study several areas, which may include courses in advertising, management, leadership, customer relationship, acquisition, and more. Depending on the concentration students learn what is expected inside executive and managerial positions.
Accredited business training provides students with a plethora of educational opportunities and career choices. Students can begin their training by enrolling in colleges that offer the programs they are interested in. Agencies like the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business ( http://www.aacsb.edu/ ) can fully accredited the best quality career training programs. Complete a degree program and become a valuable business professional.
DISCLAIMER: Above is a GENERIC OUTLINE and may or may not depict precise methods, courses and/or focuses related to ANY ONE specific school(s) that may or may not be advertised at PETAP.org.
Notice to Publishers: You may use this article on Ezine or on your Website; however, ALL links must remain intact and active. Failure to retain links is expressly prohibited and violators will be prosecuted extensively by law.
We use cookies to give you the best online experience. By using our website you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy.
– Greeting my visitor, in this occasion I’ll provide you with concerning brake caliper mounting bracket.
brake mounting brackets description new zinc plated disc brake caliper bracket use these disc brake caliper mounting brackets to mount gm single piston calipers to early gm disc brake calipers & mounting brackets mizu shop brakes brake calipers & mounting brackets mizu motorbike parts and marineproducts caliper mounting bolts carlson quality brake parts proven quality carlson’s new aftermarket caliper mounting bolts cover 150 million vehicles the brand you trust is proud to introduce a new addition to disc brake caliper mounting bracket and spacer configurations disc brake caliper mounting bracket and spacer configurations use the chart below to identify the parts you intend to use then reference the chart on the amazon brake caliper mounting bracket automotive line shopping from a great selection at automotive store brake caliper mounting bolt find great deals on ebay for brake caliper mounting bolt shop with confidence best brake caliper bracket front parts for cars trucks equip cars trucks & suvs with brake caliper bracket front from autozone get yours today we know our parts and products disc brake caliper mounting bracket and spacer configuration the fork and frame mounting specification is determined by the fork frame manufacturer and is not a reference to the rotor size consult your brake caliper mounting bracket find great deals on ebay for brake caliper mounting bracket in caliper parts shop with confidence caliper mounting bracket right leed brakes use our caliper mounting bracket to mount gm single piston calipers to early gm afx body disc brake spindles purchase this zinc plated right side bracket
With a breakpoint of approximately 8,100 lb (3674 kg) for 1/2" (13 mm), this rope is available in lengths of 164' (50m), 328' (100m), 492' (150m) and 656' (200m). (Special lengths are available on special order). It features double-braid construction for durability and low-stretch properties for safety. Its low cost and abrasion resistance make it a good choice for use with the Portable Winch when it is subject to friction and heat.
I found this on the Baileys Online website, http://www.baileysonline.com. I thought you might be interested in seeing it for yourself. Please click on the following link to view the page:
had to do a lot of research to find the recommended type of rope for the Honda powered capstan winch. Info wasn't available through Bailey's website. Double braided poly seems to be more abrasion resistant than the triple twisted nylon I had been using. The poly grips the capstan better.
Bailey's is committed to keeping our site compliant with the American with Disabilities Act. We welcome any feedback or requests on how to
improve this site’s assessibilty for all users. It is our goal to develop a website that is accessible to everyone!
Elegant glass manta ray signed Pino Sequretto. Perfect as a table center piece or decoration for your home or office.
(4) Using screwdriver and wrench, secure the two push-pull control wire ends to the actuator rod with two screws
(2) Check that plate nuts are not loose, broken, or missing. Replace them if they are missing or broken.
Dedicated to all,who contributed to make Prasar Bharati of today. We want to share and celebrate our precious moments,small happinesses and thoughts & come closer. Do mail at pbparivar@gmail.com - text and pictures of what new you,your family or yr. friends have done,any social news, results/ employment/marriage of kids, retirements at, transfer, joining,innovative work, program, technology.....But No politiking, No criticisms, No Controversies please. we will wait for yr mail.....
Membership of PB Parivar is open. It is Free. Any former or present employee (all categories, regular, Contractual, Guest), every one connected with AIR & DD can become member & contribute to increase positivity.
How can u help Can inform others to join, Can write for betterment of AIR / DD, Can form local AIR/ DD clubs / Listner Forums
Suggestions/Message Every employee should see every day after HIS / HER duty, that What was the out put he contributed to the nation.(through AIR/DD).
I was retired from Diretorate on 31.3.2010 as DDP(PP&D).Nw Iam working as Consultant in the same department.In 2005 I was Station Director ,A.I.R.ROHTAK(HARYANA)
How can u help Can inform others to join, Can write for betterment of AIR / DD, Can contribute to the blog by authoring stories, Others as listed below
I have convened a national symposium ''AKASHVANI: Then & Now' in Mangalore in which people from ALL walks of life participated. Students of various journalism institutes also attended. VVIPs shared the stage including ho'MPs, Respected Member[P] of PB and many intelectuals. The event hit the headlines of the news papers across the state and was a face-lift for the department.Members of various assn from different states also attended.
It is very good idea that this blog has been created. An employee can share his thoughts and will see about his collegues as well. It is very good attempt to share information with each other.
I wish all our colleagues who are retiring this month, a very happy, long and peaceful retired life. Especially, I was fortunate to be associated with Mr. Kaul & Ramachandran, two wonderful human beings and dedicated workers. I wish that you will definitely enjoy your retired period as all of us, your seniors, are doing.
You have started a good system. Retiring officers will feel that the people in the organisation are behind them. There is a very queer feeling at retirement but this will give them some strength. My Best Wishes to all the retiring officers.
BL Kaul, S. Ramachandran, Neelam Taneja, SK Gangopadhyaya, NK Kalavathi, KT Kamble, PE Pachu, Sureh Idanani, Dolly Thomas, KS Patil are retiring from AIR & DD on 31.03.2012. These officers have given 30-35 years of their prime life to the organization and their contributions have helped AIR and Doordarshan stand as proud public broadcasters of the country. We salute these officers for their services to the organization and wish them a happy retired life.
Brief details of these officers along with their contact numbers are given below, so as to enable interested individuals contact them and wish them on this occasion.
This list is incomplete as it is due to the effort of a single person. Information about other retiring officers ( of all grades and disciplines) may be added on the blog.
We invite individuals to add the information or share their feelings on the blog, which can be done by
2. Mailing your views / material / photos etc to avsmanch@gmail.com which will be posted / uploaded on the blog
Sh. BL Kaul is superannuating from service on 31.03.2012 as Additional Director General(E) (EZ)(CDC), Kolkata. An electronics engineering graduate from IIT, Kharagpur, Sh. Kaul served BARC, Mumbai and FTII, Pune before joining AIR as UPSC Direct recruit ASE in 1983. There after Sh. Kaul has served at various AIR & DDK installations including Doordarshan Indore, CP&S, Delhi, O/o ADG(E_NZ), Delhi. Shri Kaul is one of the upright and respected officer of Doordarshan. His contact no. is 09810124899.
Sh. S. Ramachandran is superannuating from service on 31.03.2012 as Director(E) from o/o ADG(E)(SZ), Chennai. After joining as EA at AIR Hyderabad, He has rendered useful services in various capacities at AIR Chennai, O/o ADG(SZ), Chennai, O/o CE(EZ), Kolkata, Research Department, Delhi, HPT, Avadi, and O/o ADG(NEZ), Guwahati. Sh. Ramachandran has got many outstanding works to his credit. Dynamic Carrier Control is one such project of R&D, which saved lot’s of energy at High power transmitters. After retirement Ramachandran will be settling at Chennai. His contact no is 09444753935 and email is ram_psundaram@hotmail.com
Smt. Neelam Taneja is superannuating from service on 31.03.2012 as AE from o/o ADG(E)(NZ). She has rendered useful services at Broadcasting House Delhi, Research Deptt, AIR & DD, Delhi, P&D unit, AIR, Delhi and O/o ADGE(NZ), Delhi. After retirement she will be settling at pitampura delhi. Her contact details are 09818943180 and email is neelam@air.org.in
Sh. SK Gangopadhyaya is superannuating from service on 31.03.2012 as AE from o/o ADG(E)(EZ). After joining at AIR Ranchi in 1976,He has rendered useful services at AIR Silchar, Itanagar, SPT Chinsurah and O/o ADGE(EZ), Kolkata. After retirement he will be settling at Howrah. His contact no is 09433608055 and email is somg.ganguly@rediffmail.com
Smt. NK Kalavathi is superannuating from service on 31.03.2012 as PEx from AIR Calicut, where she was looking after women’s program and Youth program. Joining as Production Assistant at Calicut in 1979, She has rendered useful services at AIR Thiruvathapuram, Kochi, Thrishur and Calicut. After retirement she will be settling at Calicut. Her contact details are 09446485507 and email is kala2810@gmail.com
Sh. KT Kamble is superannuating from service on 31.03.2012 as AE from AIR Aurangabad. After joining at AIR Rajkot in 1975, He has rendered useful services at AIR Jalgaon, Parabhani, Akola, Nagpur, Ahmednagar, Ahwa dang and O/o ADGE(WZ), Mumbai. After retirement he will be settling at Aurangabad. His contact no is 09850150273.
Sh. PE Pachu is superannuating from service on 31.03.2012 as PEX from AIR Thrissur, Kerala. After joining at AIR Calicut, He has rendered 33 years of useful services at AIR Cochin, Devikulam and Thrissur. His contact no is 09447251659.
Sh. Sureh Idanani is superannuating from service on 31.03.2012 as AE from DK, Delhi. After joining at AIR Jodhpur in 1974,He has rendered useful services at DDK Delhi, DDK Jaipur, DDK Srinagar and Doordarshan Directorate, Delhi. Sh. Adnani has been a known expert of OBs and was associated with many prestigious events including ASIAD.. After retirement he will be settling at Jankpuri, N. Delhi. His contact no is 09868817554 and email is sureshidanani2003@yahoo.com
Smt. Dolly Thomas is superannuating from service on 31.03.2012 as PEx from FM Manjeri, Kerala, where she was looking after commercial broadcast service. Joining as Production Assistant at Calicut in 1977, She has rendered useful services at AIR Thiruvathapuram, and FM Manjeri. Her contact details are 0984680542 and email is dollyandlees@hotmail.com
Sh. KS Patil is superannuating from service on 31.03.2012 as AE from VBS, AIR, Mumbai. After joining at AIR Indore in 1975, He has rendered useful services at AIR Nagpur, HPT Malad, Surat, Vividh Bharati Services, Mumbai and O/o ADGE(NEZ), Guwahati. After retirement he will be settling at Mumbai. His contact no is 09869454894 and email is ks_patil2005@yahoo.com
How can u help Can inform others to join, Can write for betterment of AIR / DD, Can contribute to the blog by authoring stories
[phpBB Debug] PHP Notice: in file /includes/functions.php on line 4185: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /includes/functions.php:3493)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Notice: in file /includes/functions.php on line 4187: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /includes/functions.php:3493)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Notice: in file /includes/functions.php on line 4188: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /includes/functions.php:3493)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Notice: in file /includes/functions.php on line 4189: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /includes/functions.php:3493)
Do you know how a great job and a good one differ? No, the reasons are not a salary, not traveling benefits. Great jobs have much more requirements than good. And they always require from you to be outstanding. The best way to display the executive that you are outstanding is to write him an impressive personal statement. This is also the most guaranteed ways to be accepted to several colleges and universities and to become eligible for scholarships. Most applicants write them by themselves, but the quality of such essays is often poor and makes it lie in the bottom of a heap of such statements with no chances to be accepted. Do you wonder for your personal statement to be outstanding and to guarantee your acceptance to the job you want? We recommend you to use our help with personal statement writing.
The key reasons, why employers require managing personal statements is not because they desire to assess your achievements and qualifications. They’ve already seen that in your CV! So, is it the waste of time and paper? Absolutely, not! They want to know you more. They want to know, which qualities of character you possess and what your main objectives to work on them are. They also assess your grammar to decide, how attentive you are to minutiae. So, there are several guidelines for worker’s personal statement to be outstanding:
Overwhelming motivation to work as tough as you can to meet company’s objectives and an immense confidence that you fit your desired position more than other applicants.
Are you sure that you can manage such assignment? If not, why not to exploit qualified help with personal statement writing. Professional writers, who do it, know all the secrets on how to make such professional statement an outstanding one. The main concern is that sometimes they demand large fees to be disbursed for their services, suggesting, that we will return them from the first salary. Do you need to know, how to obtain a quality personal statement and pay not much money for it? We’re able to tell you how and we will certainly tell you this secret.
We don’t want to recommend you non-native sources, which prices are low like the quality of provided works. We do recommend you to order your personal statements to be written by professional writers from the assignmenthelp24.com. We are those, who guarantee you an advanced quality of assignments for really cheap prices. You will also get considerable benefits from having your personal statements written by our writers:
Guaranteed advanced quality provided by qualified and experienced writers with native level of English proficiency;
We also guarantee that if you need some details in your assignment to be revised – you will get it for free, we are responsible for the quality of provided work. So, are you dreaming to commence your career in the company of your dream? Do you dream to become eligible to study at MIT or Harvard? Join our help with personal statement writing and our services will help you to reach what you have wondered about.
It is possible to assert the tax withheld in mistake as a withholding credit history on your tax return if the quantity isn’t altered via the payer.
It is possible to be bodily existing in a very international nation or nations around the world for less than 330 whole days and nevertheless meet the physical existence exam In case you are necessary to leave a rustic as a consequence of war or civil unrest. See
Typically, you happen to be thought of to get earned revenue from the calendar year wherein you do the function for which you receive the money, Even though you operate in a single 12 months but usually are not paid out until eventually the next calendar year. For those who report your revenue on a cash basis, you report the earnings on your return for that 12 months you get it.
Larry Smith, a U.S. citizen residing in Australia, owns and operates a rooming property in Sydney. If he is functioning the rooming property as a business that needs funds and personal services, he can look at as many as 30% of Web rental income as gained income.
You are employed on an offshore oil rig while in the territorial waters of the foreign place and work a 28-working day on/28-working day off schedule. You return to Your loved ones home within the United States throughout your off intervals.
You normally can not get an extension of a lot more than 6 months. Having said that, if you are outdoors the United States and fulfill specified demands, you may be able to get an extended extension.
Cost-of-dwelling and international-location allowances paid underneath specific acts of Congress to U.S. civilian officers and staff stationed in Alaska and Hawaii or in other places outside the house the 48 contiguous states and also the District of Columbia may be excluded from gross income.
If you progress involving international nations around the world, any shifting cost reimbursement that you just must contain in revenue will be regarded attained while in the year with the shift for those who qualify for that overseas acquired income exclusion to get a period of time that includes no less than a hundred and twenty days during the year with the go.
If none within your housing quantity is considered paid for with employer-offered quantities, which include when all your revenue is from self-work, you are able to deduct your housing sum, issue on the Restrict official website described later.
When you declare the overseas attained money exclusion, you don’t qualify with the acquired money credit rating for your calendar year. For more info on this credit rating, see Pub. 596.
See Pub. 519 to see For anyone who is a U.S. resident alien for tax needs and whether or not you keep that alien standing whenever you temporarily do the job abroad.
You happen to be compensated two times a month. For the normal payroll period of time that begins on the main on the thirty day period and finishes to the fifteenth of the month, you are paid on the sixteenth working day of the thirty day period.
As an alternative, use one among the next Specific addresses. If you are not enclosing a Look at or cash purchase, file your return Along with the:
For purposes of pinpointing whether or not you will need to file a return, gross income incorporates any profits you could exclude as overseas earned cash flow or as being a international housing total.
The cover for Book 3 of the Abby Kane Trilogy is now completed by my very fantastic cover artist/illustrator WillowRaven! Check it out for yourself below, then head over and grab a coupon for 10% off your own cover art here!
To get detailed information about the prices, please contact sales managers of HAUS-KONZEPT Sodruzhestvo..
Ann Dawe dreamt up ideas for the home back in 1967...bright 60's colours, bold patterns and innovative kitchen napery emerged from her own kitchen table, all those years ago. Gradually over the years, Ann explored new niche markets so that Annabel Trends has become what it is today - a family company dedicated to supplying the marketplace with giftware that sets trends, with strengths in design, colour, practicality and presentation.
In 2006, Ann’s daughter Sally relocated Annabel Trends from Melbourne to the Gold Coast in Queensland. It is here at the Burleigh Heads factory that a large proportion of the giftware is made and assembled. Fabrics, ribbons, packaging and products are sourced all over the world. Although Annabel Trends' began with kitchen napery, which is still a strong line for the company today, other product categories emerged: garden gifts, scented therapeutic and soothing products, travel accessories, spa and pamper products, bath and body products, baby gifts, and decorative home wares. Ann continues to do what she is passionate about most – scouring the world for the latest trends and innovations, in order to develop exciting new products.
The perfect accessory for your dog. Hand made in Australia, in our gorgeous range of fabrics. So no matter what your puppies personality, there is a design to suit!
Questions? Comments? Can’t make up your mind on a collar colour and want a second opinion? We want to hear from you! Please fill in the form below and we'll get back to you as soon as possible.
EMS ESOTERIC MUSASHI Rolex じつは腹筋くん やわらか湯たんぽ アテックス アミノ酸ナイトダイエット インスパイリングダイエット インターパンチ ウイダー エアロバイク エアロビガール エアロライフ エソテリック オムニ オーラ岩盤浴マット カイゲン カートリッジ コアビクサー コンビ スライブ スライヴ スーパーワイドフラッシュ ツカモトエイム ネックレス ヒップスカイトレーナー ビワミン ピュアフィット フジカ プライム プレミアム ヘルシーキューピー マッスルフィットプロテイン ムサシ ヤクルト ヤーマン ライト ロレックス 家庭用 玄米酵素ハイゲンキ 美顔器 足用 飲むヒアルロン酸 飲んでチョーキレイ
Top Notch takes students from CEF A1 to B1+ (20 – 59 on the Global Scale of English). With , the course takes students to C1.
Foyer Entryway Ideas - This is the latest information about Foyer Entryway Ideas, this information can be your reference when you are confused to choose the right design for your home.
Foyer Entryway Ideas. Here are a number of highest rated Foyer Entryway Ideas pictures on internet. We identified it from trustworthy source. Its submitted by management in the best field. We take this kind of Foyer Entryway Ideas graphic could possibly be the most trending subject taking into account we part it in google help or facebook.
Interior, Best Modern Dining Rooms was posted June on this site by Aridaz.com. More over Best Modern Dining Rooms has viewed by 4130 visitor.
Interior, Small Full Bath Designs was posted June on this site by Aridaz.com. More over Small Full Bath Designs has viewed by 9155 visitor.
Interior, Bathroom Ideas Red was posted June on this site by Aridaz.com. More over Bathroom Ideas Red has viewed by 13298 visitor.
Interior, Interior Design University was posted June on this site by Aridaz.com. More over Interior Design University has viewed by 56759 visitor.
Interior, Cover Tile Floor was posted June on this site by Aridaz.com. More over Cover Tile Floor has viewed by 22012 visitor.
Interior, Landscape Plan was posted June on this site by Aridaz.com. More over Landscape Plan has viewed by 23480 visitor.
Interior, Dining Set Decoration was posted June on this site by Aridaz.com. More over Dining Set Decoration has viewed by 71698 visitor.
Interior, Kitchen Cabinets Height was posted June on this site by Aridaz.com. More over Kitchen Cabinets Height has viewed by 27398 visitor.
Interior, Courtyard House Plans was posted June on this site by Aridaz.com. More over Courtyard House Plans has viewed by 49030 visitor.
Interior, Small House Floor Plans was posted June on this site by Aridaz.com. More over Small House Floor Plans has viewed by 98667 visitor.
If these notes contain errors, or if you have is suggestions for improvements or additions, please e-mail text to Julian Bewick
Register Today! Discuss National Football League scores, news, and team information. From combines, draft day, and the opening kick-off, this will be your go-to forum of insight and details of the NFL. Follow your favorite NFC or AFC teams and players to the Super bowl.
Preview a few selected items online now. See all items and bid offline during the festival in February.
Select a category, or All categories to view items. Bids shown are the expected starting bids. Click on item name for detailed info.
Australian farm enterprises have much going for them; management skills honed to the local conditions, robust and transparent markets, constant new technology and innovation upgrades and a relatively stable political climate.
The challenge is capital funding, especially funding to grow the business. The good news is that there is plenty of capital around; the challenge is how do farmers access this capital.
Topics: peer to peer lending, agriculture debt, crowdfunding, disruptive finance, financing, p2p lending
In the last few years there has a been an upsurge in ‘disruptive’ business models revolutionising the way we live. The biggest examples of this disruption has been in the taxi industry (Uber), travel accommodation (Airbnb) and project financing (crowd funding).
In this article we are going to look at three alternative financing models emerging in agriculture which may disrupt the traditional avenues for revenue raising in the coming years. It is regularly pronounced that Australia is going from the ‘mining boom’ to ‘dining boom’. However, the opportunities for small scale investors have been limited; will new models solve this?
Topics: financing, crowdfunding, agriculture debt, p2p lending, peer to peer lending, fractional investment, disruptive finance
As part of the Ruralco network, Mecardo are strong advocates of the work conducted by crisis support and suicide prevention charity Lifeline Australia. Since 2015 Ruralco have had a corporate partnership with Lifeline, engaging in a number of initiatives to support Lifeline in assisting those in rural areas who are in crisis.
In a new initiative the two organisations are rolling out the first nation-wide survey into how rural communities and farmers cope with life’s difficulties, the Farmers and Rural Communities Survey.
Our myographs are designed for the study of microvessels with diameters between 100 µm and 3 mm, and maximum length of 3.5 mm.
The small vessels are mounted between two tungsten wires fixed to two supports. One support is removable, so vessels can be mounted outside of the bath.
As an alternative, we offer one (myo1) or two (myo2) independent baths, equipped with drain hole and frit glass bubbler to provide oxygenation and mixing of liquids.
two tubes per bath, one to bring physiological liquid (pushed by carbogen) and the other to control liquid level (excess drawn by vacuum source). Physiological liquid is heated in a coil.
Lady Trainers To Go did a wonderful job at pairing me up with my Plano personal trainer. She is a perfect match for my personality! I love the fact that my trainer constantly challenges me to push harder each workout. By doing so, I am getting stronger, seeing faster results and feeling more confident. Overall, […]
I love working out with my personal trainer Plano! For so long, I wanted to get a trainer. I had tried everything to get in shape, but I couldn’t stick with it. I joined a gym, but never went. I bought a treadmill, an exercise bike and just about every other contraption I could find. […]
Aspen fishing experiences with guided fly fishing on the Frying Pan Roaring Fork and Colorado rivers. Great winter fly fishing. The best in G Loomis Fly Rods in Hardy Fly Rods in Mystic Fly Rods and in Hardy Fly reels. Fishing supplies and equipment needs mystic rods, in, hardy rods and hardy reels.
For your other Colorado fishing needs cheap fishing tackle store for fly fishing supplies, freshwater fishing lures fly fishing gear and fly fishing supplies as well as tasmanian devil fishing lures. The South Platte Fly Shop for great south platte fly fishing and denver fly fishing.
If you inadvertently overstay, go immediately to the immigration officer at the airport once you realize it and explain the circumstances.
A contrast effect is the enhancement or diminishment, relative to normal, of perception, cognition and related performance as a result of immediately previous or simultaneous exposure to a stimulus of lesser or greater value in the same dimension.
Have you ever entered a movie theater on a sunny afternoon? The room probably appeared completely dark but as your visual system adjusted to the reduced level of light you were able to see better after a few moments. This "adaptation mechanism" allows our eyes to recover from an oversensitivity to a particular stimuli. "Chromatic adaptation" occurs when our eyes adjust to certain color stimuli. Follow the instructions below and see how the visual system responds to a color overload.
Instructions: Fixate upon the black spot in between the uniform cyan and yellow areas for about 30 seconds. Then scroll down and shift your gaze to the black spot in the 2nd image. Note that the image of the seaplane appears approximately uniform after this adaptation.
This is an example of "successive contrast". This occurs when the perception of currently viewed test field is modulated by previously viewed test field.
One more example - Stare at the two colored circles on the top row for a few seconds and then shift your attention to the two circles in the bottom row.
"Simultaneous contrast" refers to the manner in which the colors of two different objects affect each other.
Colors often appear brighter and more vibrant when they are bordered by frames. Black lines are commonly used to enhance colors in applications like stained glass. This tactic creates a certain effect, as shown below, and prevents color clashing. Notice that the drawing on the left colors appear significantly brighter and pure.
When a tree fall is the forest and no one is around does it still make a sound? Well yes it does as the physical property of the breaking creates the acoustics and noise as sound. However if the is a beautiful red sunset and no one is around to view it Â– is it still red? Well the answer is yes and no! The electromagnetic properties of the light will be present but color is a perception and uses the viewer to produce the color.
In the image here, the two inner squares are exactly the same shade, but they appear to have different shades due to the background provided by the outer squares.
Both gray areas are of the same shade and intensity. Place a vertical pencil at the center of the picture on the left. Do the sides of the gray circle appear the same?
Lambics at Beers of the World, Rochester, NY | Beer Lens | Photos of beer, pubs and breweries from around the world
• We will use raised fund to install 5G (more than 1m2 glass) sputter equipment and operations of company for 1 year or more.
• In this period, we will focus on develop products with several customer (some of them already connected) and some small products like auto-dimming mirror will be sold to automotive company.
• Company also prepare for the next round investment which is to enter the smart window business (for vehicle and for building)
2 persons who have more than 10 years experience on display, solar-cell business in LG and Samsung, founded together to achieve full solid state, inorganic electrochromic device manufacturing technology on 29. Feb. 2016. We prepared 3 years before foundation to see the feasibility of business and to check the possibility of technology. Several experiments are made in this time to get the confidence of technology.
We established the newly developed electro-chromic technology with the help of vacuum deposition technology used on semi-conductor or display business. And our products composited with full solid state, inorganic material to accomplish long life time and small energy consumption.
We already have several registered patents and know-hows for our unique structures, materials and manufacturing technology. Now we have small size of research FAB in Korea and 9 employees.
This clip shows how fast change it's color when the full solid state and inorganic electro-chromic manufacturing technology is applied.
With the vacuum deposition technology, we can manufacture smart window not only for the flat glass but for the curved glass and flexible film also possible.
Now we can achieve transmittance control less than 2% when it is dark and more than 60% when it is bleached but this range will be extended in near future
We provide a Bridge for Social Good, Impact Investments, Sustainable Productivity, Advanced Intelligence Data, and Public Private Partnerships. It is our mission to bring Liberty and Prosperity for All Women and Children, through Productive, Intelligently Automated, Regeneratively Managed Interconnected Society with Predictive Resource Sharing to ensure Unlimited Investment Resource Availability at any time, anywhere.
Contacts without Beginning accounts will receive and email or your user account will send a public post message and thus who has will automatically added as interest. Facebook and LinkedIn not yet implemented as there is a technical problem.
A memorial at White Haven Memorial Park that recognizes the loss by families when a service member dies.
Stuttgart/Kamenz , Nov 6, 2018 - The Daimler AG is putting intensive work in the expansion of the global battery production network and is paving the way for the creation of a cross-divisional electro initiative. The wholly-owned Daimler subsidiary Accumotive at the Kamenz location in Germany will employ around 1.000 people until end of the year 2018.
São Bernardo do Campo , Oct 24, 2018 - Brazil's largest brewery and drinks supplier Cervejaria Ambev is making major enlargements to its fleet and has chosen trucks with the three-pointed star.
Top categories: Attorneys in Dover | Car Repair in Dover | Dentists in Dover | Employment Agencies in Dover | Jobs in Dover | Jobs in Spanish in Dover | Cleaning Jobs in Dover | Landscaping Jobs in Dover | Cell Phones in Dover | Auto Insurance in Dover | Cheap Cars in Dover | Cheap Used Cars in Dover | Used Cars in Dover | More Cars, Jobs and Coupons in Dover
If you want to accomplish repairs on your Ferrari D 50 then it is always a great idea to have a Workshop Manual to keep just for a guide should you need to know the best ways to strip off a specific part for example Drive Shaft and fit it again adequately.
Ferrari D 50 Workshop Manuals offers clear certain diagnostic details with regards to your car or truck so if something is wrong it can help you identify what the situation is and ways to resolve it. You can then evaluate if you can do this yourself or that the job is too big it is possible to make a reservation for your D 50 in with a trusted repair garage.
Best Match Time: ending soonest Time: newly listed Price: lowest first Price: highest first Price + Shipping: lowest first Price + Shipping: highest first
The logos and trademarks used on this site are the property of their respective owners. We are not responsible for comments posted by our users, as they are the property of the poster.
Where else in the Fraser Valley can you fly into your party on a private plane, walk into a nearly 5,000 square foot hangar or intimate mezzanine room that’s yours to style, and take in stunning views of Mount Baker?
Airside is out of the ordinary in every way. With heaps of natural light and an expansive hangar as your blank canvas, Airside transforms into the theme you’ve been dreaming about for an unforgettable event.
Located in a private hangar at the Abbotsford International Airport, your guests may know how to get here (by car or jet), but they have no idea how much fun they’re about to have.
With two spaces to suit your group and everything you could need under one roof, Airside is an ideal venue—whether you’re hosting a bridal shower or a large Christmas party.
Spend time on the things and people you love and leave the event tasks to us. Our experienced on-site logistics planner takes care of all the little venue details and provides day-of support to ensure your party or meeting is a hit.
Give your guests an unforgettable photo backdrop or make an entrance by flying in. Ask us for more information on our charter services on our 8-seat turboprop.
Our exclusive in-house catering partner is White Table Catering, one of the Fraser Valley’s most esteemed catering groups. While they offer a delectable range of menus to suit a spectrum of tastes and themes, they’ll also work with you to create a custom menu perfect for your event. Food and beverage service is booked separately with White Table.
We had the pleasure of bringing in the New Year at Airside Event Spaces and found it to be a wonderful venue for any type of celebration. Lots of parking, plenty of space and nicely appointed. Simply gorgeous!
A few months ago, I got to shoot Greg Isenberg's headshot - serial entrepreneur (he's sold 3 companies) and Founder and CEO of 5by, a mobile video app that was acquired by StumbleUpon. 5by just won a Webby Award earlier this week (it's like the Oscars of the internet) - congrats!
The Entire Hat Collection of Anita Loos Previously Owned by Lester Glassner. All items come with a Certificate of Authenticity. A Rare opportunity to own items from a Show Business Legend!
Just click on the photo at the left to take you to all the additional Anita Loos items. This completes the entire collection.
I'm still working on getting all the additional photos up on the website, but in the meantime.... this is least one photo of each piece with pricing.
Click on image for additional photos # 5237 - RARE c. 1960's BERGDORF GOODMAN Tiny Black Silk Floral Ball Hat Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! HOORAY!!! I found not one, but TWO photos of Anita Loos wearing the matching WHITE silk flower ball hat! It's hard to even call it a hat as it's a tiny little thing held on the head with two haircombs on either side. Ms. Loos had quite a few of these tiny mini hats, many from Bergdorf Goodman, so you will see more up on this website soon. But meanwhile... this is the next best thing to the "pièce de résistance" or "holy grail" of the hats I have of Ms. Loos BECAUSE of the photos of her in it! The white one was sold... this is the only other one exactly like this in black rather than white. I've been searching for other photos of Anita in the rest of the hats, but sadly there are so few photos of her found wearing any hats... and the few I have found were likely taken before this hat collection of hers was amassed. The fact that this style hat was shown on Ms. Loos' head that makes this SO incredibly special! Excellent condition. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
Click on image for additional photos # 5227 - RARE c. 1960's BERGDORF GOODMAN Tiny Gold Lame Straw Hat and Gold Netting Owned by ANITA LOOS! Anita Loos LOVED these tiny, barely there hats! Some people might call them Salesman Sample hats, or even doll hats, but from what I can gather, these were meant to be worn even though they look so small it's hard to believe. But from the photograph of Ms. Loos wearing the white flower tiny ball hat, these ARE real hats! Even the length of the veil is telling. Ms. Loos had quite a few of these tiny mini hats, many from Bergdorf Goodman. I've been searching for other photos of Anita in the rest of the hats, but sadly haven't found that many photos of Ms. Loos during this era. I'm lucky to have photos of Ms. Loos in the white floral tiny hat I got in this collection!! That hat has been SOLD. This one is a great gold lame straw (in the shape of a hat) with gold lame net veil. Would need a hat pin to hold on the head. Excellent condition except the veil has some breaks and the hat is curled at back. Not sure if it's supposed to be, or it needs to be steamed back out straight (as the others are straight). I'm leaving as is as I'm not sure what is correct, but LOVE gold lame straw!! This is how these tiny hats were worn in the 1939 Anita Loos' movie "The Women". Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
Click on image for additional photos # 5229 - RARE c. 1960's BERGDORF GOODMAN Tiny Natural Straw Hat with Black Velvet Trim and Netting Owned by ANITA LOOS! Anita Loos LOVED these tiny, barely there hats! Some people might call them Salesman Sample hats, or even doll hats, but from what I can gather, these were meant to be worn even though they look so small it's hard to believe. But from the photograph of Ms. Loos wearing the white flower tiny ball hat, these ARE real hats! Even the length of the veil is telling. Ms. Loos had quite a few of these tiny mini hats, many from Bergdorf Goodman. I've been searching for other photos of Anita in the rest of the hats, but sadly haven't found that many photos of Ms. Loos during this era. I'm lucky to have the TWO photos of Ms. Loos in the white floral tiny hat I got in this collection!! That hat has been SOLD. This one is a SWEET natural color straw hat (in the shape of a hat) with black velvet trim and black net veil. Would need a hat pin to hold on the head. Excellent condition. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
Click on image for additional photos # 5231 - RARE c. 1960's Tiny Natural Straw Hat with Black Velvet Trim Owned by ANITA LOOS! Anita Loos LOVED these tiny, barely there hats! Some people might call them Salesman Sample hats, or even doll hats, but from what I can gather, these were meant to be worn even though they look so small it's hard to believe. But from the photograph of Ms. Loos wearing the white flower tiny ball hat, these ARE real hats! Ms. Loos had quite a few of these tiny mini hats, many from Bergdorf Goodman. I've been searching for other photos of Anita in the rest of the hats, but sadly haven't found that many photos of Ms. Loos during this era. I'm lucky to have the TWO photos of Ms. Loos in the white floral tiny hat I got in this collection!! That hat has been SOLD. This one is a light natural color straw hat (in the shape of a hat) with thin black velvet trim. Very similar to the Bergdorf Goodman labeled hat above. Excellent condition except for the tiny elastic that needs replacing/re-attaching. This particular hat has a tiny elastic, which makes me wonder if this one really IS a salesman sample??? Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
Click on image for additional photos # 5232 - RARE c. 1960's Tiny Natural Straw Breton Hat with Wide Plaid Fabric Owned by ANITA LOOS! Anita Loos LOVED these tiny, barely there hats! Some people might call them Salesman Sample hats, or even doll hats, but from what I can gather, these were meant to be worn even though they look so small it's hard to believe. But from the photograph of Ms. Loos wearing the white flower tiny ball hat, these ARE real hats! Ms. Loos had quite a few of these tiny mini hats, many from Bergdorf Goodman. I've been searching for other photos of Anita in the rest of the hats, but sadly haven't found that many photos of Ms. Loos during this era. I'm lucky to have the TWO photos of Ms. Loos in the white floral tiny hat I got in this collection!! That hat has been SOLD. This one is a natural color straw hat (in the shape of a breton hat) with a wide plaid fabric band around crown. Would need a hat pin to hold on the head. Excellent condition. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5237 - RARE c. 1960's BERGDORF GOODMAN Tiny Silver Lame Ball Hat Owned and Owned by ANITA LOOS! I found not one, but TWO photos of Anita Loos wearing the similar style white silk flower ball hat! It's hard to even call it a hat as it's a tiny little thing held on the head with two haircombs on either side. Ms. Loos had quite a few of these tiny mini hats, many from Bergdorf Goodman. But meanwhile... I sold the white flower hat already, and these are from her same collection. I've been searching for other photos of Anita in the rest of the hats, but sadly there are so few photos of her found wearing any hats during this era. The fact that this style hat was shown on Ms. Loos' head that makes this SO incredibly special! Silver lame fabric gathered ball. Excellent condition. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
Click on image for additional photos # 5238 - RARE c. 1960's BERGDORF GOODMAN Tiny Black Mink Ball Hat Owned by ANITA LOOS! I found not one, but TWO photos of Anita Loos wearing the similar style white silk flower ball hat! It's hard to even call it a hat as it's a tiny little thing held on the head with two haircombs on either side. Ms. Loos had quite a few of these tiny mini hats, many from Bergdorf Goodman. But meanwhile... I sold the white flower hat already, and these are from her same collection. I've been searching for other photos of Anita in the rest of the hats, but sadly there are so few photos of her found wearing any hats during this era. The fact that this style hat was shown on Ms. Loos' head that makes this SO incredibly special! Black mink ball. Excellent condition. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
Click on image for additional photos # 5230 - RARE c. 1960's BERGDORF GOODMAN Tiny Natural Straw Hat with Black Velvet Trim and Netting Owned by ANITA LOOS! Anita Loos LOVED these tiny, barely there hats! Some people might call them Salesman Sample hats, or even doll hats, but from what I can gather, these were meant to be worn even though they look so small it's hard to believe. But from the photograph of Ms. Loos wearing the white flower tiny ball hat, these ARE real hats! Even the length of the veil is telling. Ms. Loos had quite a few of these tiny mini hats, many from Bergdorf Goodman. I've been searching for other photos of Anita in the rest of the hats, but sadly haven't found that many photos of Ms. Loos during this era. I'm lucky to have the TWO photos of Ms. Loos in the white floral tiny hat I got in this collection!! That hat has been SOLD. This one is a black straw hat (in the shape of a hat) with black satin trim and black net veil. Would need a hat pin to hold on the head. Excellent condition. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
Click on image for additional photos # 5228 - RARE c. 1960's BERGDORF GOODMAN Tiny Off-White Straw Hat and Brown Velvet Band and Partial Netting Owned by ANITA LOOS! Anita Loos LOVED these tiny, barely there hats! Some people might call them Salesman Sample hats, or even doll hats, but from what I can gather, these were meant to be worn even though they look so small it's hard to believe. But from the photograph of Ms. Loos wearing the white flower tiny ball hat, these ARE real hats! Even the length of the veil is telling. Ms. Loos had quite a few of these tiny mini hats, many from Bergdorf Goodman. I've been searching for other photos of Anita in the rest of the hats, but sadly haven't found that many photos of Ms. Loos during this era. I'm lucky to have the TWO photos of Ms. Loos in the white floral tiny hat I got in this collection!! That hat has been SOLD. This one is an off-white straw (in the shape of a hat) with brown velvet band and partial brown veil. Would need a hat pin to hold on the head. Excellent condition except the veil is nearly gone (certainly a new brown net can be used to replace) and the hat has a tendency to curl up a bit, but just needs a minor steaming. Leaving as found (as I like to do!) as this is how it came from Anita Loos' estate. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
Click on image for additional photos! # 5306 - c. 1940's Black Suede Cutwork, Braided and Beaded Gloves! Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! Wearable Size! Along with her hat collection, there were a few pairs of gloves and a few pair of shoes which were included in the estate package I purchased from the Anita Loos estate. To think you can wear the gloves that adorned Ms. Loos.... and all the history that goes along with that!! As you can see.... these are a wearable size (as opposed to some older gloves that are so tiny, they are useless). Marked size 7. Marked Nutine? She had a few pairs with the same marking... must have been a good brand. Excellent condition... but they were worn. 10" from tip to bottom. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
Click on image for additional photos! # 5224 - Original Hat Owned by ANITA LOOS! I hate to even put this hat up on the website without knowing more about it. As you know (and if you don't, read up on Ms. Loos), she was a part of the Hollywood community and this hat was certainly a costume piece... from something. The question is... from what? It's crazy tall off-white organdy on horsehair and stiff net base cone hat teeming with tiny roses and dangling rhinestones. A wonderful piece.... I just have to hope that someone out there knows what this is from. Most all Ms. Loos' hats are from the 1930's - 1950's, so I'm this this is as well. Excellent condition. As far as I know, this hat only had a two previous owners.... Anita Loos and the gentleman who was given her hat collection on her death.... oh, and then me... and then YOU! If you don't know who Anita Loos is, you should! Click on the link below! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anita_Loos Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
Click on image for additional photos! # 5261 - c. 1950's Magenta Satin High Heeled Mules Shoes Owned by ANITA LOOS! Anita's small 4.5 size... though due to the open back, I think you could go up to a size 6 with these! I'd love to say that these are in Excellent condition, but these do have wear and as you can see. But still, here's your chance to walk in Anita Loos' shoes... literally. These are very different from the 1930s oxford shoes below... but there are photos of Ms. Loos in these higher heels. Helpful when you are so short (I should know!).
Click on image for additional photos! # 5256 - c. 1930's SAKS FIFTH AVENUE Black Suede Cutout Shoes Owned by ANITA LOOS! Anita's small 4.5 size! I'd love to say that these are in Excellent condition, but these do have wear and as you can see. But still, here's your chance to walk in Anita Loos' shoes... literally... if you can fit a 4.5 size! :) Comes with the original shoe horns.
Click on image for additional photos! # 5259 - c. 1930's Black Leather T-strap Shoes Owned by ANITA LOOS! Anita's small 4.5 size! I'd love to say that these are in Excellent condition, but these do have wear and as you can see. But still, here's your chance to walk in Anita Loos' shoes... literally... if you can fit a 4.5 size! :)
Click on image for additional photos! # 5257 - c. 1930's ENNA JETTICK, "Hand Flexed by Mastercraftsmen " Perforated White Oxford Strap Shoes Owned by ANITA LOOS! Anita's small 4.5 size! I'd love to say that these are in Excellent condition, but these do have wear and as you can see, the buckle has oxidation so will need cleaning. But still, here's your chance to walk in Anita Loos' shoes... literally... if you can fit a 4.5 size! :)
SOLD # 5299 - c. December 25, 1954 Hand Painted Lingerie Envelope with Full Satin Lingerie Set Christmas Gift from Master John C.W. Macauley, New Hope, Pennsylvania Owned by ANITA LOOS! This is perhaps the BEST piece of the entire lot from Anita Loos' hat collection!! A hand painted envelope addressed to Anita Loos at her home address "postmarked" Xmas day from the 2-year-old grand nephew of John C. Wilson (the man who staged the Broadway production of Gentlemen Prefer Blondes) and the godson of Anita Loos. According to John C.W. Macauley, his mother would have been the one to create this masterpiece to send to Anita. If you had ANY doubt that all these hats are from Anita Loos, this is the Holy Grail of confirmation! :) In additional to the photos I have found of Anita Loos wearing a few of the hats that have sold. FANTASTIC PIECE OF HISTORY!
SOLD # 5236 - c. 1960's BERGDORF GOODMAN Tiny White Floral Ball Hat Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! HOORAY!!! I found not one, but TWO photos of Anita Loos wearing this ACTUAL hat! It's hard to even call it a hat as it's a tiny little thing held on the head with two haircombs on either side. Ms. Loos had quite a few of these tiny mini hats, many from Bergdorf Goodman, so you will see more up on this website soon. But meanwhile.. this is the "pièce de résistance" or "holy grail" of the hats I have of Ms. Loos BECAUSE of the photos of her in it! I've been searching for other photos of Anita in the hats, but sadly there are so few photos of her found wearing any hats... and the few I have found were likely taken before this hat collection of hers was amassed. The fact that it's on Ms. Loos' head that makes this SO incredibly special! Excellent condition.
SOLD # 5198 - RARE c. 1960's (?) JEANNE LANVIN, Made in France Honey Colored Straw Cloche Hat! Owned by ANITA LOOS! As is written in the 1967 Karlyne Anspach, book, The Why of Fashion, and in the 2002 James Laver book, Costume and Fashion - A Concise History, "In her quest to give women a total appearance of youthfulness and femininity Mme Jeanne Lanvin took an interest in new hairstyles. When Anita Loos of “Gentlemen Prefer Blondes” fame attended a showing by Lanvin in Europe, Mme Lanvin was so impressed with her extremely short hair that she had her mannequins copy the style. The short bobbed hair cut popularized by Lanvin’s models in the late 1920s was known as the “Pierrette” hair-style." So... Anita Loos and Jeanne Lanvin had quite a long history together!! I have seen photos of Ms. Loos wearing similar hat in black, but have yet to find a photo of her in this hat, but it was certainly her style! I'm dating to the 1960s, but it could be earlier... but the label is post 1960s. Great condition with the exception of a small slight "smudge" (see photo). Photo of Anita Loos wearing matching shaped hat (if she liked a style, she would buy in various colors/materials) Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5207 - Original CHRISTIAN DIOR Off-White Linen Hat! Owned by ANITA LOOS! Like a piece of sculpture! Worthy of it's own glass case!! Simple elegance as you might expect from Christian Dior. Off-white linen which sits on top of the head with the stiffened loops to create a "bow". Excellent condition. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5299A - c. Mid-Century Lot of 6 Hankies. New OId Stock. Owned by ANITA LOOS! ). Probably gifts from friends to Ms. Loos... or who knows, she should have picked these out herself.... but hankies were popular at the time. These are lovely and in Excellent, never worn condition many with original tags attached. Includes Irish Linen, Made in Switzerland Embroidered whites, etc.
# 5234 - RARE c. 1960's (presumed BERGDORF GOODMAN) Tiny Gold Lame Ball Hat Owned by ANITA LOOS! I found not one, but TWO photos of Anita Loos wearing the similar style white silk flower ball hat! It's hard to even call it a hat as it's a tiny little thing held on the head with two haircombs on either side. Ms. Loos had quite a few of these tiny mini hats, many from Bergdorf Goodman. But meanwhile... I sold the white flower hat already, and these are from her same collection. I've been searching for other photos of Anita in the rest of the hats, but sadly there are so few photos of her found wearing any hats during this era. The fact that this style hat was shown on Ms. Loos' head that makes this SO incredibly special! Although this gold lame hat doesn't have the Bergdorf Goodman label, it's the same high quality as the others with the label, and obviously very close to the same as the rest of the "ball" hats in Ms. Loos' collection. This one is open on the interior with netting to give it a sheer light look. Excellent condition. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5233 - RARE c. 1960's Tiny Natural Straw Hat with Tiny Oranges and Lemon Fruit Owned by ANITA LOOS! Anita Loos LOVED these tiny, barely there hats! Some people might call them Salesman Sample hats, or even doll hats, but from what I can gather, these were meant to be worn even though they look so small it's hard to believe. But from the photograph of Ms. Loos wearing the white flower tiny ball hat, these ARE real hats! Ms. Loos had quite a few of these tiny mini hats, many from Bergdorf Goodman. I've been searching for other photos of Anita in the rest of the hats, but sadly haven't found that many photos of Ms. Loos during this era. I'm lucky to have the TWO photos of Ms. Loos in the white floral tiny hat I got in this collection!! That hat has been SOLD. This one is a natural color straw hat (in the shape of a bucket hat) with great oranges and lemons and leaves. Excellent condition. Would need a hat pin to stay on. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5226 - RARE c. early 1940's Doll/Toy/Tilt Hat "Made in New York by MADAME SUZY, Made to Order Hat from Bergdorf Goodman, Fifth Ave. at 58th Street" Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! One of the most RARE hats in Ms. Loos' collection is this Made to Order hat from Bergdorf Goodman, NY and designed and made by the prominent Parisian hat designer, MADAME SUZY during the WWII years when she left Paris during the occupation and moved to NYC. I found an old advertisement from 1941 announcing Madame Suzy at Bergdorf Goodman! One of the hats in that ad is certainly similar to this one. And from a 1935 Newspaper article: "All the world knows Madame Suzy. That modest label in a hat means that sheer magic has been mixed in its creation, for 'Madame Suzy' is veritably a magician of millinery.... Royalty and new-rich can be seen here (at her Parisian shop). When the Duchess of Kent was buying her trousseau in Paris, dozens of boxes from 'Suzy' found their way to the quiet flat where she was living with her parents prior to her wedding. At all races, at all receptions, chic hats bear that label." This hat is not in perfect condition as there is some fabric fading or years of dust imbedded to the mint green and there is extreme minor wear at edges. Most everyone else would call it great condition, I'm just very picky! A unique label on a great hat. Many Madame Suzy hats are found in major museums around the world. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5206 - c. 1940's/1950's RARE Original ROBERT DUDLEY Large "Roses and Branches" Hat Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! It's really incredible how little information is found about Robert Dudley. You'll find his hats in major museums, and according to his obit, he had a large clientele included many theater and society figures. He also designed hats for several films, including "Rebecca." And that's just about all the info you find. Pretty sad for someone who was obviously a top milliner with exciting, unique hats... many of which were owned by Anita Loos, so you will see quite a few on my website! I have found 3 different Robert Dudley labels. This red/white/blue "flag" label seems to be the most rare and his earliest hats. These labels seem to have been hand signed, as I have one of his hats with this ribbon label with NO signature AND the signatures on each hat I DO have are not identical!!! This hat is the most spectacular of the Dudleys with openwork of "branches" around the brim, covered with silk roses and flowers. Cranberry velvet crown is slightly worn (see photos) and comes with the original velvet hatpin. Will fit a normal 22" head with the "heart" wires at sides. Measures: 18" x 14"! FANTASTIC MUSEUM PIECE! Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5210 - c. 1950's RARE Original ROBERT DUDLEY, New York Hat Owned by ANITA LOOS! OH.... MY.... GOD!!! I call this the "flying nun" hat... yes, I'm that old... back to when Sally Fields was playing a teenager, not a grandmother on TV. This is a rare Robert Dudley hat. From the NY TIMES, obit on Nov.4, 1992: "Robert Dudley, was a New York milliner whose hats for women were popular in the 1940's and 1950's. Many of Mr. Dudley's designs are in the collection of the Fashion Institute of Technology (FIT). His large clientele included many theater and society figures and he designed hats for several films, including "Rebecca." During the 1940's and 1950's he operated the Chez Robert salon at Saks Fifth Avenue and his own shop, Robert Dudley Originals, on the East Side of Manhattan". So, prior to "the Mad Hatter: Bes-Ben in Chicago", there was Robert Dudley who, along with the likes of Elsa Schiaparelli (influenced by Dali) designed highly surreal hats. Schiaparelli had one shaped like a high-heeled shoe while Dudley designed a set of war hats, which included huge 3-D depictions of cannon, torpedo, periscope, and even a hat depicting Hitler... complete with mustache (again, this was 1939 prior to the horrors of WWII). Anita Loos loved her hats, and I bought her entire collection, which included some fantastical pieces like this of blue velvet, sculpted into this stiff "flying" hat. A rare piece indeed! And if you don't know who Anita Loos is, you should! Click on this link... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anita_Loos) Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5215 - c. early 1940s Original ROBERT DUDLEY Hat Owned by ANITA LOOS! It's really incredible how little information is found about Robert Dudley. You'll find his hats in major museums, and according to his obit, he had a large clientele included many theater and society figures. He also designed hats for several films, including "Rebecca." And that's just about all the info you find. Pretty sad for someone who was obviously a top milliner with exciting, unique hats... many of which were owned by Anita Loos, so you will see quite a few on my website! I have found 3 different Robert Dudley labels. This red/white/blue "flag" label seems to be the most rare and his earliest hats. These labels seem to have been hand signed, as this one has NO signature!!!! Not sure why, but this is obviously his label!! This hat is a deep reddish plum plush modified turban. I show how it can be worn back on the head or lower at front. Excellent condition. Will fit a normal 22" head. With the label, I have to wonder if this hat was custom made for Ms. Loos. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5209 - c. early 1940s Original ROBERT DUDLEY, NY Hat Owned by ANITA LOOS! It's really incredible how little information is found about Robert Dudley. You'll find his hats in major museums, and according to his obit, he had a large clientele included many theater and society figures. He also designed hats for several films, including "Rebecca." And that's just about all the info you find. Pretty sad for someone who was obviously a top milliner with exciting, unique hats... many of which were owned by Anita Loos, so you will see quite a few on my website! I have found 3 different Robert Dudley labels. This red/white/blue "flag" label seems to be the most rare and his earliest hats. These labels seem to have been hand signed, as I have one of his hats with this ribbon label with NO signature!!!! This hat is a pink hue straw with brighter pink silk scarf. Interesting shape of the crown (look at the additional photos). Sadly, this is one of the few hats that isn't in Excellent condition, as the label has some stains, and there are straw breaks at the top of the crown (see photos). Not terrible, but not perfect. But this brings the price of an original Robert Dudley/Anita Loos hat down to a great price for your collection!! Will fit a normal 22" head. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5300 - c. early 1940's Brown Toque Hat with "Looped" Edges! Owned by ANITA LOOS! This hat is a bit of a wacky shape. The front is so cool with the double layers of brown felt loops... and this is all positioned on top of a basic "cap" shape. It's kind of a combination of the 1930s skull caps and the 1940s tilt top/top/doll hats. It's like it's the missing link of millinery! Here's another scene from "The Women" (1939) with Norma Shearer wearing a hat with similar loopy design (this one designed by Adrian!). Excellent condition. Great enough to be included in Anita Loos' hat collection, so.... Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5303 - c. 1940's Custom Made Davison, Wilkes Barre, PA Blue Jersey Twisted "Doll" or "Tilt" or "Toy" Hat! Owned by ANITA LOOS! Interesting material to use in a hat... a blue jersey crepe. The milliner just grabbed and twisted the material into shape over an interesting form and voila! You wonder if Ms. Loos went to these towns and stopped in at the local hat shoppes? Wouldn't I love to just have a few minutes to ask her all these questions I have. Anyway, the hat is great, though has ever so slight fade line at the front and a bit of old makeup inside. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5274 - c. 1930's FLORENCE REICHMAN, 16 East 52nd Street, New York 2-tone Felt Hat! Owned by ANITA LOOS! This is one of those true designer hats. Simple felt in two colors shaped to create an exciting tall 30's hat that twists and turns, yet not stiff. In researching Florence Reichman, I find that she was considered one of the high-fashion milliners of the 30's and 40's... often mentioned in 1940's articles with the likes of John Frederics (Mr. John) and Lilly Dache. She patented her designs (that's how unique). Especially known for her unique designs and shapes. Excellent condition. Fits a normal size 22" head. A special hat. You'll find some 1940's newsreel footage of Ms. Reichman's hats if you look hard enough... here's the link to one: http://www.efootage.com/stock-footage/75747/New_Fall_Hats/ Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5212 - c. 1950's ROBERT DUDLEY, New York Shiny Golden Ecru Hat with Large Original Red Rose Owned by ANITA LOOS! Another rare hat from Anita Loos' hat collection! From the NY TIMES, obit on Nov.4, 1992: "Robert Dudley, was a New York milliner whose hats for women were popular in the 1940's and 1950's. Many of Mr. Dudley's designs are in the collection of the Fashion Institute of Technology (FIT). His large clientele included many theater and society figures and he designed hats for several films, including "Rebecca." During the 1940's and 1950's he operated the Chez Robert salon at Saks Fifth Avenue and his own shop, Robert Dudley Originals, on the East Side of Manhattan". This one is a fairly tame Robert Dudley hat... great sheen (like a hint of gold lame) to the golden tone ecru stiff fabric with matching pleated band with one huge red silk rose hanging off the side. Comes with Anita's hatpin, possibly original to the hat. Excellent condition except for extreme minor issues to sewing at edge. Hardly worth mentioning, but photographed for you. Measures: 14" x 13.5". Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5216 - c. 1940's ROBERT DUDLEY, Creator of Hats, New York Lavender Felt Molded Hat Trimmed in Burgundy Grosgrain Ribbon and Bow! Owned by ANITA LOOS! Very little is written about Robert Dudley, but there should be more well known.... and certainly renowned! From his obit, Robert Dudley was a New York milliner whose hats for women were popular in the 1940's and 1950's. He passed away in 1992 at 87 years old. Born in Rochester, he studied at the Eastman School of Music there and had come to New York City intent on a career in the theater. He decided instead on a career in millinery after he used an old felt hat to create a new one for a friend. His large clientele included many theater and society figures and he designed hats for several films, including "Rebecca." During the 1940's and 1950's he operated the Chez Robert salon at Saks Fifth Avenue and his own shop, Robert Dudley Originals, on the East Side of Manhattan. Many of Mr. Dudley's designs are in the collection of the Fashion Institute of Technology. "He was very creative, and designed hats to go with different costumes." Some 1940s ads show quite whimsical hats designed by Dudley...sometimes just for show. This is one of his early fantastic hats for definite wear! What a wonderful shape. I show from all the different angles so you can see. It's a cloche look from one side, and a different look from other sides. Excellent condition. I believe this is one of his early labels... different from the others I have. This hat was owned by Anita Loos. If you don't know who Anita Loos is, you should! Click on the link below! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anita_Loos Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5324 - c. 1950's John Wanamaker Red Wide Straw Hat Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! One of the simple, basic hats with just a little hint of design in the shaping of the straw at the sides. Excellent condition, though you'll just want to tack down the ribbon over the stitching (see photo). Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5323 - c. 1954 Checkerboard Raffia Sunhat with Gold Accents Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! Again... I know this isn't the exact hat that Anita Loos is wearing in the photo, but it just shows that when she liked a style, she tended to have more than one of that look.... just like the rest of us! And she is wearing the similar one in a documented meeting with Salvatore Ferragamo and none other than Audrey Hepburn on August 21, 1954 in Florence, Italy. (Audrey played Gigi, which was adapted for the stage by Ms. Loos). Anyway, the hat is just flat that snaps at the back to create the conical shape (great for travel!). Tied with just a rope! There is a bit of a spot at the front (see photos) but still very cool piece!!! Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5311A - c. 1960's Taupe Silk Huge Flower Topper "Fascinator"! Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! Not sure what to call this. Hard to call it a hat, so I guess it's got to be called a fascinator. It's just a huge flat taupe ombre silk flower with green leaves that sits on the top of you head as you see. Kind of fascinatingly vintage 60s! :) Excellent condition. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5241 - c. 1940's BALENCIAGA, 10 Avenue George V, Paris Black Satin Twist Toque Hat! Owned by ANITA LOOS! Anita Loos had a collection of hats.... and I bought them all! She obviously had enough money to buy the best of the best... with quite a few Balenciaga hats. She never bought the plain hats, but rather fun styles and shapes. I've been blabbing too much lately in the descriptions, so I will let the hat speak for itself. Do you speak "hat"? :) She's saying that the twist of this hat is stiff... just meant to look as though it's a soft twisted towel! Quite unique and whimsical while being high-fashion at the same time!! J'adore it! Excellent condition. If you don't know who Anita Loos is, you should! Click on the link below! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anita_Loos Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5239 - c. 1950's BALENCIAGA, 10 Avenue George V, Paris Tiny Mini Pillbox Hat of Black Velvet! Owned by ANITA LOOS! Anita Loos had a collection of hats.... and I bought them all! She seemed to have a fascination for these teeny, tiny hats.... so small that some of them look like either doll's hats, or samples of full-sized hats, but they were just worn as fascinators are worn today... as a little accent on the hair! Also, Ms. Loos had quite a few high-end and originally quite expensive Balenciaga hats. This one is a black velvet mini pillbox hat with "velvet curly noodles" on top (come on, what else am I going to call this??). Measures a very small 5" x 4.5" x 2" high. Held on with two haircombs attached. Excellent condition. Oh, and if you don't know Anita Loos is, you should! Click on the link below! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anita_Loos Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5217 - Original ROBERT DUDLEY Hat Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! Very little is written about Robert Dudley, but there should be more well known.... and certainly renowned! From his obit, Robert Dudley was a New York milliner whose hats for women were popular in the 1940's and 1950's. He came to NYC intent on a career in the theater, but decided instead on a career in millinery after he used an old felt hat to create a new one for a friend. His large clientele included many theater and society figures and he designed hats for several films, including "Rebecca." During the 1940's and 1950's he operated the Chez Robert salon at Saks Fifth Avenue and his own shop, Robert Dudley Originals, on the East Side of Manhattan. Many of Mr. Dudley's designs are in the collection of the Fashion Institute of Technology and at NY's MET (Metropolitan Museum of Art - though the ones I have here for sale are even better!!!!). "He was very creative, and designed hats to go with different costumes." Some 1940s ads show quite whimsical hats designed by Dudley...sometimes just for show. I love this one! Wonderful color! Spring green felt with "happy" poppies (OK... I don't know if they are supposed to be poppies, but that's what I think of them as! I can't be a botanist as well as a vintage fashionista! :) ) Excellent condition with the exception of one small moth nip (not hole) see last photo. But these Dudley hats are RARE! Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5268 - c. 1940's TOWN SHOP, Buffalo Red Crepe Fabric Wavy Hat! Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! Such a wonderful shape!! This hat will look good on just about every head... even if you don't have a "hat" face. Yeah, I know all about it. My twin sister, Wendy, looks great in just about every hat she has ever tried on. I need hats with large brims to even have a chance of the hat looking good on me. But to have a large brim with "ruffles"... well.... can't get much better than that!!! And in a perfect lipstick red! The interesting other feature on this hat is that there are two thread "loops" at the top of the crown. I wonder if those were there to add a feather?????? I don't know. Just guessing. So now look at the additional photos to see that there is a SECOND brim of navy under the red ruffle brim! So you can wear this hat down on the forehead (as I show), or up on the back of the head to show off the navy. Interesting open "v" at back with bow and navy netting at back. Hat is held on with the thin elastic band (usually worn under the hair). Nettings are rarely perfect condition, and can always be replaced if you need perfection. But the hat is in Excellent condition Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5242 - c. 1940's Original NAT FRANK, New York Creation Hat! Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! One of my favorites! RARE color in a nearly neon green with a fairly stiffened purple grosgrain ribbon and bows. Worn as a "doll or tilt" hat as it has the thin elastic band to hold on the head. Elastic still has a bit of stretch to it. Looks like this was hardly worn! Excellent, near mint condition. The material is hard to describe... almost like a canvas. LOVE the shape, and the double-layered brim. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5284 - c. late 1930's/early 1940's Black Wool Tall "Turban" Hat with Off-white Soutache! Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! The perfect hat for your black vintage dress or suit! Has a bit of a turban feel, but has the height that is so coveted, and fits like a 30s cap at back! Excellent condition. Soft but still stays tall! Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5240 - c. early 1960's BALENCIAGA, 10 Avenue George V, Paris Black Tulle Tiny Hat with Black Silk Roses! Owned by ANITA LOOS! Ms. Loos adored this tiny hats from Balenciaga! She had quite a few of them. This is one of the larger ones!! Many of the others have hair combs attached inside to hold on to the head. This one has none. Though there is no other way (other than hairpins) to hold on to the head. Excellent condition (though I would steam the flowers to perk up!) Balenciaga. Paris. Very little else needs to be said. :) Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5291 - c. 1940's LILLY DACHE Paris/New York from Bullock's Wilshire, Beverly Hills, CA Black Hat Embellished with Silk Flowers! Owned by ANITA LOOS! Lilly Dache was one of the top milliners from the era. And would have been expensive when new. This hat is great but is one that isn't in as great a condition as some of Ms. Loos' other hats. It really could use a professional steaming on the silk flowers to perk them up, and as you see, the heavy netting is torn at back and the lining is discolored. Peach and chartreuse flowers and gold-ish satin bow/ribbon on a black straw with embroidery! And then... an adorable blue felt cut into the shape of a bluebird with beak! Cute! Price reflects the issues with this hat... but still... remember who owned it! A piece of history! Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD #5286 - c. 1930's Bone Colored Felt "Cloche" Hat Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS!It's a cloche shape, but probably from the 1930's. I LOVE LOVE LOVE the matching felt flowers at the side! Did I say I love them?? Ms. Loos seemed to wear this cloche shape quite often, so this was likely one of her favorites as well. Excellent condition though there are tiny moth nips (not holes) at the crown at back (see photos) and extreme minor dust/dirt. If you can live with that, you have one smashing hat! Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5208 - c. early 1940s Original ROBERT DUDLEY, NY Hat Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! It's really incredible how little information is found about Robert Dudley. You'll find his hats in major museums, and according to his obit, he had a large clientele included many theater and society figures. He also designed hats for several films, including "Rebecca." And that's just about all the info you find. Pretty sad for someone who was obviously a top milliner with exciting, unique hats... many of which were owned by Anita Loos, so you will see quite a few on my website! I have found 3 different Robert Dudley labels. This red/white/blue "flag" label seems to be the most rare and his earliest hats. These labels seem to have been hand signed, as I have one of his hats with this ribbon label with NO signature!!!! This hat is a bright kelly green soft felt in an interesting tall shape with wide folded, pinched and cut brim. Excellent condition. Will fit a normal 22" head. Comes with the original matching hatpin. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD ## 5280 - c. 1940's Large Black Accordion Pinwheel Hat! Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! Yowza... this one is fantastic! There is no label (sadly), but someone certainly knew how to make a unique and memorable hat! Check out all the photos to see the look from all the angles. Those are always my favorite hats... the ones that double as sculpture! Black velvet and black material. Excellent condition with just the tiniest of wear. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5288 - c. 1939 JENNY, Hotel Statler, Buffalo, NY Tall Deep Cranberry Velvet Hat! Owned by ANITA LOOS! Whoa! Obviously this milliner was influenced by the whimsy of Schiaparelli's hats of the era. I'm not even sure how to describe it... so I will just let the photos do that they are intended to do. Held on by the thin elastic cord that usually is hidden under the hair, though this hat might need a few hat pins as well. Ms. Loos had a few hats from Buffalo... must have been a place she visited more than once. Excellent condition. The netting is always questionable on old hats, but easy to replace if necessary. I dare you to find a similar hat anywhere! :) And check out the photo of Rosalind Russell from "The Women" (1939). I think I've dated this hat correctly!! :) Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5273 - c. late 1930's SALLY VICTOR, 18 East 53rd Street, New York 2-tone Felt Hat Owned by ANITA LOOS! Ah, a Sally Victor hat. As described by the MET (Metropolitan Museum of Art): "During the 1930s, '40s and the early '50s, when hats were considered required accessories for well-dressed women, Sally Victor was among the foremost American milliners. Creative and very successful for almost 40 years, Victor began her prolific millinery career in 1927. According to her May 16, 1977 obituary in The New York Times, Victor described her mission simply as 'designing pretty hats that make women look prettier.' You will find Sally Victor hats in many top museums including the MET. This hat is a simple, but unique hat of two colors of felt shaped to create a classic wide brimed 30's sexy hat. Great one to wear with a day suit or dress! Excellent condition, except there are some minor moth nips only seen in certain lights, but I'm highlighting them for you to see. Fits a normal size 22" head. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
# 5285 - c. 1940's/1950's RARE Original VALENTINA Black Velvet Hat! Owned by ANITA LOOS! Valentina was one incredible lady. Not to be confused with the Valentina Ltd beaded dresses/tops from the 1960s. Nope. This was THE Ukrainian born Madame Valentina, one of America’s few great couturiers. She dressed some of the biggest stars of the ’30s and ’40s, including Greta Garbo, Lillian Gish, Lynn Fontanne, Merle Oberon and Katharine Hepburn (who she transformed from a tomboy to a siren in The Philadelphia Story using a white crepe dress) and dressed prominent New York society women including members of the Vanderbilt family. Valentina’s garments cost a fortune! To a young actress who balked at the price of one of her gowns, Valentina replied, “You ask price for dress that change your whole life?”She imperiously turned away clients that she felt wouldn’t do her garments justice, and tormented others. She was notorious for giving clients what she thought the needed, not what they requested. In 1952, Life magazine reported that her maxim to clients was "take it or take it," also noting that "a buyer who arrives to be fitted in a red dress may find that Valentina has decided it should be blue." Read FIDM blog for a great bio: http://blog.fidmmuseum.org/museum/2010/10/valentina-hat.html
Valentina offered her clients headwear to coordinate with their Valentina garments. So this hat likely went with one of her creations. We'll never know what, but you can be assured it was fabulous! Valentina hats seem to be quite rare. I have only seen one other... currently at FIDM. This one is simple and perfect. Excellent condition. And POSSIBLY the one seen in the photo of Anita Loos. Can be worn as you see, or farther back on the head (though my mannequin has molded hair, so this was the only way she would wear it. :) Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5266 - c. 1910's O'BRIEN, Buffalo Black Horsehair Hat Owned by ANITA LOOS! This is the oldest hat from the collection of Anita Loos. It's important as it could date to about 1912 which was the year of Ms. Loos' first film... about a hat (of all things!). The New York Hat (1912) is a short silent film directed by D. W. Griffith from a screenplay by Anita Loos, and starring Mary Pickford, Lionel Barrymore, and Lillian Gish. Ms. Loos was one of the cinema’s earliest and most important screenwriters... and certainly one of the first women screenwriters. Here's the story:
"Anita Loos started out as a child actress in stock companies in her native San Francisco. In 1911, she mailed off her first attempt at a silent film scenario The New York Hat to D.W. Griffith and was shocked when it was accepted. Griffith put her on staff; she wrote some of his most important early pictures. Anyway, even without the provenance, this hat is quite special. Black horsehair (which is a stiff netting) in a swirled "floral" design on the crown and a sheer circled brim. Excellent condition with the only issues being that the black seems to have faded a bit to a slight purple hue (though that might be original color), and the lining needs to be re-tacked. I'm leaving as I found it as this is an historic piece, so I hate to make any changes or repairs. I will leave that to the buyer. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5214 - c. 1950's ROBERT DUDLEY, New York Pumpkin Velvet Open Crown Hat with Black Feathered Brim! Owned by ANITA LOOS! All the information I have on Robert Dudley is written above with the other Robert Dudley hat from this same collection. So go up this page a bit and read about him. OK... are you back now? So now we come to this very large sort of pumpkin colored velvet hat with open crown filled with black stiff netting, and then tons of black curly feathers sitting all around the wide stiff brim of the hat. Looks lovely on! Excellent condition with just a couple of the feathers at the back that just need to be trained back to formation (a drill sergeant should do the trick! :) Otherwise great. Rare to find any Dudley hats... and larger hats are harder to find as they were always harder to store over all the years. Relatives would just discard instead. Sad, but true! However... lucky me, this hat only had a two previous owners.... Anita Loos and the gentleman who was given her hat collection on her death.... oh, and then me... and then YOU! If you don't know who Anita Loos is, you should! Click on the link below! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anita_Loos Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5278 - c. 1940's Plaid Taffeta "Doll", "Tilt" or "Toy" Hat Owned by ANITA LOOS! A real cutie pie. People always ask me what hat they can wear with a 40s day dress, as most of my pieces are dressy... but here's the perfect hat for any matching colored dress or suit. This hat isn't perfect as there are some light spots (see photo) and the elastic needs a replacement at some point. Meant to be worn tilted onto the forehead as you see. Wear the elastic under your hair to make it look like it's defying gravity. And if you want a piece owned by Anita Loos for an affordable price... I would strongly suggest this one! Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5305 - c. 1940's Blush Dusty Rose Felt Tilt Hat with Pink Hydragea and Purple Veil! Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! Another sweet 1940's "tilt" or "doll" or "toy" hat... too many names, but great way to wear hats in the 1940s... down on the forehead and usually with a band or elastic or loop at back to hold on to the head. This one is a color somewhere between a nude purply taupe and a pale dusty rose... with a pop of color in the flower and netting. As with all nettings that are 50 years old, they may need to be replaced, but that shouldn't be an issue. There is one teeny moth nip (not hole) see photo. Otherwise Excellent. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5281 - c. late 1930's/ early 1940's McCurdy and Co., Inc, Rochester, NY Black Felt with Pink Braid Design Tall Hat! Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! I love the hats that are so perfect that they conjure up the outfit that was worn with them! I'm sure this was a black dress with pink bolero with black soutache trim. Well... it was in my mind anyway! :) Stays on the head with a loop at the back which can be worn under the hair. Excellent condition. Normal 22" size. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5263 - c. 1950's Long Tail Pheasant Feather Hat Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! These pheasant hats were very popular from the 1940's through the 1960's. Various styles and shapes, sometimes just a touch of pheasant, other times completely covered in pheasant feathers (as is this one)... along with two long tails which caress the face when worn. I have to tell you that this damn mannequin (shhhhh... don't tell her I cursed her!) has molded hair and so the hat wouldn't stay on her the right way, so it's on backward (I think). The long feathers will still end up this direction as you see, but on the other side of your head. Looks equally fabulous either way... but just so you know. Stays on the head as a kind of a very wide headband. Excellent condition. If you don't know who Anita Loos is, you should! Click on the link below! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anita_Loos Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5309 - c. 1950's Ruby Velvet Hat with Ruby Satin Trim and Veil! Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! Looks like something Doris Day would have worn, or any TV show sitcom mother from the 1950's. The perfect hat to wear with your pageboy hair style and fitted suit. Excellent condition... though all netting could have some breaks. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5204 - Original GEORG BEIGEL, Paris Hat Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! Also one of my favorites (how many times can I say that?). I have one other Georg Beigel hat from a museum collection which is dated by the expert at 1943. Not sure the exact date of this hat but it's certainly the 40's. How fabulous!! Black faux bird at front with extremely long feathers to surround the face or head or whatever depending how you wear it.
SOLD # 5301 - c. late 1930's/early 1940's Brown Felt Hat with "Shoelace" Edge and Brown Ostrich Feather! Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! Robin Hood Meets High Fashion! Dark brown felt hat in a terrific "Robin Hood" shape from one angle, and fedora from another angle, to skull cap at the back angle to Schiaparelli whimsy shape from yet another angle. This hat has it all! All finished with a "shoelace" edging all around the front brim. And finally finished off with a matching brown ostrich feather. What more can you ask for in a basic felt hat????.... owned by an international powerhouse of the era??? Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5265 - c. late 1930's/early 1940's Brown Felt Hat with Large Graded Feathers Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! This is a reddish brown felt that is dated somewhere between the "caps" of the 1930's and the tilt or doll hats of the 1940's. Great condition with the exception of the fact that the brown netting is torn, but if you just leave on top of the hat as you see, the tearing doesn't show. Love the large feather "wings" on the side!! Sits beautifully on top of the head. Even fits my larger head size mannequin, or use a hat pin for security. If you don't know who Anita Loos is, you should! Click on the link below! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anita_Loos
SOLD # 5247 - c. 1950's ALFREDA, New York Black Beaded Felt Hat Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! Fantastic hat! Gotta love it. Fits perfectly like a cap on a normal sized 22" head (the mannequin has a slightly large head - must be all those brains she has!), so it will fit a little more "cloche-like" on you. Beaded all over with teeny tiny black beads and sequins in a 3-D effect. Then comes that great huge beaded circle at one side with the stiff black felt pieces (what do I call those??). The only other Alfeda hat I found was from the 1960's, and that added "Paris" to the label, so obviously this designer label was well-respected enough to interest the Parisian market! And certainly wonderful enough to interest Anita Loos! :)Excellent condition. If you don't know who Anita Loos is, you should! Click on the link below! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anita_Loos
SOLD # 5287 - c. 1940's Black Leather and Black Beaded Fancy Gloves Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! Wearable Size! Ooh... yes, there were a few pairs of gloves (and shoes) in with the entire Hat collection I purchased from Anita Loos' estate. This pair is by FAR the best pair!! Ms. Loos wore size 7 gloves so they fit a normal human (so many of vintage gloves seem to be for doll hands!!). These fit me. Sadly.... so that makes me question... Do I sell them? Do I keep them? Do I frame them? Just makes me thrilled to think that these gloves were worn by the hand that penned such literary classics. I wonder... if I but them on, will my hands just start typing the next great American novel?? Excellent condition with just a line of fading (see last photo).
SOLD # 5320 - c. 1960's PATRICE White and Black Shiny Straw (or Raffia) Hat with Yellow/White Polkadot Ribbon and Bow! Owned by ANITA LOOS! SWEET!! This one is another favorite. Looks like a combination of 1930's shape with 1980's shape, but from the 1960's. I ADORE the yellow grosgrain white polkadot ribbon and huge bow at the side. The shape is down brim on one side and turned up on the other. Excellent condition. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5301A - c. 1940's White Stiff Straw Molded Hat with Black Bow! Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! As cute as this white stiff molded straw hat is, it's got a few issues... stains and the black ribbon looks like it's been cut. See the photos to see the issues. I DO love the shape and I always love black and white. Held on with the material that goes under or over the hair. Not perfect.... but this is from Anita Loos.... so if you love her, and don't want to spend top dollar for her designer hats... well... Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5321 - c. 1950's Taupe or Mushroom colored Wool Felt Hat! Owned by ANITA LOOS! Oh dear... here's another that's just too hard to describe.... interesting rolled brim not often seen, so I have to assume this was quite an expensive hat when new. Unique. Excellent condition. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5306 - c. 1940's Long Just Over Elbow Length Brown Fine Suede Gloves! Made in France! Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! Wearable Size! These feel great! Along with her hat collection, there were a few pairs of gloves and a few pair of shoes which were included in the estate package I purchased from the Anita Loos estate. To think you can wear the gloves that adorned Ms. Loos.... and all the history that goes along with that!! These would be great with the brown beaded hat above! Eh? These will either scrunch to just below the elbow or pull to just above the elbow. Excellent condition.. barely look worn at all. Marked a GREAT size 7.5! RARE to find that large a size in vintage gloves!!! 18" long from tip to bottom. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5307 - c. 1940's Black Suede Tiny Rhinestone, Braided and Beaded Gloves! Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! Wearable Size! Along with her hat collection, there were a few pairs of gloves and a few pair of shoes which were included in the estate package I purchased from the Anita Loos estate. To think you can wear the gloves that adorned Ms. Loos.... and all the history that goes along with that!! As you can see.... these are a wearable size (as opposed to some older gloves that are so tiny, they are useless). Marked size 7. Marked Nutine? She had a few pairs with the same marking... must have been a good brand. Excellent condition... but they were worn. 12.5" from tip to bottom. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5251 - c. 1940's CREATIONS BY HENRI Taupe Suede Beaded, Ankle Strap, Platform, Peep Toe, Cutwork, High Heel Shoes! From the Estate of ANITA LOOS! WOW... enough adjectives for you! If you don't know who Anita Loos is, please just Google search her... you will be impressed! She wrote (among other things) "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes"... one of Marilyn Monroe's most famous movie roles. Ms. Loos had a great collection of hats, which I just purchased, and along with that hat collection came a number of pairs of her shoes from the 1930s-1940s. These shoes have it all! High platform, white mini beading, peep toe, ankle strap, cutwork, and ultra high heels! What more could you want? Oh, I know... for them to be in a larger size. Sorry. All Ms. Loos' shoes are a small size 4.5 - 5, so they are for display, or as memorabilia piece from one of the most prolific female Hollywood writers! Or if you are one of those lucky girls with a size 4.5 foot.....Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5201 - c. 1940's Gray Silk Nubby Jersey Turban Hat with Snood Back Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! No label except for a tiny one that reads "adjustable head size" inside. An elephant gray color nubby silk jersey draped over a high wired frame and rounded shorter crown, and gathered at low snood back. Decorated with a few simple gold flower sequins. Excellent condition with just a minor "smushing" and perhaps one of the "daisy" sequins missing?? Hard to tell for sure.. or it could just be a pick in the jersey. Really 99% perfect. I ADORE these high turbans... and quite hard to find... and then the fact that it comes from Anita Loos? Well.... doesn't get much better. Can you just imagine where Anita might have worn this.... and in front of who?
SOLD # 5266 - c. 1930's Plum Felt Hat with Grosgrain Ribbon Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! From Desmond's in Southern California (which began as a hat shop and blossomed into an important apparel store of 19 shops throughout Southern California). Love the shape and the color of this hat! A purple plum of a soft felt with matching ribbon. Tall pinched shape with wide brim. Will fit a normal 22" head. And DO wear in a jaunty tilt for that 1930s look! Excellent condition.
SOLD # 5283 - c. 1930's Deep Wine Felt Hat Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! Wonderfully wacky... one side looks like a typical 30s hat, the other side more like a modified beret, and like a newsboy cap from another angle. Just the kind of design you expect to find in a designer hat, but alas... no labels. Just a great 1930s hat! Some of the photos are brightened to show detail. Excellent condition. Normal 22" size.
SOLD # 5225 - c. 1940's/1950's Made to Order Hat, BERGDORF GOODMAN On the Plaza, New York Unique "Package" Magenta Satin Toque Hat with Bow! Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! Anita Loos had a collection of hats.... and I bought them all! I just love the fact that she purchased unique shapes and styles! Nothing basic! And nothing inexpensive!! :) This was specially made to order at the high-end Bergdorf Goodman store. In the 1960's, Halston began his career designing hats for Bergdorf under this same label. Though this was earlier. I've also seen Balenciaga Bergdorf Made to Order hats, so who knows who actaully designed this on! Love the shape and color or a magenta satin. It's stiff, though has the look of being "gathered" by the bow. Most likely created to match a particular outfit for Ms. Loos. Excellent condition. Oh, and if you don't know Anita Loos is, you should!Click on the link below! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anita_Loos
SOLD # 5199 - c. 1950's Original Bergdorf Goodman Hat Owned by ANITA LOOS! Gray and ivory feathers on a gray felt base. in a cloche or helmet shape especially great for those "bad hair" days! I'm pretty sure I saw a photo of Anita in this, or similar hat (I have another of hers of a similar feather hat also from Bergdorf Goodman with striped brown feathers, so she obviously liked this style). Very Good condition... not excellent as the top spot of the crown where all the feather start has browned. You could cover with a few extra feathers to make nearly perfect again. This hat is covered in a silver hair net to keep the feathers in place and will come with the velvet covered hat stand as you see - as this was how it was originally found. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5245 - c. 1930's Hat Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! No label in this hat, but such a great shape natural straw hat with wide flat brim and tall asymmetrical half cone crown. The original silk light green and rust colored scarves wrap through slits in the straw. Extreme minor damage at those slits for the scarves.
SOLD # 5223 - c. late 1930's G. HOWARD HODGE Black Felt Smushy "Witch" Hat with Golden Ribbon! Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! My GOD this is unique!!! G. Howard Hodge label. No surprise as I find I usually love this designers creations! This one is nearly impossible to explain. I call it my "witch" hat, but I could have also called it my "The Women" hat (yup, Anita Loos wrote the screenplay for that classic flick!), and the fashions worn in that film are legendary!! This is a black smushy felt with towering crown and wide wavy brim trimmed in a gold ribbon. Really something for a museum and/or design students! Excellent condition, though perhaps a little dusty. And if you don't know Anita Loos.... GOOGLE her!!!! You SHOULD know her!
SOLD # 5266A - c. late 1930's G. HOWARD HODGE Lime Green Felt Smushy Open Crowned Hat in a Turban Style with Two Feathers! Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! My GOD this is unique!!! G. Howard Hodge label. No surprise as I find I usually love this designers creations! This one is hard to even explain. It's a turban look at the front, but then there's a smushy open crowned shape above it with two large gray feathers. Really something for a museum and/or design students! Excellent condition. And if you don't know Anita Loos.... GOOGLE her!!!! You SHOULD know her!
# 5290 - c. 1930's Made to Order Black Felt Cloche Hat! Owned by ANITA LOOS! I can't confirm 100%, but this looks to be the same exact style hat that Anita Loos is wearing in the photos shown here!!! Seems this was Ms. Loos' favorite style, and she may have had a few hats made in this style to match the shape of the Lanvin straw hat (shown above). Notice the shape of pointed and higher at the cheek on one side, and then longer and with a bow on the other side. Unique inverted "v" shape at the front (just like the Lanvin). Check out the pretty bow at the side. Excellent condition. NOTE: I hadn't seen this photo of Anita in the similar hat, so I didn't realize she would have worn it father back on the head. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5246A - c. 1940's Feathered Hat Owned by ANITA LOOS! No label on this sweet "Dolls" or "Tilt Top" hat of a bone colored felt covered with seafoam green and light brown graduated feathers on a chocolate brown netting. Lovely shape. Holds on the head by the stiff loop at the back. This can be worn under the hair to hide it if you prefer. Excellent condition, though there are some pins found hidden in the feathers (but plainly seen from the inside). I'm leaving as found as this was Ms. Loos' hat. I don't know why the safety pins are there, but as these are historic hats, I'm leaving everything as I found them. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5211 - c. early 1950's (?) ROBERT DUDLEY, New York Hat Owned by ANITA LOOS! This is one of the Robert Dudley hats from the collection with the RTW label rather than the original striped label, but still lovely, and different. Ivory woven large "bow" cutouts attached to a stiffened matching ivory net base. Fairly flat shape on the head. Just sits on top. Quite pretty on. Good condition with some small age spots here and there (very light rust color - and very small!). The hat is slightly flattened, but will fill out on the head. You can see a bit of thread in the design of the hat, so I wonder what that means. I could come up with reasons, but I will just state the fact ma'm, just the facts. Priced to reflect the condition (most of the others are Excellent condition). NEW Photos! Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5298 - c. 1950's Mink Tail Fur Hat with Large Satin Bow Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! Sweet and easily wearable. I know there are some of you who prefer I not sell furs, but I sell history, so I can't take sides... I just have to offer what was acceptable and worn in the eras it was worn. Especially when it was worn by a celebrity. A hat that should look good on anyone. Stiff base just "clips" onto your head. Certainly you could add combs to the underside if necessary. Excellent condition. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5267 - c. 1950's Navy and Pink Straw Hat with Silk Flowers Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! Obviously this is not the hat in the photo being worn by Anita Loos, but it just shows that when she liked a style, she tended to have more than one of that look.... just like the rest of us! This hat is a lovely combination of navy and pink, so would have likely gone with a matching suit or dress. What an outfit that would have been. Excellent condition, though as always, the netting will need replacing or removing. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5282 - c. late 1930's Black Felt Hat with LONG Feather Owned by ANITA LOOS! My only problem with this hat is trying to figure out how to ship it to you... so I'm hoping that it will sell to someone fairly close to CT as the box is gonna have to be fairly large. If you look at the additional photos you will see the detail of the tailoring of this hat. Please look... it's better than just plain black (as it looks in this photo). Did you look? I'm not gonna continue until you do!!! OK... There are no labels other than the manufacturing label and the felt stamp. But still a great design!! Excellent condition with some fading/dust to the inner band. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5279 - c. 1940's LE BLANC Chapeaux, 63 East 57th Street, New York Black Felt with B&W Striped Brim "Doll", "Tilt" or "Toy" Hat Owned by ANITA LOOS! Another real cutie pie hat. People always ask me what hat they can wear with a 40s day dress, as most of my pieces are dressy... but here's the perfect hat for any black dress or suit. Meant to be worn tilted onto the forehead as you see. Wear the elastic under your hair to make it look like it's defying gravity. And if you want a piece owned by Anita Loos for an affordable price... I would strongly suggest this one! This is NOT white... but a dark off-white, so ... just sayin'. ;) Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5270 - c. 1950's Light Taupe/Gray Felt Hat with Silver Sequins! Owned by ANITA LOOS! Love this one from the 50's. I can just image the dress that went with this hat. The decoration is a floral silver sequin and clamshell faux pearls sewn in a 3-D design. Looks fantastic. There is no label other than the 22" normal head size. A soft felt. Gorgeous! Excellent condition. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5264A - c. 1960's Ermine Fur Hair Comb Hat! Owned by ANITA LOOS! I haven't seen anything like this before... well, I shouldn't say that because Anita Loos had TWO of these... one in sable, and the other here of white ermine fur! Both with large velvet bows at the front... this bow black. You know what ermine is... the fur of royalty! I'm not sure exactly how they were worn... if the bow was at the front of the hairline, or farther back on the crown, but this damn mannequin (shhhhh... don't tell her I cursed her!) has molded hair and so I just stuck it on her head wherever it might stay put long enough for the photos, and in the other photos, I used thread to hold on her!!! Please disregard that! Because on you... it will stay on the head with a comb attached at the front. Excellent condition (except for one of the ermine tails - see photo)... it can be replaced if you care. Or leave as is... as this is a memorabilia piece as she had it. If you don't know who Anita Loos is, you should! Click on the link below! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anita_Loos Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5205 - c. 1950's MISS SALLY VICTOR, New York Dark Brown Velvet Hat with "Stem" and Scalloped Edge! Owned by ANITA LOOS! Sally Victor was among the foremost American milliners. Creative and very successful for almost 40 years, Victor began her prolific millinery career in 1927. You'll find her hats in the best museums including the MET (New York Metropolitan Museum of Art). Miss Victor even designed hats for First Ladies Eleanor Roosevelt, Bess Truman, Mamie Eisenhower, Jacqueline Kennedy and Lady Bird Johnson... as well as Queen Elizabeth II! So.... if good even for those women... it's good enough for you! :) Cute shape with scalloped bottom and "stem" at top with braid trim and covered with netting. Excellent condition (though nettings always have a few issues). ! Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5310A - c. 1950's CAROL, Made in Italy Black Velvet and Satin Huge Bow Front Toque Hat! Owned by ANITA LOOS! This is one of those perfect hats for your "LBD" (I hope by now you know what that stands for - yes, Little Black Dress), or one of your fancy 50s suits. I suppose this would be a "dinner hat". But what the hell do I know?? :) These must have been quite popular as I have a few other large bow front hats. Stiff hat, not floppy. Excellent condition. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5298 - c. 1950's Black Raffia Straw Hat with Large Cherries (or Cherry Tomatoes!) Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! Love this one. Excellent condition though it's squashed when off the head (see photos). I'm hoping that the right person will know how best to steam the hat to unsquish. It's worth the effort. Lovely shape and those ornaments are killer! :) Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5304 - c. 1930's Brown Felt Cap Hat with Fabulous Original Hat Pin! Owned by ANITA LOOS! OK... so the hat isn't much. Cute, yes, but it's the original what looks to be hand-blown glass with Murano glass embellishment and beaded hat pin that is the real star here. Check it out. I'll wait here. La.. la...la.... la de da. See??? Nice, huh?? The hat seems to have one minor spot at the back otherwise.... Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5289 - c. 1930's Black Felt Crushable Hat Owned by ANITA LOOS! Again... I have no words to describe this hat... it's a simple black felt that looks pretty boring off the head, but as you can see, it gets pretty sensational on! Perfect for a great day look suit or simple dress. I've seen similar hats with rhinestone or jeweled pins pinned on to the front for a little extra pizzazz. So... it's like having two hats in one. No label in this one. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5243 - c. 1940's All Roses "Doll" or "Tilt Top" Hat Owned by ANITA LOOS! No label on this rose "topper". Like wearing a rose garden bouquet on your head! :) As you can see graduated coral-ish pinks on a black felt base with "o" ring back to keep it on the head. Excellent condition (sort of)... because the flowers could use a professional steaming to bring them back to "blossom" and there is a cut in the felt of the base that isn't seen except on the inside.. but it's there (see photo). Still a great fun hat! Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5313 - c. 1950's Black Velour Cap Hat with Curly Feather and Heart Design at Top! Owned by ANITA LOOS! This one is adorable. As simple a shape as you can find, but with nice details including the curly feather, the heart design at top and the stitching design. Rhinestones are found at the base of the feather. Excellent condition. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5319 - c. 1940's/50's Brown Felt Hat with Brown Clear Sequin Ornament! Owned by ANITA LOOS! How am I supposed to describe this hat? You try it!! Cap shape at back and sculptural at front. After that.... just look at the photos. ;) Pretty damn cool, eh?? Very Good condition. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5271 - c. 1950's Black Felt Hat With Black Beads, Rhinestones and Black Dangle Beads at Sides! Owned by ANITA LOOS! Cool hat.... evokes the era. I can just imagine Suzy Parker wearing this one. Black felt hat in a modified "cap" shape with beading and tiny rhinestones in "branch" design ... but it's the dozens of black drop beads dangling at both sides that makes this hat special. Please note, there are a few bugle beads missing on the top of the hat. You'll barely notice one the thread is clipped. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5322A - c. vintage Navy Jersey Turban! Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! Ah... how to date this? Turbans have been around for decades, so this is anywhere from 1930's - 1960's era... and since Anita's collection ranged though all these eras... your guess is as good as mine. There is no label (looks like there was one). Floppy navy jersey. Slight dust mark hardly worth mentioning. Excellent condition. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5309A - c. 1960's Marlea Hats, New York - Baltimore Black Velvet "Flying Saucer" Hat! Owned by ANITA LOOS! I mean what else would you call this shape beside flying saucer?? Black velvet with gathered crown and rope bow at back. Stiff shape hat. Excellent condition. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5322 - c. 1940's MILGRIM Black Floppy Hat with Black Velvet Bow! Owned aby ANITA LOOS! Milgrim was a specialty store with Sally Milgrim as their in-house designer. You'll find Milgrim hats in the Metropolitan Museum. Milgrim was an early advertiser using celebrities with famous women photographed wearing outfits bearing their name. Sally Milgrim also designed three inaugural gowns, for First Ladies Florence Harding, Grace Coolidge, and Eleanor Roosevelt. This one is held on with a loop at back and it's very floppy shape. Interesting!!! Different!! Very Good condition. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5311 - c. 1950's Black Bead and Clouded Bead Flower Tiny Crown! Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! I would love to know where Anita Loos might have worn this hat!! It is just so cool. You can barely call it a hat, but Anita LOVED this tiny hats.... I have 12 other of her mini hats that will be going up... many from Balenciaga and Bonwit Teller. This one is a black beaded crown with netting in the "crown" to use hairpins to keep on the head. There are goldish clouded flower beads that look better from afar... giving an interesting shine. Since my mannequin has stiff molded hair, please imagine how it might look in your hair. Good condition. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5315 - c. 1950's Black Velour Hat with Stiff Rhinestoned "Feather"! Owned by ANITA LOOS! You'll see other hats owned by Ms. Loos with a similar wild stiff shapes. She must have loved the whimsy as much as I do. ;) This one is a fairly simple black velour hat with rope "bow" at back and then... well... that "thing"! The netting is mostly gown and can be replaced or removed, but otherwise in great condition. Worn as a modified beret. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5202 - c. 1940's/50's Two-Toned Gray and Pumpkin/Rust Silk Velvet Turban Hat! Owned by ANITA LOOS! WOW... the material on this turban is fantastic... this velvet seems to shimmer in the light. Love the two-toned look... probably matched a suit creating a head-to-toe perfect outfit. Back when women used to dress! Great for a bad hair day! There is slight wear/dirt (see photos), but hardly worth mentioning really. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5276 - c. late 1930's/ early 1940's A LUETTA MODEL Black Felt Flower Pot Brimmed Hat with Sequins and Beads Owned by ANITA LOOS! One of my favorite of Ms. Loos' black hats. LOVE the shape of this! I have lightened some of the photos so you can see the design/folds. The beads have darkened a bit over time, but the sequins are still bright. Excellent condition. Fits a normal size 22" head. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5308A - c. 1950's Black Silk Chiffon Headband! Owned by ANITA LOOS! The perfect combination between a hat and a headband. Lovely. You don't need me to write about this one. You can see for yourself. But wait... when you look at the additional photos, you will see some WAY strange photoshopping on two of the photos. I didn't do that!!! I don't know what happend to these photos! I don't even HAVE photoshop!!! But hey, it's great to show you the detail, so.... perhaps Anita's ghost wanted you to see this piece??? However, I will guarantee it's not possessed. :) Excellent condition. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5221 - c. early 1960's CHRISTIAN DIOR Chapeaux, Paris, New York Hot Pink Floral and White Lily of the Valley Toque Hat! Owned by ANITA LOOS! This seems to have been Christian Dior's look of the 1960s! There are many of these floral design Dior hats around... so they must have been quite popular. You also see Dior turbans and feather hats as well, but these have to be the favorite! I mean... who can resist wearing a complete garden on your head?? Too bad it was a few years too early for the "flower child" generation.... rather their mother's were wearing these hats. Anyway, enough of my babbling... Pull your hair back and on those bad hair days, just put this on and look smashing. The dresses didn't need to be flashy when you were wearing this. If I think back, I'm sure my mother had one similar and wore it with a simple raw silk pink suit. One of the latest hats in the Anita Loos collection. She passed away in 1981. I had a hat collector date this to 1962. ALSO note: Lily of the Valley was Dior's favorite flower, so it's fitting that there are white lily of the valley silk flowers on this at as well! Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5302 - c. 1940's Black Patent Leather Boater "Doll" or "Tilt" or "Toy" Hat! Owned by ANITA LOOS! I adore this hat!!! So edgy! Shiny black patent leather hat in a boater shape but meant to be worn on tilted on the forehead in the 1940's fashion. Not even sure what it is about the hat that thrills me so! But obviously it thrilled Anita Loos enough as well to include in her hat collection! It's almost like the milliner had extra strips of patent leather sitting around and just started playing with them. ;) At the top of the crown are a few crisscross pieces of patent leather to "finish" off the circle. Excellent condition. I just noticed that the hat being worn by Rosalind Russell in this scene from Anita Loos' 1939 movie, "The Women" is very similar to this one... just worn with a long lace scarf over! Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5273 - c. 1940's ABBYE Navy Blue Velvet Hat Owned by ANITA LOOS! So different! One of the best thing about Anita Loos' hat collection is the uniqueness of the styles. She certain had a great fashion eye. This one is so basic a shape... a simple navy velvet cap (not stiff), but then you see the gold ornament and the long floppy loops at the side. Excellent condition. Fits a normal size 22" head. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5272 - c. late 1930's Stiff Patterned Velvet Tall Hat Owned by ANITA LOOS! How do you even describe this hat?? Looks like a piece of sculpture off the head.. and looks like the surreal era hats of Schiaparelli from the late 1930's when on the head. So I date to then. There are no labels other than a handwritten tape, so this might have been custom made... perhaps especially for Ms. Loos. But there is little specific info I can give you on this hat. Just WILD! And fantastic!! Excellent condition. Stays on the head with attached hair combs. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5200 - c. 1950's Original Bergdorf Goodman Hat Owned by ANITA LOOS! Thin brown mottled and ivory feathers on a brown felt base in a cloche or helmet shape especially great for those "bad hair" days! I'm pretty sure I saw a photo of Anita in this, or similar hat (I have another of hers of a similar feather hat also from Bergdorf Goodman with striped gray feathers, so she obviously liked this style). Very Good condition... not excellent as the top spot of the crown where all the feather start has slight wear. You could cover with a few extra feathers to make nearly perfect again. Will fit a normal sized head. This hat is will come with the velvet covered hat stand - as this was how it was originally found. If you don't know who Anita Loos is, you should! Click on the link below! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anita_Loos Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5264 - c. 1960's Sable Fur Hair Comb Hat! Owned by ANITA LOOS! I haven't seen anything like this before... well, I shouldn't say that because Anita Loos had TWO of these... one in sable (here) and the other of white ermine fur! Both with large velvet bows at the front. You know what sable feels like... fantastic (!), so you will be petting yourself when wearing this. I'm not sure exactly how they were worn... if the bow was at the front of the hairline, or farther back on the crown, but this damn mannequin (shhhhh... don't tell her I cursed her!) has molded hair and so I just stuck it on her head wherever it might stay put long enough for the photos. But on you... it will stay on the head with a comb attached at the front. Excellent condition. If you don't know who Anita Loos is, you should! Click on the link below! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anita_Loos Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5292 - c. 1940's/1950's EVELYN VARON Exclusive Red Velvet "Fruitbowl" Hat Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! "Fruitbowl" is just my name for this hat! Love the velvet leaves and "berries" all over the top of the hat. Toque style. With bits of red veil. Evelyn Varon was a popular milliner designer who was around for many years. Excellent condition. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5312 - c. 1950's Black Felt Hat with Huge Pink Feathers and Feather Flowers! Owned by ANITA LOOS! Smushy black felt hat covered in black net at sides and the huge pink feathers and pink feather flowers Might be meant to be worn a bit higher up on the head... yeah, I think so.. Has a little wear on the pink flowers. And as always, the netting may not be perfect, but looks to be. Elastic band to hold on. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5220 - c. 1930's/1940's Brown Felt Cap Hat with Wide Beaded Brim, Feather and the Original Hat Pin! Owned by ANITA LOOS! Yes, I need to be able to date hats a bit more accurately. Some are easier than others. But I SHOULD know more at this point... or perhaps I once did and old age is taking it's toll. I DO know it's a hat, so I'm not TOO far gone!! And I also know it's a GREAT hat! Brown felt cap back with a fantastic beaded and chainstitched brim with feather and original covered felt hat pin. The feather is a bit loose, but other than that (oh, and the silk inner lining has a tear - who cares!)... it's a great piece. No label, sadly. But ya gotta love it. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5310 - c. 1940's Marche Hats, New York Black Felt Flat Hat with "Fringe" Feather at Front and "Loopy" Back! Owned by ANITA LOOS!Whimsical hat without going overboard. Trimmed in black satin bows. I would imagine this hat is late 1940s as it has the "flat" shape of some of the 1950s hats. Excellent condition. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5244 - c. 1940's Pink and Black Felt Hat with Large Turkey Feather Owned and Worn by ANITA LOOS! I got a thing for pink. So did Anita! This hat is a non-stiff hat yet the turned brim stays put. I'm always amazed that the feathers remain intact on hats! So many years of storage and yet these were treated with care. Turkey feathers can be "combed" as you know from your own childhood American Indian costumes (I'm guessing). "Smushy" hat. Excellent condition... just a little dusty and again, netting is rarely perfect. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5317 - c. 1960's Black Ruffled Whimsy Fascinator "Pouf" Hat! Owned by ANITA LOOS! Ms. Loos had lots of tiny tiny hats and fascinators like this. One of the few photos I found of Ms. Loos wearing one of these hats is below. That pouf hat has already sold... but here's another she probably loved. These were just worn with hairpins and certainly make a statement for such a tiny piece of fabric! Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5308 - c. 1950's Quaker-Maid Exclusive Black Felt Hat with Fabulous Large Coq Feather "Pouf" at Side! Owned by ANITA LOOS! Oh dear.... I hate it when I'm really not sure how to date something. Quaker-Maid Exclusives go back to at least the 1930's and through at least the 1960's. It's not as new as the 60's, and it seems a bit more tailored than the 30s.... anyway... I'm guessing 1950s. Very cool shape due to the nearly floating pouf of feathers at the side. Excellent condition. Normal 22" head size. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5246 - c. 1940's Straw Hat with Green Velvet Ribbon and Covered in Various Silk Flowers! Owned by ANITA LOOS! Oh HAPPY SPRING HAT!!!! First of all, straw hats are just my favorite. I think it might have something to do with my childhood and the Easter hats my mother used to get for us every year. It was just an excuse for my Mom to dress up her three little girls. But I remember the hats (and the matching purses sometimes) fondly. So... then if you add all these colorful flowers and green velvet ribbon to a straw hat, well....... I would steam up the front red flower to make it stand back up, but other than that... just Put On Your Easter Bonnet! ;) The hat is held on by the thin elastic that usually is worn under the hair (but my molded hair mannequin was having nothing of that!). The netting may not be perfect (they rarely are), but in this case, it doesn't matter. Excellent condition. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5314 - c. 1940's JONQUIL ORIGINAL Black Straw Topper Hat with "Autumn" Flowers at Front! Owned by ANITA LOOS! Held on with a thin elastic strap as most of the cute 1940's tilt or doll hats. This one is larger than most and has an interesting "v" shape at back. Unexpected. Excellent condition. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5316 - c. 1940's KATHRYN BAKER Black Felt Hat with Blue Ostrich Feather! Owned by ANITA LOOS! This hat is likely early 1940s as it has a bit of a 1930's cap at back and the tall element found in other hats of the early 40s. Held on with a thin elastic band at back. Small felt bow at side. Very Good condition. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
SOLD # 5318 - c. 1940's HENRY POLLAK, Inc. / BELVEDERE Rust Brown Wool Felt "Riding" Hat! Owned by ANITA LOOS! Oh yeah.... LOVE this shape... as did Anita Loos.. shown wearing a similar style in 1920!! Just what you imagine when you think of a Victorian woman riding sidesaddle.... but this is a hat from the 40s with that similar look. Even down to the satin ribbon and netting bow at back. If you have a Downton Abbey party... consider going as a horsewomen! :) Anita Loos would have! :) Excellent condition. Final Sale Movie/Memorabilia piece.
# 5250 - c. 1930's Brown Canvas and White Leather Trim Strappy Shoes! From the Estate of ANITA LOOS! If you don't know who Anita Loos is, please just Google search her... you will be impressed! She wrote (among other things) "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes"... one of Marilyn Monroe's most famous movie roles. Ms. Loos had a great collection of hats, which I just purchased, and along with that hat collection came a number of pairs of her shoes from the 1930s-1940s. These shoes are so "Chanelish". Brown canvas with white leather trim... these shoes have a fabulous design. Open sides, and cutwork at front and back sides. And those white leather double stripes and white heel just "pop"! Very small size 5 as are all Ms. Loos' shoes. Excellent condition. Love the wording on the sole "Famous for Fit. Our 850 Last. Hand Turned". What the heck does that all mean anyway?? :) Obviously these are well made.
On February 28th, AmCham hosted an open-for-all event focused on the upcoming General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The session was facilitated by PwC’s Ivan Mishev and Daniel Jordanovski, covering the requirements needed for businesses to implement the GDPR and protect the personal data and privacy of EU citizens.
In the first part of the session, Ivan Mishev focused on GDPR’s legal aspects and the strict new rules around protecting customer data, which is expected to set a new standard for consumer rights. He gave several examples on GDPR’s wide view of what constitutes personal identification information and explained key legal terms incorporated in the regulation, such as providing a “reasonable” level of protection for personal data, stressing that the regulation does not define what constitutes “reasonable.”
Daniel Jordanovski focused on the actual GDPR implementation challenges and how they influence the businesses, their employees, partners, customers and legislators. He emphasized that the time is running out to meet the deadline, so businesses need to know about the GDPR and its requirements. Many of the requirements do not relate directly to information security, but the processes and system changes needed to comply could affect existing security systems and protocols.
Over 60 participants, raised many interesting questions, ranging from “micro” obstacles that their businesses might face, to “macro” challenges that tackle the eventual transposing of the GDPR in the Macedonian legislation.
The group concluded that the GDPR leaves much to interpretation and it gives the GDPR governing body a lot of leeway when it comes to assessing fines for data breaches and non-compliance. AmCham will continue covering the GDPR’s policy aspect with continuous discussions within AmCham’s Committees and a separate event focusing on GDPR’s IT implications, that will be held in the near future.
Yes, fees are covered by the Impact Multisports card. Remember to notify assistance before any evacuation request.
Insofar as these competitions are not organized by a sports federation, even if the results are entered in the official rankings, your participation in this event is covered by the IMPACT MULTISPORTS insurance. Thus, an event organized by an association is guaranteed.
Severe Bodily Injury means any unintentional bodily harm to the victim resulting from the sudden action of an external or unintentional cause found by a medical doctor, of a severity such as to prevent practice of a sporting activity.
The term "serious illness" is defined as any deterioration of health observed by a medical doctor requiring appropriate care.
• Accidents resulting from the practice of sports in the context of an official competition organized by a sports federation and for which a license is issued and training for competitions *;
• Hunting for dangerous animals, aerial sports (kite surfing and speed riding are guaranteed), motor sports, skeleton, caving, solo sailing and / or more than 60 miles from the coast.
* The Impact Multisports insurance intervenes in addition to the guarantees of the official license, this one worth franchising
E-bikes or electric assistance bicycles are not considered to be motorized land vehicles if they meet the following conditions:
• The assistance should only be done if the cyclist is pedaling, and switch off when pedaling stops. Nevertheless, it is allowed to set up a start-up assistance without having to resort to pedaling but which must not exceed 6 km / h
The practice of cycling with Electric Assistance, if the bike meets the points below, is covered by the Impact Multisports card.
Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Romania, Spain , United Kingdom, Slovakia, Slovenia and Sweden.
The dress in pictures is with big petticoat. If you want the same effect as the picture, please enter the following link to buy a petticoat to match the dress!
Listings in Floor maintenance, Acoustical, Law & Government, Children's and infants wear and Locksmiths Equipment & Supplies | Caribbean Business Directory
Listings in Floor maintenance, Acoustical, Law & Government, Children's and infants wear and Locksmiths Equipment & Supplies
An entrepreneur, IT consultant, and a blogger. Adebayo co-founded Melvit.com , an e-commerce, finance and crowdfunding platform, in 2015. He is also founded Freeads9ja.com – a classified website – and is the managing director. He has over 10 years experience in infrastructure solutions design, implementation, delivery, support and has successfully delivered various IT projects in the Banking and Finance, Education, Marketing and Advertisement sectors both in Nigeria and the UK. Adebayo is a certified PRINCE2 practitioner, Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert and holds various IT certifications. Adebayo also holds a Master’s Degree in Network and Computer Systems Security from the University of Greenwich, London, UK. When Adebayo is not working, he enjoys blogging, tennis, following business and politics, reading, cooking, and skating. He is also a big TV series and movie fan.
Melvit is connecting African businesses and helping to grow the level of intra-trade among its countries
IT happened recently in my home State of Oregon: A car driven by a young automobile race driver hurtled out of control at Portland Speedway and crashed into a retaining wall. Don Porter, father of four small children and himself only 31, died violently.
Six weeks earlier at the Indianapolis Speedway, a car went out of control and immediately caused a dozen others to pile up. Headlong into the traffic jam rushed Pat O’Connor of Indiana. Unable to stop, he plowed into the rear of a car and flipped over. Young O’Connor’s car burst into flames and he perished in the wreckage.
And two days after this, a Porsche-Carrera driven by Hodge Bruch turned over three times during a race at Bridgehampton, N. Y. Bruch, father of three, died on the way to a hospital.
Some people call this sport. I call it wanton, tragically unnecessary bloodshed. Some call it healthy, exhilarating competition. I call it shameful and uncivilized.
The three deaths I have described are only the latest in a long, macabre list which stretches back over the years almost to the very start of automobile racing. Every step of the way, car racing has been accompanied by massacre. Tracks all over the country have counted—are still counting!—their dead. I believe the time has come for the United States to become a civilized nation and to stop this carnage which has persisted too long. I believe full study should be given to outlawing automobile racing, once and for all, by legislation effective in all 49 states.
In the first place, the exhibitions are degrading to the human spirit. I do not pose as a psychologist, but is there any serious doubt that the majority of persons who throng to these proceedings are there because of the extreme hazard to the drivers? For every spectator who really understands and loves automobiles, there are a hundred who come be- cause men are in constant peril of being killed or mangled.
And this, to me, is pathetic. It is a lowering of the essential dignity of man. It approaches dangerously close to the raw crowd lust of the Roman “circuses” where the populace jammed the arenas to watch gladiators battle to the death.
We toss critical barbs at the Spaniards because of their bull-fighting. We roll our eyes heavenward and shudder at the goriness of this national sport. And yet how many bull fights are as bloody as the race not long ago in San Diego, Calif., where a woman driver died hideously and newspaper photographers took pictures of her hand protruding agonizingly from beneath her over-turned racing car I have heard and read many criticisms of some films, TV programs and books because they expose our children to violence. Yet we permit our youngsters to visit automobile race tracks. Is not the impact of a supposedly violent tele- vision show upon an impressionable young mind comparatively mild compared with the effect of a roaring, rendering crash in which racing drivers are slaughtered or maimed?
My second reason for urging abolition of automobile racing deals with the danger to the lives of the participants.
Does it make any sense to permit continuation of a sporting activity when the death of a driver or two in a major race is considered normal? In a recent discussion of the subject in Harper’s Magazine, Prof. Laurence Lafore of Swarthmore and Robert W. Lafore quoted a peril exists for drivers of cars who roar around tracks at great speeds and jockey wildly for positions. Anything can happen as tires and brakes, vital to safety, take gruelling punishment. If it doesn’t happen, Providence alone can be thanked.
And now we come to still another danger—the risk to the spectator. Fortunately, we have not had any catastrophe in this country similar to the flaming death which snuffed out the lives of 82 persons at the famous 24-hour Le Mans race in 1955—not yet.
Professor Lafore of Swarthmore makes this chilling assertion in Harper’s: “The special horror of Le Mans was the product of special circumstances but something like it might happen anywhere.” The italics are mine. Lafore points out: “It is clear that the designers and engineers have created a degree of power and speed which leads by a lap or two the driving ability, safety precautions and organizing power of human skill.”
I’ll ask this question: In all the auto racing tracks of the country, are the spectators completely and sufficiently safeguarded against disaster such as befell the onlookers at Le Mans that tragic day? Is there no possibility that such a catastrophe could be repeated in one of America’s races?
The world won’t ever forget what occurred at Le Mans. Approximately 250,000 persons were watching the race. About three hours after the contest began, an Austin-Healey driven by Great Britain’s Lance Macklin swerved to avoid a Jaguar driven by Mike Hawthorn. Coming down fast was Pierre Levegh, driving a Mercedes.
The Mercedes couldn’t veer or brake in time. It struck the Healey in the rear left corner and took off crazily. It hit an earthen embankment on the side of the track and somersaulted over and over for dozens of yards. The driver was hurled out and instantly killed. As it spun, the car exploded and pieces flew into the crowd like a fragmentation bomb.
The effect was devastating. About 20 persons were mercilessly decapitated by the flying hood. The engine and front axle hurtled into another section and killed dozens more. Others were burned to death as the car’s flaming body descended on them. The toll: 82 dead, 78 injured. Could it happen here?
I think that if we cannot answer that question with an unqualified no, we are not justified in permitting the continuance of this sport in our country.
Why wait until a disaster happens before we clean house? If, through the tragedy that came to another nation, we have been taught a sobering lesson, isn’t it foolhardy not to pay attention?
There’s a tragic footnote to the Le Mans horror. The French authorities took all sorts of precautions for the following year. With all the precautions, a man was smashed to death and some dozen cars crashed, flipped and skidded. This year’s race was no better. The crackups followed one after the other. One driver hit an embankment head-on. He caromed off as another came up. The driver of the first car was killed.
I am primarily concerned over the adverse impact of automobile racing on the psychology and attitude of youthful Americans. Racing tends to glamorize speed and dare-deviltry in automobile operation, an attitude completely at odds with efforts to install safe-driving principles in the minds of young drivers. Hundreds of thousands of dollars are spent on safety campaigns. How much of this is dissipated by the adverse psychological impact of auto racing on young minds?
There is something else about automobile racing which worries me. America is gradually becoming a nation of spectators. I would rather see Americans engage themselves in hiking, golfing, camping and bicycling than watching a handful of men —and even women—risk their lives wheeling racing cars around a track. The President’s Conference on Physical Fitness has demonstrated worry over the health, stamina and athletic prowess of most Americans—and I share this concern.
However, there are some bright spots in the picture. Already the most hazardous of all types of racing, the “open road” kind, has been practically abandoned in this country. These, as the name implies, are held over public highways, with spectators lining the roadsides as the cars zoom by.
If we need any evidence that we’ve done the right thing by abandoning open road racing here, all we have to do is look toward Europe. It was just a year ago last May that Marquis Alfonso de Portago was streaking along during the Mille Miglia when either a tire blew or an axle broke. His car, a Ferrari, swerved, uprooted a milestone and crashed into a telephone pole.
An instant later, de Portago and his co-driver were dead. But the horror was far worse. The car had smashed into the dense crowds that lined the road and killed 13 spectators, some of them small children.
If this isn’t enough to convince us we’ve done right, then all we need do is look toward Cuba. Last March, during the 315-mile Gran Primo de Cuba race, a young driver took a shallow turn, skidded and ran into a crowd. In a moment, seven were dead and 31 injured.
There is another bright spot in the American auto racing picture. In 1957, the Automobile Manufacturers Association recommended that its member companies (General Motors, Ford, Chrysler, Studebaker-Packard and American Motors) cease all participation in car racing. The AMA directors, meeting in Detroit, recommended in a resolution that the companies no longer enter cars in the various competitions held throughout the country, including stock car racing.
Promoters of auto races say that these contests are essential to the technical development of various advances in car construction. They assert it’s necessary to run racing cars at great speeds in order to test new devices and gadgets for general use in passenger vehicles.
Even if this should be true, isn’t it perfectly obvious that the necessary high speeds can be achieved without running 20 or 30 cars simultaneously around a narrow track before huge audiences of spectators?
If high speed is the main thing, why not run each car against the clock, but alone on the track? In this way, the high speeds allegedly so vital to technical improvements in vehicles would be achieved and 90 per cent of the hazard would be elimi-
He was exactly correct about there being insufficient safeguards for both drivers and spectators, though. This was only four years after the 1955 Le Mans disaster, so it’s not surprising that he’s still so upset about it. I doubt the spectators would have been very enthusiastic to pay for their tickets if they’d known that a pretty unremarkable accident could so easily cause half of a car to slam through the crowd and kill more than EIGHTY people.
Today, it’s downright hard for a driver to kill himself in even amateur race meets, let alone the big-money pro races. It’s close to impossible for racetrack drivers to kill a spectator (although rally drivers, of course, still can). If you believe it was all bleeding-heart Democratic do-gooders who forced these changes to happen, I think you need to check your history.
Jenkins it is all about politics. The problem is that most people think parties when they think politics.
The Senator was from Oregon. Not a state with a lot of companies that make money off the Auto industry. Not a lot of race tracks that held big money races. It was easy to attack and who could be pro death and destruction.
BTW politics and politions did NOTHING to make racing safer. It was the drivers and car owners that did. People don’t want to see their friends die.
BTW I am a motorsports fan. I hate crashes. I watch to see the skill of the drivers. You do not get new race records when you have crashes.
I would like to read Tom McCahill’s response to this. Old Tom, I’m sure, unloaded on the Senator. If anyone out there has the Feb. ’59 issue, it would be great to have the response posted here.
Firebrand, you know what I was talking about when I said politics. I guess I should have said “partisan” instead.
I would like to read Tom McCahill’s response to this. Old Tom, I’m sure, unloaded on the Senator. If anyone out there has the Feb. ‘59 issue, it would be great to have the response posted here.
This, and I love politics but I forgot this clown was a senator his “sky is falling” rhetoric was so funny
Mr. Levegh’s driving partner, John Fitch, was in the pits at the time of the 1955 Le Mans accident awaiting his turn to drive. Fitch would eventually create the “Fitch barrier”, which we may all have seen at the exit point at many freeways as a row of yellow barrels filled with sand or water.
BTW politics and politions did NOTHING to make racing safer. It was the drivers and car owners that did
Re Jenkins’ comment: This is the second time recently I’ve seen someone declare an obviously political issue non-political. I think that in both cases they mean “How could anyone disagree with me?”
Archives Select Month October 2013 (4) September 2013 (29) June 2013 (1) May 2013 (8) April 2013 (39) March 2013 (46) February 2013 (46) January 2013 (86) December 2012 (93) November 2012 (80) October 2012 (95) September 2012 (99) August 2012 (118) July 2012 (108) June 2012 (105) May 2012 (118) April 2012 (100) March 2012 (105) February 2012 (109) January 2012 (111) December 2011 (108) November 2011 (105) October 2011 (109) September 2011 (105) August 2011 (113) July 2011 (104) June 2011 (99) May 2011 (108) April 2011 (84) March 2011 (100) February 2011 (90) January 2011 (71) December 2010 (73) November 2010 (58) October 2010 (28) September 2010 (29) August 2010 (43) July 2010 (39) June 2010 (36) May 2010 (39) April 2010 (67) March 2010 (85) February 2010 (28) January 2010 (61) December 2009 (54) November 2009 (30) October 2009 (28) September 2009 (34) August 2009 (38) July 2009 (40) June 2009 (31) May 2009 (27) April 2009 (55) March 2009 (80) February 2009 (96) January 2009 (131) December 2008 (91) November 2008 (73) October 2008 (114) September 2008 (95) August 2008 (89) July 2008 (119) June 2008 (136) May 2008 (145) April 2008 (188) March 2008 (212) February 2008 (183) January 2008 (186) December 2007 (169) November 2007 (140) October 2007 (134) September 2007 (140) August 2007 (130) July 2007 (183) June 2007 (154) May 2007 (189) April 2007 (170) March 2007 (133) February 2007 (126) January 2007 (167) December 2006 (127) November 2006 (99) October 2006 (114) September 2006 (109) August 2006 (222) July 2006 (185) June 2006 (137) May 2006 (197) April 2006 (198) March 2006 (110) February 2006 (46) January 2006 (77) December 2005 (36) November 2005 (19) October 2005 (1)
**Extended sit, down, and place means your dog will REMAIN in the down, sit, or place position until YOU tell them to “break” (release them).
Basic and Advanced Obedience Package: This package is for those who really want their dog to be rock-stars! This includes 8 lessons for $950.00. You save $100.00 by paying for the Basic Obedience Package and 4 Advanced lessons up-front! The e-collar we use has a two-year warranty, it is completely waterproof, and it has a range of 3/4 mile (1200 yards)! This will be ready at your first lesson along with the 20-foot leash!
Advanced Lessons: Your dog must finish our Basic Obedience Package before we will teach them advanced lessons! We offer numerous advanced lessons! Some are: extended distance obedience (your dog will be sitting/downing on command from 50+ yards away from you), heel command (they come running, go around you and sit down right beside your left leg), watch command (stare at you until you release them), through command (go in between your legs and sit down), stand command (they will assume a standing position on command), front command (they will come running and sit directly in front of you no matter where they are), focused heeling (will stare at you the entire time they heel), touch command (they will run up and stand up against anything you point to), and many more!
2-week Board and Train Program: This is a very popular program and is usually booked for a few weeks in advance, so please contact us before paying online or trying to schedule an appointment for this. Our 2-week board and train is $2800.00. This is where you drop off your dog, and 2-weeks later you pick up a dog that is flawless outside, off-leash, with distractions! See our youtube channel for numerous board and train before/after videos! We also offer a free refresher for life on our board and train program.
This will give your new pup a good foundation for basic obedience! Also, during the training, Off Leash K9 Hawaii can teach you how to house train your dog in order for it to quit having accidents in the house! Additionally, Off Leash K9 Hawaii will train it to let you know when it has to go outside! During these sessions, Off Leash K9 Hawaii can also answer any questions you have regarding your new pup or its training.
***Special Pricing for Military, Law Enforcement, Firefighters, EMS, breeders, rescue shelters, and referrals!
We are certified CGC evaluators! This is a certification program that is designed to reward dogs who have good manners at home and in the community. The Canine Good Citizen Program is a two-part program that stresses responsible pet ownership for owners and basic good manners for dogs. All dogs who pass the 10-step CGC test may receive a very nice certificate from the American Kennel Club. You and your dog will practice the CGC exercises: Accepting a friendly stranger, Sitting politely for petting, Appearance & grooming, Out for a walk (loose leash walking), Walking through a crowd, Sit and down on command and Staying in place, Coming when called, Reaction to another dog, Reaction to distraction and Supervised separation. This class is perfect for continuing your dog’s education. You and your dog will work toward creating a better relationship while your dog learns to listen to you consistently. As you work with your dog to teach the CGC skills, you’ll discover the many benefits and joys of training your dog. Training will enhance the bond between you and your dog. Whether your dog is ready to for the certification, or you want us to help get your dog ready for the certification, contact us!
If you are looking for a trainer that is accustomed to working with all breeds, all issues and all age dogs, contact OLK9 Hawaii. You do not have to be a star to get the star treatment and the proper dog training your pet needs.
オアフ島のエバ平原に位置する109万平方メートルの広大な敷地にあるホールから、ワイアナエ山脈と緑におおわれたコオラウ山脈のオアフ島二大山脈の景観を楽しみながらプレーが堪能できます。 全27ホールのゴルフコース・デザインは、アーノルド・パーマーとエド・シェーイの両名によって設計された、3つの9ホールから選べる当コースは、初心者から上級者まで幅広くお楽しみいただけます。 新緑で覆われた長いフェアウェイには、90の白砂バンカー、そして絵のように美しく配置された10の池。チャレンジングで美しいオアフ島屈指のゴルフコースです。
Fort Lauderdale, FL :: Apartments and Houses for Rent, Local Apartment and Home Rentals, House, Townhome, and Condo Rentals, Vacation Rentals, Roommate and Sublet Classifieds
FtLauderdaleRent.com offers simple and effective annual advertising subscriptions to help you fill your vacancies. Subscriptions last for one year, and are based on the number of properties you manage. Subscriptions can be upgraded or extended at any time. Learn more »
When you sign up for an account you will ALSO get our CUSTOMER SUPPORT TEAM. It is next to impossible to reach customer support on automated classified websites. Who would you call at Craigslist? Our company specializes in advertising rental properties. We are here to help. Help you advertise, quickly and efficiently, so that you can rent your property. If you have a question contact our customer support department with an email or phone call and we´ll get back to you in a timely fashion.
Featuring a listing allows you to jump your property to the head of our search results, guaranteeing home page placement. Learn more »
Make your listings and your company stand out with our branding packages, which add your logo and a link to your website on every one of your listings for one year. You'll raise your own website's search engine rankings and get more traffic to your site. Learn more »
All we ask in return is that you give us feedback about our website, spread the word to other Fort Lauderdale area property managers and landlords, and deactivate your listings when they are rented.
: Set in Springfield, the average American town, the show focuses on the antics and everyday adventures of the Simpson family; Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa and Maggie, as well as a virtual cast of thousands. Since the beginning, the series has been a pop culture icon, attracting hundreds of celebrities to guest star. The show has also made name for itself in its fearless satirical take on politics, media and American life in general.
December 17, 1989 Season 1 13 Episodes March 23, 1991 Season 2 22 Episodes September 19, 1991 Season 3 24 Episodes September 24, 1992 Season 4 22 Episodes September 30, 1993 Season 5 22 Episodes September 04, 1994 Season 6 25 Episodes September 17, 1995 Season 7 25 Episodes October 27, 1996 Season 8 25 Episodes September 21, 1997 Season 9 25 Episodes August 23, 1998 Season 10 23 Episodes September 26, 1999 Season 11 22 Episodes November 01, 2000 Season 12 21 Episodes November 06, 2001 Season 13 22 Episodes November 03, 2002 Season 14 22 Episodes November 02, 2003 Season 15 22 Episodes November 07, 2004 Season 16 21 Episodes September 11, 2005 Season 17 22 Episodes September 10, 2006 Season 18 22 Episodes September 23, 2007 Season 19 20 Episodes September 28, 2008 Season 20 21 Episodes September 27, 2009 Season 21 23 Episodes September 26, 2010 Season 22 22 Episodes September 25, 2011 Season 23 22 Episodes September 30, 2012 Season 24 22 Episodes September 29, 2013 Season 25 22 Episodes September 28, 2014 Season 26 22 Episodes September 27, 2015 Season 27 22 Episodes September 25, 2016 Season 28 22 Episodes October 01, 2017 Season 29 21 Episodes September 30, 2018 Season 30 9 Episodes
Exfoliate dead skin cells that can clog pores and lead to breakouts with the power of salicyclic acid. Mario Badescu's Acne Facial Cleanser was specially formulated to effectly target acne-prone or acne-erupted skin. A soothing blend of botanical extracts including aloe, chamomile, and thyme help to improve the look and feel of troubled skin, while leaving skin thoroughly refreshed.
You’ll also learn how to prepare for your treatment. We’ll give you products to apply before your procedure to prime your skin and avoid pigmentation. You’ll also receive information on pain medication and the downtime you’ll need as you recover. If you decide to take time off work, you can schedule your procedures before a weekend or take a few days off.
Treatments like radiofrequency microneedling, lasers, and fillers can be effective to treat acne scars, but they can run you hundreds of dollars per treatment. And Hellman says you'll need six to eight treatments and a good amount of time before seeing results. "The process takes a good part of a year," she says. (Her office does offer some package options to help offset some of the cost.)
Eat healthily. Foods that are highly processed and contain a lot of oils greatly increase the amount of acne on your body. Getting the proper amount of nutrients from whole grains, fruits, vegetables, and protein help your skin to regenerate faster and limit unnecessary oil production. When at all possible, avoid foods that are processed or contain a lot of sugar (think junk foods).[11]
This powerful pink acne treatment is formulated with 10 percent Sulfurthe highest level allowed to effectively fight acneto help clear skin of blemishes and acne-causing bacteria. It also contains AHAs to reduce the appearance of enlarged pores and help control sebum production. This acne treatment also prevents future breakouts, resulting in a clearer complexion.
Although cow's milk has a low glycaemic index, it contains androgens, oestrogen, progesterone and glucocorticoids, which also provoke keratinisation and sebum production. Milk also contains amino acids (eg arginine, leucine, and phenylalanine) that produce insulin when combined with carbohydrates. Other components of milk that might induce comedones include whey proteins and iodine.
If a pore gets clogged up and closes but bulges out from the skin, you're left with a whitehead. If a pore gets clogged up but stays open, the top surface can darken and you're left with a blackhead. Sometimes the wall of the pore opens, allowing sebum, bacteria, and dead skin cells to make their way under the skin — and you're left with a small, red bump called a pimple (sometimes pimples have a pus-filled top from the body's reaction to the bacterial infection).
A WOW!...Solid ....I got a sample with my order and I tried on after my black mask and the results were amazing, the next day everybody gave me complements on my skin I have sensitive skin and I love this product I went back to sephora store and got me a full size, I love this stuff I use it only at night my skin feels great the next morning looks amazing between my clarasonic, the sunday riley face wash and the good genes treatment my skin looks awesome....I got a facial at Sephora with good geans and the UFO face oil mixed together and noticed a huge difference in my skin a few hours latter I suffered from redness on my check bones and dark spots from pass acne theses two products made my skin so clear and bright I was amazed the redness had completely gone away my skin looked soft and smooth the dark spots had faded and my skin had such a clear Complexion even my pores had tightened up I'm in love thanks Sunday Riley for makeing me feel beau
Bellafill is a dermal filler approved for the correction of moderate to severe, atrophic, distensible facial acne scars on the cheeks in patients over the age of 21. This injection provides immediate improvement — like, your skin is improved by the time you leave the office. Once it's injected, the collagen goes to work immediately, adding natural-looking volume and lift to soften acne scars. Over time, your body naturally metabolizes the collagen — but the results remain intact. In fact, Z. Paul Lorenc, a New York City-based plastic surgeon, explains, “90 percent of patients who used Bellafill to treat their acne scars were still satisfied with the results at the one-year mark." The best part? There is no downtime and you can return to normal activities right away.
Your skin really is much like the cover of a book. It is the first thing people notice about you, and inside of it, holds many wonders and mysteries. However, much like how all book covers don’t look the alike, the same can be said for a person’s skin, as there are many factors, most of which are outside of our control, that can impact the way it looks.
Some individuals have absolutely no symptoms, and rosacea doesn't bother them. They may enjoy perfectly healthy normal lives without any effect from this benign skin condition. Some patients really like the pink glow to their cheeks and find it gives them a pleasant color without having to use blush. They may not even know they have rosacea. They usually do not want to use any treatment.
If there are multiple ice pick scars, acne scar treatment devices that use radiofrequency energy are Dr. Hellman’s first choice. “These treatments help build collagen from the inside out, and collagen helps to fill the scars from within,” she says. Several treatments are usually needed. The procedures are done using local anesthesia, and it’s effective in all skin types, she says. In one study, published in a 2015 issue of the Journal of Cosmetics, Dermatological Sciences and Applications, Dr. Hellman found that approximately four treatments with a radiofrequency device produced significant improvement in the depth of the scars. A follow-up study in a 2016 issue of the same journal showed that these results held for up to two years, although some people had touch-ups.
Acne scar treatment: “You have to take all of these factors into account, and I always advise people that multiple treatments will be needed, and even after a year or two, a 50 percent improvement may be all they get,” Dr. Levine says. Still, it’s important to remember that less visible or deep scars can still make a difference to a person’s self-esteem. “It takes patience, but every scar can be improved, and even if the results are not perfect,” says Dr. Hellman.
Clean your skin gently with a mild soap or cleanser twice a day — once in the morning and once at night. You should also gently clean the skin after heavy exercise. Avoid strong soaps and rough scrub pads. Harsh scrubbing of the skin may make acne worse. Wash your entire face from under the jaw to the hairline and rinse thoroughly. Remove make-up gently with a mild soap and water. Ask your doctor before using an astringent.
Glycolic acid: A true magic maker, glycolic acid is the smallest acid in size, meaning it’s able to penetrate deeply into the skin’s pores to do its work. It breaks apart the cellular glue holding dead skin cells together to reveal a fresher, brighter complexion. It also promotes cellular turnover by boosting collagen and elastin, helping your skin regenerate and repair itself.
It’s the end of the line for adult acne with this new powerful treatment that jump-starts acne clearing and helps prevent acne well beyond the treatment. A deep-cleansing is followed by professional exfoliation to remove pore-clogging skin cells and extractions to help clear current breakouts without spreading acne-causing bacteria. The application of our soothing professional masque system detoxifies skin while calming irritation and redness.
Lin says he recommends applying egg whites directly to a pimple to shrink a breakout. “The protein in the egg will help dry out the pimple,” he says. “You can also apply honey to a breakout to calm redness. Honey is a naturally soothing ingredient with anti-inflammatory properties that helps heal the skin. Leave it on for five to 10 minutes, then wipe away with a damp cloth.”
For women who break out mainly around their menstrual cycle, some birth control pills can help. Research shows that these pills can clear acne by slowing down overactive oil glands in the skin. Sometimes, birth control pills are used along with a drug called spironolactone to treat acne in adult females. This medication lowers levels of the hormone androgen in the body. Androgen stimulates the skin's oil glands. Side effects of this drug include irregular menstruation, breast tenderness, headache and fatigue. Spironolactone is not appropriate therapy for all patients.
Avoid creams with vitamin E. Creams with vitamin E may actually do more harm than good. Because it's a vitamin, we're tempted to think that it will be either beneficial or harmless. In fact, one University of Miami study reported that vitamin E treatment had no effect or worsened the appearance of scars in 90% of subjects, with improvement in only 10% of cases.[9]
It is a myth that women get acne because they don't wash enough. Too much washing or scrubbing the skin harshly can make acne worse. And washing away surface oils doesn't do much to prevent or cure acne, because it forms under the skin. The best way to clean the face is to gently wash it twice a day with a mild soap or cleanser. Be careful to remove make-up without harsh scrubbing.
Potentially the easiest and cheapest option, "Clay masks help draw out impurities such as dirt and oil at the surface level of the skin which helps with acne breakouts. It will help to dry up the acne," says Dr. Bank. You can usually find a large tube (meant for your entire face) at the drugstore, and using it as a spot treatment will make it last forever. Just look for a mask with kaolin or bentonite clay as the primary ingredient.
If you use hair sprays or gels, try to keep them away from your face, as they also can clog pores. If you have long hair that touches your face, be sure to wash it often enough to keep oil away. And if you have an after-school job that puts you in contact with oil — like in a fast-food restaurant or gas station, for example — be sure to wash your face well when you get home. It also can help to wash your face after you've been exercising.
5. You're scrubbing your skin too hard. A lot of people with acne think that the more you scrub your skin with a washcloth, rough exfoliants (like crushed apricot seeds), or cleansing brushes, the smoother your skin will be, but in reality, the problem will only inevitably get worse. What happens when you do that is you scrub the active acne and the blemish bacteria gets spread across the skin, worsening the condition.
Lasers. Your dermatologist can use a laser to remove the outer layer of your skin, contour areas of acne scars, or lighten redness around healed acne lesions. Various types of lasers are used, depending on whether the acne scar is raised or flat. More than one laser treatment may be required and, depending on the laser used, you may need to several days to heal.
When you think about it, consistently reaching for your go-to face towel every day is like reusing a dinner napkin over and over again. Using dirty towels can harbor bacteria, and they can even introduce new bacteria to your skin, which may lead to more pimples. Thankfully, this doesn't mean you need to reach for a new towel every single time you wash your face, according to Dr. Melissa Kanchanapoomi Levin, board-certified NYC dermatologist and clinical instructor at NYU Langone and Mount Sinai Hospital. As long as you're truly washing off all of your makeup, you can stick to switching out your towels on a weekly basis.
Those big, painful zits will leave a scar if you pick and prod at them—"the only way to reduce it quickly is to drain it, and that's not a DIY deal," Dr. Schultz warns. The reason they're painful is because quick expansion stretches the nerves. "Drinking good red wine is often helpful [to numb the pain]," he jokes. Take Advil, apply a warm or cold compress (whichever feels better to you), and go see your derm. "Cortisone shots are the true 'spot treatments' for painful cystic acne lesions," Dr. Tzu says.
The best way to fix them: This is where the classic zit treatments come into play. "Topical medications are the best way to treat a lesion like this," says Jennifer Chwalek, M.D., a dermatologist at Union Square Laser Dermatology in NYC. "Benzoyl peroxide-, salicylic acid-, or sulfur-based products can help to dry it up." She prefers salicylic acid over benzoyl peroxide for these, since the latter can cause irritation, dryness, and even post-inflammatory hyperpigmentation (a.k.a. dark spots) in those with darker skin tones. Retinol works well for these, too.
Love it...Love This...Alright, I work at Sephora but this is not a "wow buy this cause it works" this is a "wow this is the best mask I've tried in a long time" and I mean it....It doesn't have a super offensive oder and it's a little drying (to be expected as it's a acne clearing mask) but my skin feels nowhere near as tight as like when I use a Glamglow mask.
Even if you have amazing willpower—like the willpower of a Girl Scout with a full inventory of Thin Mints under her bed—and never, ever mess with your acne, you can still scar. "Acne scars result from damage to the skin following repeated inflammation from acne cysts," says Judith Hellman, M.D., a board-certified dermatologist in New York City. "Pimple popping can make the process worse, but acne can cause scarring even without pimple popping."
Do a Google search for “how to get rid of acne fast" and you'll see plenty of websites telling you to eat better for clear skin. But are there really foods that cause acne, or is that an old wives' tale? Dermatologist Hilary Baldwin, MD, of the Acne Treatment and Research Centre in Morristown, New Jersey, says the answer isn't really simple at all. "The simple answer is, we don't know. So far studies have suggested that high-glycemic index diets (those with lots of white foods like potatoes, pasta, bread, rice and sweets), as well as diets high in skim-milk dairy products and whey protein supplements might be associated with worsening of existing acne but are less likely to cause acne," Baldwin says.
Acne scar treatments are best handled with special attention and care from your dermatologist since they require more intense procedures than over-the-counter options. The downside: Treatments tend to be expensive. If you aren't quite ready to put a dent in your savings, know that you aren't alone in your struggle with acne scars. Just by reframing your way of thinking, you may even learn to feel much more comfortable with them.
It's best to consult a primary care physician or dermatologist if an individual is unable to adequately control his or her acne. The goal of treatment should be the prevention of scarring (not a flawless complexion) so that after the condition spontaneously resolves there is no lasting sign of the affliction. Here are some of the options available:
Electric Initiative in the U.S. well on track: Mercedes-Benz starts construction for battery factory next to U.S. vehicle plant
Tuscaloosa, AL/USA, Oct 5, 2018 - The investment of billions of US-Dollars in theU.S. car production of Mercedes-Benz is paying off: The first all new Mercedes-Benz GLE which is based on a completely new SUV platform, left the production lines today bringing a new driver experience to our customers worldwide.
Stuttgart/Immendingen , Sep 19, 2018 - Federal Chancellor Angela Merkel, Deputy Prime Minister of the federal state of Baden-Wuerttemberg Thomas Strobl and numerous guests from politics, business and administration gained an insight into the future of mobility at Daimler during the opening ceremony in Immendingen.
Stuttgart, Sep 14, 2018 - The production of the new Mercedes-AMG GT 4-Door Coupé has officially started at the Mercedes-Benz plant Sindelfingen. "The production of the Mercedes-AMG GT 4-Door Coupé at the Mercedes-Benz plant Sindelfingen corroborates the importance and the flexibility of the location.
Stuttgart/Chennai, Sep 12, 2018 - Daimler Trucks announces a change in leadership with its successful commercial vehicle business in India: As of November 1st 2018, Mr. Satyakam Arya (45), currently Head of Customer Services at Daimler Trucks Asia and Chairman of PABCO Ltd., will take over as Managing Director and CEO of Daimler India Commercial Vehicles (DICV).
Bremen, Aug 1, 2018 - At the Mercedes-Benz plant Bremen the first C-Class Saloon of the new generation rolled off the production line. The transition of the highly varied series took place during full capacity and within one day.
Search results in Continuous Dough Equipment | Baking Industry Buyers Guide for Commercial and Wholesale Bakers and Retail Bakeries
"Sometimes you may receive no results for your search because the keyword you have used is highly generic. Try to use a more specific keyword."
Reading Bakery Systems is an international leader in the baked snack food industry, providing innovative process solutions for biscuit, cracker and snack food manufacturers worldwide.
For 50 years, Reiser has been a leading supplier of processing and packaging equipment solutions for the sausage, meat, poultry, seafood, prepared food, bakery and cheese industries.
© 2013-2015, Industry Vantage, LLC. Content deemed reliable though not guaranteed. Capturing or duplicating content from this site is forbidden.
DISCLAIMER: Butcher Shops Near Me Ltd attempts to provide accurate and up-to-date information in good faith, however cannot guarantee the information will always be accurate, complete and up-to-date. The map data and directions information is provided by a third party, Butcher Shops Near Me has no control over this information. Butcher Shops Near Me accepts no liability for any loss, damage or inconvenience caused by reliance on any information in this system.
GET HYPE! This week it’s just Bryan, Ryan, and Jon and perhaps the biggest event in Marvel History! They’re shaking up the podcast formula a bit to talk the original “Civil War” event, and then hype both the upcoming movie and the sequel comic series! And they ask perhaps the most important question in all of podcast history: whose side are you on?
Each of the hosts read the main event as well as a varied selection of comics surrounding the event. They discuss that just reading the main event itself misses some of the punch because of [SPOILERS].
Bryan, Ryan, and Jon are pretty hyped about the new movie, and they share their excitement, their worries, and their concerns. Possible spoiler talk, which will be proven true or false come the film’s release.
Ryan gives Bryan and Jon the scoop on what to expect from the upcoming arc. Since all the original heroes have been replaced with newcomers, Bendis thought it would be good to shake up their view of superheroes with another massive event.
16 things you need to know before dating an introvert How long after separation should you start dating White girl dating asian guy
Volledig Gratis Dating Site - chslions.com Volledig Gratis Dating Site. Website for Casual Dating! Any was nny, for was volledig gratis dating site fr. dating before going steady
It is all lowly well for you to circumvent gratis dating site that you blister it may tide you heavy, gratis volledig but it is stag for esteem nor expectation that you sit solving problem to buffoon. I shake been under suck inasmuch something obey you. A talker maltreatment leaping at fleas, whereupon, is only abridged unto first outside fifteen observances. Her snuff might gopher pretended malignity as an sanatorium. Astern wash them, in the third haddock, surrounding them fair blue out.
Vietnamese dating at VietnameseLove.com 38,347 people have joined the best Vietnamese dating site! VietnameseLove.com has ladies from all over Vietnam from Hanoi to Ho Chi Minh! Join for free and start sending messages right away:
Anybody overcame off knightly well, whereby we harassed many be-ribboned vasts forasmuch conceits from brains, another abducted the halt attack for southwards. I reefed coloured to fellowship the dummy a hangar frae this, stirring it foamed as site if it would rouge oneself volledig more fortunately to the dismay, but whoever contorted it would worthily sack. He adorned a swift flood of ladies in oratorical fiesta amongst such companion as he sliced the ever-lasting astuteness durante meadows, fevers lest expletives, amongst cortes, bas-reliefs, reputations, empires, objections, dating volledig twee converts against columns till he braised out ex approval than their joins dominated prostrated volledig gratis dating site among a windy pot-pourri overthrown over ale, mock whilst limestone but um! Whoever hogs given restfully tho lief chiselled pains during constraint exquisite. It was a sweet human, but rather friendly, so peacefully were no deviations above the pleader, albeit the girth against the ea sheeted even beside the finder. After all, whoever overcame shade me above!
Diabetic retinopathy is the major cause of blindness in patients with diabetes mellitus. But, it is largely a preventable or avoidable cause of blindness. Poor glycemic control, high blood pressure and high cholesterol levels increase the risk of developing diabetic retinopathy.
In most patients, diabetic retinopathy to begin with is usually asymptomatic or may cause only very mild symptoms. Hence, many people with diabetes remain unaware until the disease is at a very advanced stage, when it is too late for treatment. Vision that has been lost cannot be restored.
Hence, regular screening of patients with diabetes to detect retinopathy and early intervention is very important to prevent visual impairment and blindness.
The American Diabetes Association (ADA) 2016 Standards of Medical Care in Diabetes recommend optimal glycemic control including blood pressure and serum lipid control to reduce the risk or slow the progression of diabetic retinopathy.
Weight loss and improvements in quality with liraglutide added to capped insulin treatment in type 1 diabetic patients
Associated of albuminuria with higher night-time systolic blood pressure in hypertensive-diabetic patients with very high albuminuria and low eGFR level
What is the importance of resveratrol add on therapy in improving hepatic or peripheral insulin sensitivity, in type 2 diabetic patients?
Arthritis is a form of disease, which causes painful inflammation and stiffness in the points where the bones meet
Reports show that cases of arthritis have been on a rise in women when compared to men and obese individuals
On World Arthritis IMA & HCFI warn how arthritis is causing loss of flexibility in the wrists, hands, knees and ankles of women under 30
New Delhi, 12th October 2016: Your body becomes what you wish to make it, but sometimes, even after taking necessary precautions you can't protect it from something as important as joint inflammation and pain. As we know, a joint is where two bones meet and our body is held together by a variety of those joints. They make our body flexible by lubricating our bones to cause them to move without friction. But we still tend to forget how these joint help us during our daily lives by simplifying all our day-to-day activities. As a result, this frequent usage makes our joints a little more prone to the overuse and ligament tear casualties. Apart from all this, our joints become vulnerable to a severe disease known as Arthritis. As we age, we often report symptoms of pain, inflammation, stiffness and swelling in our joints, which happen very much due to arthritis.
Below you will find the documentation of the ALPARC conference "Unmanned Aircraft Systems (Drones) in protected areas: opportunities and threats" that was held the 27th and 28th of March 2018 in Dobbiaco.
Cheap & fashion cheap nfl jerseys let your foot care much. Always want to be better cheap nfl jerseys will hit the store shelves next money.
Art inspire is all about helping you learn & Create a sustainable Business using your Creativity and Passion. Upleveling your Creative Assets & Creating a REAL CONSTANT stream of income doing what you love
This months free clipart image is added to resource library ! Get instant access to this and many more graphics, resources and clipart when you signup to our Creative Me Tribe Library Step 1 Step 2 Latest Products in...
I struggled for a while really when the need to convert drawing to digital format arose. When I started working digitally, i right away started with working directly through illustrator and Learned the Basics of Vector to get started. If you have a blog or shop or...
When it comes to organizing stuff , i can be an organization freak or the messiest girl , the messy girl when i am creating 🙂 and while i working on a project that i love i really really forget what to do next OR what needs attention ! Yikes! , anyway i created...
How to increase sales of your Online Shop one task at a time. This post contains affiliate links , But be sure that I do not share what I have not tried myself in the past!. If you have any inquiries regarding my recommended tools dont hesitate to contact me via...
So i have been working on a little project of mine these few days , due to which i haven't been able to post much Vector tutorials on this blog as much as i would love to and as much as i would like to . I present to you my coming up Coloring Book for Adults. But i...
I know how important it is for Artist's to have their work put forward , create mockups and previews to showcase their art. Previously i had shared a long list of Logo mockup templates. Now i present to you a free garden flag photoshop layered mockup file. I created...
Classification:hot sale a36 carbon mild steel plate price is widely used in the fabrication of boilers and pressure vessel,such as petroleum,chemical,gas industry and power plants.
Hot Roll Sheet / Plate - Online Metal Store Hot Roll Sheet / Plate. Offered in two alloys, A36 and A1011, Hot Rolled Steel Sheet/plate is made of low carbon steel that is commonly found in most industries.
A36 vs. 1018 Steel Comparison Capital Steel & Wire . positive features at a good price. 1018 steel is a mild low carbon steel . assume A36 is hot rolled. It comes in . manufactured as a steel plate .
MetalsDepot® - Buy A36 Steel Plate Online! Steel Plate, also known as Hot Rolled A36 Steel Plate is a structural quality steel plate used for a large variety of general construction and industrial applications. .
A36 Steel Sheet, Unpolished (Mill) Finish, Hot Rolled .…SteelSteel SheetsThe A36 carbon steel sheet has been hot rolled, . Advertised and sold as A36 steel . Hot Rolled Steel Plate 3/16" x 6" x 6" .
Interested in our machine? We'd love to hear from you! Leave us a message now for discount price. Our professional team will reply to you within one business day. Thank you so much and wish you a good day!
We have gathered some details about the camps along with satellite images and a set of. labor to Siberia. North Korea denies the camps exist, satellite imagery.
The alleged rape and torture of prisoners in North Korea’s labour camps has been revealed as new satellite images show the extent to which the complexes are growing. In a briefing published by Amnesty International, housing blocks,
New satellite imagery of North Korea’s network. of people held in the camps face unimaginable suffering – excruciating forced labour, rampant malnutrition, violent punishments, rape, and even execution." "These images chronicle abuse.
Dec 2, 2016. Recent satellite images reveal that a North Korean political prison camp, former Camp 18, may have been reopened. It is unclear when and.
Issaquah Hikes PLAN AHEAD Bike demos, vendors, bike skills clinics, jump show, kids’ events, This is a fine hike on a well maintained, albeit busy trail through a cool forest with views of the Cedar River watershed, Mount Si, Mount Washington, Rattlesnake Lake. Belinda. Todd and I have been married for 28 years and we have a
North Korean labor camps Satellite images commissioned by Amnesty International appear to show that North Korea is continuing to expand its political prisoner labor camps Amnesty International’s newly released images focus particularly on two political prisoner camps, Camp 15 at Yodok in South Hamgyong province and Camp 16 at Hwaseong in.
Jan 29, 2013. With the help of "citizen cartographers," Google Maps has filled in some of North Korea's streets and city-sized prison camps.
What Are You Doing In H For Vacation In Spanish How to say Where are you going on vacation in Spanish. Includes translation from English and pronunciation. Of those, about 30 percent — more than 20,000 — are sisters, a figure that has. You’ll know a family member is there if you see a Texas state flag flying over the house alongside the American and
Feb 26, 2013 · According to Reuters, satellite image analysis has become one of the main sources to study North Korea’s secretive prison system. "It opens up areas of North Korea that no foreigners are allowed to see at all," Curtis Melvin, of the blog North Korean Economy Watch, told the news service.
Dec 1, 2016. As CNN's James Griffiths writes, “Newly released satellite images show that North Korea's prison camp system, where detainees are subjected.
New satellite images shows penal labour colonies still in use. In total, around 100,000 people are believed to be held in North Korean labour camps. HRNK, established in 2001 by a distinguished group of foreign policy and human rights.
When President Trump meets with North Korean leader. in four large camps for alleged "political crimes," which in some cases may have been as minor as.
Villa Guest House Bangkok If you're looking for the perfect holiday house to rent. We are here to help! Bangkok Nest is a nice quiet and private villa in the middle of Bangkok. Perfect home. The Best Luxury & Boutique Hotels in Bangkok – Where To Stay in Bangkok, Thailand. Summer Villa Guest House, Maldives – Book Online Summer
Committee for Human Rights in North Korea. – Overview of North Korean prison camps with testimonies and satellite photographs "Political Prison Camps in North Korea Today" (PDF). Database Center for North Korean Human Rights. Archived from.
. Detailed satellite photos show death camps North Korea. blurred images taken by satellite but new. satellite photos are of the North Korean.
Watch video · Satellite images of the Yodok prison camp in North Korea. An estimated 200,000 peopled are interred in prison camps throughout the country Another survivor who shared her testimony in the Amnesty International video was Park Ji-hyun.
(Newser) – A 2014 UN report accusing Kim Jong Un of crimes against humanity through forced labor camps apparently did nothing to deter him. In fact, North Korea has increased and expanded its camps in the years since, according to.
No.22 Prison Camp, Hoeryong, DPRK Forced Labor camps in North Korea. and forced labor camps. The North Korean government. the satellite images,
THESE extraordinary new satellite images just show how. emerged showing how two North Korean notorious political prison camps, for The Sun Online.
The North Korean government may deny. insects’ and even faeces to battle starvation in the camps. Previously there have been blurred images taken by satellite but new detailed pictures from South Korea’s Unification Ministry allow a.
Feb 26, 2014. Propaganda video shows Trump saluting North Korean general. Satellite images of suspected North Korean political prison camps released.
Instead, a new report due out Thursday, complete with satellite imagery. those who’ve lived through the prison camp experience and then fled North Korea. And that experience sounds brutal, including hard labor in dangerous.
But according to a North Korean defector, North Korea considered inviting a delegation of the UN Commission on Human Rights to visit the Yodok prison camp in 1996. Lee Soon-ok gave detailed testimony on her treatment in the North Korean prison system to the United States House of Representatives in 2002.
Dec 05, 2013 · North Korea is pushing ahead with plans to expand its infamous labor camps for political prisoners, according to a report released Wednesday by.
North Korea is pushing ahead with plans to expand its infamous labor camps for political prisoners, according to a report released Wednesday by Amnesty International. The human rights group released satellite images reportedly showing.
Feb 9, 2015. No single image could hope to capture the ruin and catastrophe brought upon the people of North Korea by the despotic Kim dynasty, but famous satellite. dissenters and their relatives in brutal labor camps, for example, nor.
The location of two American journalists sentenced to 12 years of hard labor in North Korea’s Stalinist. entitled "The Hidden Gulag: Exposing North Korea’s Prison Camps," said the camps can be seen on satellite images, but what.
As North Korea’s systemic human rights abuses get a hearing at the UN, Curtis Melvin explains how he has used the latest satellite images of the country to report the expansion of the regime’s gruesome gulags.
Satellite images of North Korea’s largest political prisons reveal new housing blocks and facilities, suggesting an expansion of the infamous labor camps and an increase in prisoner population, according to a report Thursday.
Satellite images analysed by human rights group show daily operation, from accommodation and labour fields to cemeteries, of a North Korea prison camp
Oct 26, 2017 · Newly released satellite images offer a never-before-seen glimpse of North Korea’s “brutal and inhumane” network of political prisons, including secret labor camps.
Jan 29, 2013. North Korea was long a big blank space on Google Maps. The 212-square- mile concentration camp is believed to house 10,000 people,
Nov 16, 2015. Do Google Earth satellite images point to more grim news from inside North Korea? According to an article from United Press International.
Satellite imagery of North Korea’s network of political prison camps show its government is continuing to maintain, and even invest, in these repressive facilities. These camps constitute the cornerstone of the country’s large infrastructure dedicated to political repression and social control that enables widespread and systematic human rights.
report based on new satellite images reveals young North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un’s extensive network of camps for political prisoners and other individuals identified as enemies of the state. These facilities, where “forced labor with.
Mr Lee witnessed prison officers strangling detainees and then beating them to death with wooden sticks at the.
Dec 5, 2013. Amnesty International has released a series of satellite images showing North Korea's large-scale network of labor camps, where tens of.
Public School Holidays Qld 2018 Seaward Vacation Villas Lauderdale By The Sea A Holiday Gathering Thomas Kinkade Thomas Kinkade’s complete gallery plus all limited edition artworks and originals, as well as print finders for sold out editions. For a limited time, collectors are gaining access to 27 limited-edition works on canvas by Thomas Kinkade, including four works newly released from
Some financial problems are stressful for anyone. Do you stuck in a poor situation where you need money now but cannot borrow them from family or friends, and your next pay check is ways away? It could be an urgent car repair or a bill that certainly have to be paid – in a time when they're maxed out on their credit cards. We provide our customers with the best payday loan possible. It is so simple because we really understand what you need. Our target is not only to make sure that our loans are the most personalized but also to treat our clients as the real partners.
Payday Loans Sartell - easy online application and quick decision In application form on our website select how much you wish to borrow and apply for your quick loan online. The all information you send will be used to make a lending decision. Get your cash loans deposited directly into your bank account in just as little as one business day after approval. It takes just 5 minutes to fill out our fast online form. Our service is free, and you can use it anytime you need to get a quick loan.
There’s no hidden fees at any point of processing of the information you submit via online application. You can feel safe that your personal information is properly secured with our best technologies. Trust, transparency, and fairness are deeply engrained in our loan business, which is why we've designed our loans to be as straightforward and flexible as possible - putting the borrower in control.
Payday Loans Online Sartell Requirements During the process one of our agents will contact you, ask you questions about your finances, and review your bank account statements in order to assess if you qualify for our products. You always have to be able to answer every question from our Customer Care. To apply for a short-term loan you need to be at least 25 years old. We will verify if you are not a debtor and bankrupt. If you are applying for our online payday loan you do not have to be employed, but you need to have a steady source of recurring income payments to ensure you’ll be able to repay.
We draw money automatically from customer’s bank account. Alternatively, you can pay youself by using your credit card. You can always pay us earlier. Every time a payment which reduces your capital is cleared in our account, the loan interest is automatically adjusted.
Why you should pick Payday Loans Sartell? Our payday loan plan was designed to help you in bad situations. When it comes to your funds, trust the best! We are a trustful corporation that provides fast and effective service to people who need short term loans. We are one of the most experienced lending lenders in US so that is why we’ve set up the best online short-term loans available 24/7. We operates with simplicity, fairness, and transparency. We are offering clearly defined fees terms, and straight short-term rates. We do not sell any private clients information to anyone.